# ArXiv eess --Mon, 7 Feb 2022
### 1.On Robust Optimal Linear Feedback Stock Trading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02300.pdf)
>  The take-off point for this paper is the Simultaneous Long-Short (SLS) control class, which is known to guarantee the so-called robust positive expectation (RPE) property. That is, the expected cumulative trading gain-loss function is guaranteed to be positive for a broad class of stock price processes. This fact attracts many new extensions and ramifications to the SLS theory. However, it is arguable that "systematic" way to select an optimal decision variable that is robust in the RPE sense is still unresolved. To this end, we propose a modified SLS control structure, which we call the {double linear feedback control scheme}, that allows us to solve the issue above for stock price processes involving independent returns. In this paper, we go beyond the existing literature by not only deriving explicit expressions for the expected value and variance of cumulative gain-loss function but also proving various theoretical results regarding {robust positive expected growth} and {monotonicity}. Subsequently, we propose a new {robust optimal gain selection problem} that seeks a solution maximizing the expected trading gain-loss subject to the prespecified standard deviation {and} RPE constraints. Under some mild conditions, we show that the optimal solution exists and is unique. Moreover, a simple graphical approach that allows one to systematically determine the optimal solution is also proposed. Finally, some numerical and empirical studies using historical price data are also provided to support our theory.      
### 2.Quality Assessment of Low Light Restored Images: A Subjective Study and an Unsupervised Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02277.pdf)
>  The quality assessment (QA) of restored low light images is an important tool for benchmarking and improving low light restoration (LLR) algorithms. While several LLR algorithms exist, the subjective perception of the restored images has been much less studied. Challenges in capturing aligned low light and well-lit image pairs and collecting a large number of human opinion scores of quality for training, warrant the design of unsupervised (or opinion unaware) no-reference (NR) QA methods. This work studies the subjective perception of low light restored images and their unsupervised NR QA. Our contributions are two-fold. We first create a dataset of restored low light images using various LLR methods, conduct a subjective QA study and benchmark the performance of existing QA methods. We then present a self-supervised contrastive learning technique to extract distortion aware features from the restored low light images. We show that these features can be effectively used to build an opinion unaware image quality analyzer. Detailed experiments reveal that our unsupervised NR QA model achieves state-of-the-art performance among all such quality measures for low light restored images.      
### 3.Beam Management with Orientation and RSRP using Deep Learning for Beyond 5G Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02247.pdf)
>  Beam management (BM), i.e., the process of finding and maintaining a suitable transmit and receive beam pair, can be challenging, particularly in highly dynamic scenarios. Side-information, e.g., orientation, from on-board sensors can assist the user equipment (UE) BM. In this work, we use the orientation information coming from the inertial measurement unit (IMU) for effective BM. We use a data-driven strategy that fuses the reference signal received power (RSRP) with orientation information using a recurrent neural network (RNN). Simulation results show that the proposed strategy performs much better than the conventional BM and an orientation-assisted BM strategy that utilizes particle filter in another study. Specifically, the proposed data-driven strategy improves the beam-prediction accuracy up to 34% and increases mean RSRP by up to 4.2 dB when the UE orientation changes quickly.      
### 4.Sparse Polynomial Optimisation for Neural Network Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02241.pdf)
>  The prevalence of neural networks in society is expanding at an increasing rate. It is becoming clear that providing robust guarantees on systems that use neural networks is very important, especially in safety-critical applications. A trained neural network's sensitivity to adversarial attacks is one of its greatest shortcomings. To provide robust guarantees, one popular method that has seen success is to bound the activation functions using equality and inequality constraints. However, there are numerous ways to form these bounds, providing a trade-off between conservativeness and complexity. Depending on the complexity of these bounds, the computational time of the optimisation problem varies, with longer solve times often leading to tighter bounds. We approach the problem from a different perspective, using sparse polynomial optimisation theory and the Positivstellensatz, which derives from the field of real algebraic geometry. The former exploits the natural cascading structure of the neural network using ideas from chordal sparsity while the later asserts the emptiness of a semi-algebraic set with a nested family of tests of non-decreasing accuracy to provide tight bounds. We show that bounds can be tightened significantly, whilst the computational time remains reasonable. We compare the solve times of different solvers and show how the accuracy can be improved at the expense of increased computation time. We show that by using this sparse polynomial framework the solve time and accuracy can be improved over other methods for neural network verification with ReLU, sigmoid and tanh activation functions.      
### 5.An Overview of Ultra-WideBand (UWB) Standards(IEEE 802.15.4, FiRa, Apple): Interoperability Aspects and Future Research Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02190.pdf)
>  The increasing popularity of ultra-wideband (UWB) technology for location-based services such as access control and real-time indoor track\&amp;tracing, as well as UWB support in new consumer devices such as smartphones, has resulted in the availability of multiple new UWB radio chips. However, due to this increase in UWB device availability, the question of which (industry) standards and configuration factors impact UWB interoperability and compatibility becomes increasingly important. In this paper, the fundamentals of UWB compatibility are investigated by first giving an overview of different UWB radio chips on the market. After that, an overview of UWB standards and standardisation entities is given. Next, this overview is used to discuss the focus of these different standards and to identify the differences between them. We describe compatibility issues and associated interoperability aspects related to PHY, MAC, and upper layers. For the PHY layer, compatibility is possible for all UWB chips if the correct settings are configured. For the MAC layer, the implementation of the multiple access scheme as well as the localization technique is mostly proprietary. For the device discovery, several standards are currently being drafted. Finally, future challenges related to UWB interoperability are discussed.      
### 6.Explicit port-Hamiltonian FEM models for geometrically nonlinear mechanical systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02097.pdf)
>  In this article, we present the port-Hamiltonian representation, the structure preserving discretization and the resulting finite-dimensional state space model of geometrically nonlinear mechanical systems based on a mixed finite element formulation. This article focuses on St. Venant-Kirchhoff materials connecting the Green strain and the second Piola-Kirchhoff stress tensor in a linear relationship which allows a port-Hamiltonian representation by means of its co-energy (effort) variables. Due to treatment of both Dirichlet and Neumann boundary conditions in the appropriate variational formulation, the resulting port-Hamiltonian state space model features both of them as explicit (control) inputs. Numerical experiments generated with FEniCS illustrate the properties of the resulting FE models.      
### 7.Numerical Demonstration of Multiple Actuator Constraint Enforcement Algorithm for a Molten Salt Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02094.pdf)
>  To advance the paradigm of autonomous operation for nuclear power plants, a data-driven machine learning approach to control is sought. Autonomous operation for next-generation reactor designs is anticipated to bolster safety and improve economics. However, any algorithms that are utilized need to be interpretable, adaptable, and robust. <br>In this work, we focus on the specific problem of optimal control during autonomous operation. We will demonstrate an interpretable and adaptable data-driven machine learning approach to autonomous control of a molten salt loop. To address interpretability, we utilize a data-driven algorithm to identify system dynamics in state-space representation. To address adaptability, a control algorithm will be utilized to modify actuator setpoints while enforcing constant, and time-dependent constraints. Robustness is not addressed in this work, and is part of future work. To demonstrate the approach, we designed a numerical experiment requiring intervention to enforce constraints during a load-follow type transient.      
### 8.Signal Shaping for Semantic Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02072.pdf)
>  Semantic communications target to reliably convey the semantic meaning of messages. It is different from existing communication systems focusing on reliable bit transmission. To achieve the goal of semantic communications, we propose a signal shaping method by minimizing the semantic loss, which is measured by the pretrained bidirectional encoder representation from transformers (BERT) model. The signal set optimization problem is transformed to a vector optimization subject to a power constraint. We propose an efficient projected gradient descent method to solve the problem and prove its convergence. Simulation results show that the proposed method outperforms existing signal shaping methods in minimizing the semantic loss.      
### 9.Grid-Forming Control Design of Dynamic Virtual Power Plants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02057.pdf)
>  We present a novel grid-forming control design approach for dynamic virtual power plants. We consider a group of heterogeneous grid-forming distributed energy resources which collectively provide desired dynamic ancillary services such as fast frequency and voltage control. To achieve that, we employ an adaptive divide-and-conquer strategy which disaggregates the desired control specifications of the aggregate DVPP via adaptive dynamic participation factors to obtain local desired behaviors of each device. We then employ local controls to realize these desired behaviors. In the process, we ensure that local device limitations are taken into account. Finally, the control performance is verified via simulations on a power system testbed.      
### 10.Non-Coherent MIMO-OFDM Uplink empowered by the Spatial Diversity in Reflecting Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02035.pdf)
>  Reflecting Surfaces (RSs) are being lately envisioned as an energy efficient solution capable of enhancing the signal coverage in cases where obstacles block the direct communication from Base Stations (BSs), especially at high frequency bands due to attenuation loss increase. In the current literature, wireless communications via RSs are exclusively based on traditional coherent demodulation, which necessitates the estimation of accurate Channel State Information (CSI). However, this requirement results in an increased overhead, especially in time-varying channels, which reduces the resources that can be used for data communication. In this paper, we consider the uplink between a single-antenna user and a multi-antenna BS and present a novel RS-empowered Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM) communication system based on the differential phase shift keying, which is suitable for high noise and/or mobility scenarios. As a benchmark, analytical expressions for the Signal-to-Interference and Noise Ratio (SINR) of the proposed system are presented. Our extensive simulation results verify the accuracy of the presented analysis and showcase the performance and superiority of the proposed system over coherent demodulation.      
### 11.Cross-Modality Multi-Atlas Segmentation Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02000.pdf)
>  Multi-atlas segmentation (MAS) is a promising framework for medical image segmentation. Generally, MAS methods register multiple atlases, i.e., medical images with corresponding labels, to a target image; and the transformed atlas labels can be combined to generate target segmentation via label fusion schemes. Many conventional MAS methods employed the atlases from the same modality as the target image. However, the number of atlases with the same modality may be limited or even missing in many clinical applications. Besides, conventional MAS methods suffer from the computational burden of registration or label fusion procedures. In this work, we design a novel cross-modality MAS framework, which uses available atlases from a certain modality to segment a target image from another modality. To boost the computational efficiency of the framework, both the image registration and label fusion are achieved by well-designed deep neural networks. For the atlas-to-target image registration, we propose a bi-directional registration network (BiRegNet), which can efficiently align images from different modalities. For the label fusion, we design a similarity estimation network (SimNet), which estimates the fusion weight of each atlas by measuring its similarity to the target image. SimNet can learn multi-scale information for similarity estimation to improve the performance of label fusion. The proposed framework was evaluated by the left ventricle and liver segmentation tasks on the MM-WHS and CHAOS datasets, respectively. Results have shown that the framework is effective for cross-modality MAS in both registration and label fusion. The code will be released publicly on \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NanYoMy/cmmas" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>} once the manuscript is accepted.      
### 12.The CUHK-TENCENT speaker diarization system for the ICASSP 2022 multi-channel multi-party meeting transcription challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01986.pdf)
>  This paper describes our speaker diarization system submitted to the Multi-channel Multi-party Meeting Transcription (M2MeT) challenge, where Mandarin meeting data were recorded in multi-channel format for diarization and automatic speech recognition (ASR) tasks. In these meeting scenarios, the uncertainty of the speaker number and the high ratio of overlapped speech present great challenges for diarization. Based on the assumption that there is valuable complementary information between acoustic features, spatial-related and speaker-related features, we propose a multi-level feature fusion mechanism based target-speaker voice activity detection (FFM-TS-VAD) system to improve the performance of the conventional TS-VAD system. Furthermore, we propose a data augmentation method during training to improve the system robustness when the angular difference between two speakers is relatively small. We provide comparisons for different sub-systems we used in M2MeT challenge. Our submission is a fusion of several sub-systems and ranks second in the diarization task.      
### 13.A Nano-Architecture for Fertility Monitoring via Intra-body Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01974.pdf)
>  Fertility monitoring in humans for either natural conception or artificial insemination and fertilization has been a critical challenge both for the treating physician and the treated patients. Eggs in human female can be fertilized when they reach the Fallopian tube from the upper parts of the reproductive system. However, no technology, till date, on its own could detect the presence of eggs in the Fallopian tube and communicate their presence to the consulting physician or nurse and the patient, so that the next step can be initiated in a timely fashion. In this paper, we propose a conceptual architecture from a communications engineering point of view. The architecture combines intra-body nano-sensor network for detecting Fallopian tube activity, with body-area network for receiving information from the intra-body network and communicating the same over-the-air to the involved personnel (physician/nurse/patient). Preliminary simulations have been conducted using particle based stochastic simulator to investigate the relationship between achievable information rates, signal to noise ratio (SNR) and distance. It has been found that data rate as high as 300 Mbps is achievable at SNR 45. Hence, the proposed architecture ensures transfer of information with near-zero latency and minimum energy along with high throughput, so that necessary action can be taken within the short time-window of the Fallopian tube activity.      
### 14.Unsupervised Learning Based Hybrid Beamforming with Low-Resolution Phase Shifters for MU-MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01946.pdf)
>  Millimeter wave (mmWave) is a key technology for fifth-generation (5G) and beyond communications. Hybrid beamforming has been proposed for large-scale antenna systems in mmWave communications. Existing hybrid beamforming designs based on infinite-resolution phase shifters (PSs) are impractical due to hardware cost and power consumption. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised-learning-based scheme to jointly design the analog precoder and combiner with low-resolution PSs for multiuser multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) systems. We transform the analog precoder and combiner design problem into a phase classification problem and propose a generic neural network architecture, termed the phase classification network (PCNet), capable of producing solutions of various PS resolutions. Simulation results demonstrate the superior sum-rate and complexity performance of the proposed scheme, as compared to state-of-the-art hybrid beamforming designs for the most commonly used low-resolution PS configurations.      
### 15.Robust Dynamic State Estimator of Integrated Energy Systems based on Natural Gas Partial Differential Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01935.pdf)
>  The reliability and precision of dynamic database are vital for the optimal operating and global control of integrated energy systems. One of the effective ways to obtain the accurate states is state estimations. A novel robust dynamic state estimation methodology for integrated natural gas and electric power systems is proposed based on Kalman filter. To take full advantage of measurement redundancies and predictions for enhancing the estimating accuracy, the dynamic state estimation model coupling gas and power systems by gas turbine units is established. The exponential smoothing technique and gas physical model are integrated in Kalman filter. Additionally, the time-varying scalar matrix is proposed to conquer bad data in Kalman filter algorithm. The proposed method is applied to an integrated gas and power systems formed by GasLib-40 and IEEE 39-bus system with five gas turbine units. The simulating results show that the method can obtain the accurate dynamic states under three different measurement error conditions, and the filtering performance are better than separate estimation methods. Additionally, the proposed method is robust when the measurements experience bad data.      
### 16.Knowledge Graph Based Waveform Recommendation: A New Communication Waveform Design Paradigm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01926.pdf)
>  Traditionally, a communication waveform is designed by experts based on communication theory and their experiences on a case-by-case basis, which is usually laborious and time-consuming. In this paper, we investigate the waveform design from a novel perspective and propose a new waveform design paradigm with the knowledge graph (KG)-based intelligent recommendation system. The proposed paradigm aims to improve the design efficiency by structural characterization and representations of existing waveforms and intelligently utilizing the knowledge learned from them. To achieve this goal, we first build a communication waveform knowledge graph (CWKG) with a first-order neighbor node, for which both structured semantic knowledge and numerical parameters of a waveform are integrated by representation learning. Based on the developed CWKG, we further propose an intelligent communication waveform recommendation system (CWRS) to generate waveform candidates. In the CWRS, an improved involution1D operator, which is channel-agnostic and space-specific, is introduced according to the characteristics of KG-based waveform representation for feature extraction, and the multi-head self-attention is adopted to weigh the influence of various components for feature fusion. Meanwhile, multilayer perceptron-based collaborative filtering is used to evaluate the matching degree between the requirement and the waveform candidate. Simulation results show that the proposed CWKG-based CWRS can automatically recommend waveform candidates with high reliability.      
### 17.Modified ResNet Model for MSI and MSS Classification of Gastrointestinal Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01905.pdf)
>  In this work, a modified ResNet model is proposed for the classification of Microsatellite instability(MSI) and Microsatellite stability(MSS) of gastrointestinal cancer. The performance of this model is analyzed and compared with existing models. The proposed model surpassed the existing models with an accuracy of 0.8981 and F1 score of 0.9178.      
### 18.Enhancing Organ at Risk Segmentation with Improved Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01866.pdf)
>  Organ at risk (OAR) segmentation is a crucial step for treatment planning and outcome determination in radiotherapy treatments of cancer patients. Several deep learning based segmentation algorithms have been developed in recent years, however, U-Net remains the de facto algorithm designed specifically for biomedical image segmentation and has spawned many variants with known weaknesses. In this study, our goal is to present simple architectural changes in U-Net to improve its accuracy and generalization properties. Unlike many other available studies evaluating their algorithms on single center data, we thoroughly evaluate several variations of U-Net as well as our proposed enhanced architecture on multiple data sets for an extensive and reliable study of the OAR segmentation problem. Our enhanced segmentation model includes (a)architectural changes in the loss function, (b)optimization framework, and (c)convolution type. Testing on three publicly available multi-object segmentation data sets, we achieved an average of 80% dice score compared to the baseline U-Net performance of 63%.      
### 19.Best Practices and Scoring System on Reviewing A.I. based Medical Imaging Papers: Part 1 Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01863.pdf)
>  With the recent advances in A.I. methodologies and their application to medical imaging, there has been an explosion of related research programs utilizing these techniques to produce state-of-the-art classification performance. Ultimately, these research programs culminate in submission of their work for consideration in peer reviewed journals. To date, the criteria for acceptance vs. rejection is often subjective; however, reproducible science requires reproducible review. The Machine Learning Education Sub-Committee of SIIM has identified a knowledge gap and a serious need to establish guidelines for reviewing these studies. Although there have been several recent papers with this goal, this present work is written from the machine learning practitioners standpoint. In this series, the committee will address the best practices to be followed in an A.I.-based study and present the required sections in terms of examples and discussion of what should be included to make the studies cohesive, reproducible, accurate, and self-contained. This first entry in the series focuses on the task of image classification. Elements such as dataset curation, data pre-processing steps, defining an appropriate reference standard, data partitioning, model architecture and training are discussed. The sections are presented as they would be detailed in a typical manuscript, with content describing the necessary information that should be included to make sure the study is of sufficient quality to be considered for publication. The goal of this series is to provide resources to not only help improve the review process for A.I.-based medical imaging papers, but to facilitate a standard for the information that is presented within all components of the research study. We hope to provide quantitative metrics in what otherwise may be a qualitative review process.      
### 20.Brain Cancer Survival Prediction on Treatment-na ive MRI using Deep Anchor Attention Learning with Vision Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01857.pdf)
>  Image-based brain cancer prediction models, based on radiomics, quantify the radiologic phenotype from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). However, these features are difficult to reproduce because of variability in acquisition and preprocessing pipelines. Despite evidence of intra-tumor phenotypic heterogeneity, the spatial diversity between different slices within an MRI scan has been relatively unexplored using such methods. In this work, we propose a deep anchor attention aggregation strategy with a Vision Transformer to predict survival risk for brain cancer patients. A Deep Anchor Attention Learning (DAAL) algorithm is proposed to assign different weights to slice-level representations with trainable distance measurements. We evaluated our method on N = 326 MRIs. Our results outperformed attention multiple instance learning-based techniques. DAAL highlights the importance of critical slices and corroborates the clinical intuition that inter-slice spatial diversity can reflect disease severity and is implicated in outcome.      
### 21.Distributed State Estimation with Deep Neural Networks for Uncertain Nonlinear Systems under Event-Triggered Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01842.pdf)
>  Distributed state estimation is examined for a sensor network tasked with reconstructing a system's state through the use of a distributed and event-triggered observer. Each agent in the sensor network employs a deep neural network (DNN) to approximate the uncertain nonlinear dynamics of the system, which is trained using a multiple timescale approach. Specifically, the outer weights of each DNN are updated online using a Lyapunov-based gradient descent update law, while the inner weights and biases are trained offline using a supervised learning method and collected input-output data. The observer utilizes event-triggered communication to promote the efficient use of network resources. A nonsmooth Lyapunov analysis shows the distributed event-triggered observer has a uniformly ultimately bounded state reconstruction error. A simulation study is provided to validate the result and demonstrate the performance improvements afforded by the DNNs.      
### 22.Proofs and Supplementary Material: Unified Characterization and Precoding for Non-Stationary Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01827.pdf)
>  This document provides the supplementary material including a comprehensive related work, the complete proofs and extended evaluation results that support the manuscript, "Unified Characterization and Precoding for Non-Stationary Channels", that was accepted for publication at IEEE International Conference on Communications (ICC) 2022. Equations (1)--(34) refer to the equations from the main manuscript, and the Theorem, Lemma and Corollaries correspond to those from the manuscript.      
### 23.Oral cancer detection and interpretation: Deep multiple instance learning versus conventional deep single instance learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01783.pdf)
>  The current medical standard for setting an oral cancer (OC) diagnosis is histological examination of a tissue sample from the oral cavity. This process is time consuming and more invasive than an alternative approach of acquiring a brush sample followed by cytological analysis. Skilled cytotechnologists are able to detect changes due to malignancy, however, to introduce this approach into clinical routine is associated with challenges such as a lack of experts and labour-intensive work. To design a trustworthy OC detection system that would assist cytotechnologists, we are interested in AI-based methods that reliably can detect cancer given only per-patient labels (minimizing annotation bias), and also provide information on which cells are most relevant for the diagnosis (enabling supervision and understanding). We, therefore, perform a comparison of a conventional single instance learning (SIL) approach and a modern multiple instance learning (MIL) method suitable for OC detection and interpretation, utilizing three different neural network architectures. To facilitate systematic evaluation of the considered approaches, we introduce a synthetic PAP-QMNIST dataset, that serves as a model of OC data, while offering access to per-instance ground truth. Our study indicates that on PAP-QMNIST, the SIL performs better, on average, than the MIL approach. Performance at the bag level on real-world cytological data is similar for both methods, yet the single instance approach performs better on average. Visual examination by cytotechnologist indicates that the methods manage to identify cells which deviate from normality, including malignant cells as well as those suspicious for dysplasia. We share the code as open source at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MIDA-group/OralCancerMILvsSIL" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.Retinal Vessel Segmentation with Pixel-wise Adaptive Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01782.pdf)
>  Accurate retinal vessel segmentation is challenging because of the complex texture of retinal vessels and low imaging contrast. Previous methods generally refine segmentation results by cascading multiple deep networks, which are time-consuming and inefficient. In this paper, we propose two novel methods to address these challenges. First, we devise a light-weight module, named multi-scale residual similarity gathering (MRSG), to generate pixel-wise adaptive filters (PA-Filters). Different from cascading multiple deep networks, only one PA-Filter layer can improve the segmentation results. Second, we introduce a response cue erasing (RCE) strategy to enhance the segmentation accuracy. Experimental results on the DRIVE, CHASE_DB1, and STARE datasets demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods while maintaining a compact structure. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Limingxing00/Retinal-Vessel-Segmentation-ISBI20222" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 25.A multi-model ensemble Kalman filter for data assimilation and forecasting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02272.pdf)
>  Data assimilation (DA) aims to optimally combine model forecasts and noisy observations. Multi-model DA generalizes the variational or Bayesian formulation of the Kalman filter, and we prove here that it is also the minimum variance linear unbiased estimator. However, previous implementations of this approach have not estimated the model error, and have therewith not been able to correctly weight the separate models and the observations. Here, we show how multiple models can be combined for both forecasting and DA by using an ensemble Kalman filter with adaptive model error estimation. This methodology is applied to the Lorenz96 model, and it results in significant error reductions compared to the best model and to an unweighted multi-model ensemble.      
### 26.Iterative Self Knowledge Distillation -- From Pothole Classification to Fine-Grained and COVID Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02265.pdf)
>  Pothole classification has become an important task for road inspection vehicles to save drivers from potential car accidents and repair bills. Given the limited computational power and fixed number of training epochs, we propose iterative self knowledge distillation (ISKD) to train lightweight pothole classifiers. Designed to improve both the teacher and student models over time in knowledge distillation, ISKD outperforms the state-of-the-art self knowledge distillation method on three pothole classification datasets across four lightweight network architectures, which supports that self knowledge distillation should be done iteratively instead of just once. The accuracy relation between the teacher and student models shows that the student model can still benefit from a moderately trained teacher model. Implying that better teacher models generally produce better student models, our results justify the design of ISKD. In addition to pothole classification, we also demonstrate the efficacy of ISKD on six additional datasets associated with generic classification, fine-grained classification, and medical imaging application, which supports that ISKD can serve as a general-purpose performance booster without the need of a given teacher model and extra trainable parameters.      
### 27.Infinite-horizon risk-sensitive performance criteria for translation invariant networks of linear quantum stochastic systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02261.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with networks of identical linear quantum stochastic systems which interact with each other and external bosonic fields in a translation invariant fashion. The systems are associated with sites of a multidimensional lattice and are governed by coupled linear quantum stochastic differential equations (QSDEs). The block Toeplitz coefficients of these QSDEs are specified by the energy and coupling matrices which quantify the Hamiltonian and coupling operators for the component systems. We discuss the invariant Gaussian quantum state of the network when it satisfies a stability condition and is driven by statistically independent vacuum fields. A quadratic-exponential functional (QEF) is considered as a risk-sensitive performance criterion for a finite fragment of the network over a bounded time interval. This functional involves a quadratic function of dynamic variables of the component systems with a block Toeplitz weighting matrix. Assuming the invariant state, we study the spatio-temporal asymptotic rate of the QEF per unit time and per lattice site in the thermodynamic limit of unboundedly growing time horizons and fragments of the lattice. A spatio-temporal frequency-domain formula is obtained for the QEF rate in terms of two spectral functions associated with the real and imaginary parts of the invariant quantum covariance kernel of the network variables. A homotopy method and asymptotic expansions for evaluating the QEF rate are also discussed.      
### 28.Evaluating the Efficacy of Facebook's Vaccine Misinformation Content Removal Policies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02172.pdf)
>  Social media platforms have attempted to remove misinformation about vaccines because it obstructs efforts to end the COVID-19 pandemic. We examined whether Facebook's vaccine misinformation removal policies were effective. Posts and engagements in anti-vaccine pages were reduced to 29% and 23% of pre-policy levels, respectively, but recovered over the subsequent six months. Posts and engagements in pro-vaccine pages were also reduced -- to 68% and 30% of pre-policy levels, respectively. Low-credibility content became more prevalent in anti-vaccine pages and groups, and high-credibility content became less prevalent in pro-vaccine pages. Links between anti-vaccine pages and coordinated inauthentic behavior were also reduced. Our results suggest that Facebook's policies were only partially successful. Facebook's attempts at self-regulation appear to have been resource intensive, and ineffective in the long term.      
### 29.NeAT: Neural Adaptive Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02171.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Neural Adaptive Tomography (NeAT), the first adaptive, hierarchical neural rendering pipeline for multi-view inverse rendering. Through a combination of neural features with an adaptive explicit representation, we achieve reconstruction times far superior to existing neural inverse rendering methods. The adaptive explicit representation improves efficiency by facilitating empty space culling and concentrating samples in complex regions, while the neural features act as a neural regularizer for the 3D reconstruction. The NeAT framework is designed specifically for the tomographic setting, which consists only of semi-transparent volumetric scenes instead of opaque objects. In this setting, NeAT outperforms the quality of existing optimization-based tomography solvers while being substantially faster.      
### 30.Polyphonic pitch detection with convolutional recurrent neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02115.pdf)
>  Recent directions in automatic speech recognition (ASR) research have shown that applying deep learning models from image recognition challenges in computer vision is beneficial. As automatic music transcription (AMT) is superficially similar to ASR, in the sense that methods often rely on transforming spectrograms to symbolic sequences of events (e.g. words or notes), deep learning should benefit AMT as well. In this work, we outline an online polyphonic pitch detection system that streams audio to MIDI by ConvLSTMs. Our system achieves state-of-the-art results on the 2007 MIREX multi-F0 development set, with an F-measure of 83\% on the bassoon, clarinet, flute, horn and oboe ensemble recording without requiring any musical language modelling or assumptions of instrument timbre.      
### 31.Musical Audio Similarity with Self-supervised Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02112.pdf)
>  We have built a music similarity search engine that lets video producers search by listenable music excerpts, as a complement to traditional full-text search. Our system suggests similar sounding track segments in a large music catalog by training a self-supervised convolutional neural network with triplet loss terms and musical transformations. Semi-structured user interviews demonstrate that we can successfully impress professional video producers with the quality of the search experience, and perceived similarities to query tracks averaged 7.8/10 in user testing. We believe this search tool will make for a more natural search experience that is easier to find music to soundtrack videos with.      
### 32.Heed the Noise in Performance Evaluations in Neural Architecture Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02078.pdf)
>  Neural Architecture Search (NAS) has recently become a topic of great interest. However, there is a potentially impactful issue within NAS that remains largely unrecognized: noise. Due to stochastic factors in neural network initialization, training, and the chosen train/validation dataset split, the performance evaluation of a neural network architecture, which is often based on a single learning run, is also stochastic. This may have a particularly large impact if a dataset is small. We therefore propose to reduce the noise by having architecture evaluations comprise averaging of scores over multiple network training runs using different random seeds and cross-validation. We perform experiments for a combinatorial optimization formulation of NAS in which we vary noise reduction levels. We use the same computational budget for each noise level in terms of network training runs, i.e., we allow less architecture evaluations when averaging over more training runs. Multiple search algorithms are considered, including evolutionary algorithms which generally perform well for NAS. We use two publicly available datasets from the medical image segmentation domain where datasets are often limited and variability among samples is often high. Our results show that reducing noise in architecture evaluations enables finding better architectures by all considered search algorithms.      
### 33.Equivariant Filter Design for Inertial Navigation Systems with Input Measurement Biases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02058.pdf)
>  Inertial Navigation Systems (INS) are a key technology for autonomous vehicles applications. Recent advances in estimation and filter design for the INS problem have exploited geometry and symmetry to overcome limitations of the classical Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) approach that formed the mainstay of INS systems since the mid-twentieth century. The industry standard INS filter, the Multiplicative Extended Kalman Filter (MEKF), uses a geometric construction for attitude estimation coupled with classical Euclidean construction for position, velocity and bias estimation. The recent Invariant Extended Kalman Filter (IEKF) provides a geometric framework for the full navigation states, integrating attitude, position and velocity, but still uses the classical Euclidean construction to model the bias states. In this paper, we use the recently proposed Equivariant Filter (EqF) framework to derive a novel observer for biased inertial-based navigation in a fully geometric framework. The introduction of virtual velocity inputs with associated virtual bias leads to a full equivariant symmetry on the augmented system. The resulting filter performance is evaluated with both simulated and real-world data, and demonstrates increased robustness to a wide range of erroneous initial conditions, and improved accuracy when compared with the industry standard Multiplicative EKF (MEKF) approach.      
### 34.Image-to-Image MLP-mixer for Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02018.pdf)
>  Neural networks are highly effective tools for image reconstruction problems such as denoising and compressive sensing. To date, neural networks for image reconstruction are almost exclusively convolutional. The most popular architecture is the U-Net, a convolutional network with a multi-resolution architecture. In this work, we show that a simple network based on the multi-layer perceptron (MLP)-mixer enables state-of-the art image reconstruction performance without convolutions and without a multi-resolution architecture, provided that the training set and the size of the network are moderately large. Similar to the original MLP-mixer, the image-to-image MLP-mixer is based exclusively on MLPs operating on linearly-transformed image patches. Contrary to the original MLP-mixer, we incorporate structure by retaining the relative positions of the image patches. This imposes an inductive bias towards natural images which enables the image-to-image MLP-mixer to learn to denoise images based on fewer examples than the original MLP-mixer. Moreover, the image-to-image MLP-mixer requires fewer parameters to achieve the same denoising performance than the U-Net and its parameters scale linearly in the image resolution instead of quadratically as for the original MLP-mixer. If trained on a moderate amount of examples for denoising, the image-to-image MLP-mixer outperforms the U-Net by a slight margin. It also outperforms the vision transformer tailored for image reconstruction and classical un-trained methods such as BM3D, making it a very effective tool for image reconstruction problems.      
### 35.Energy-Efficient High-Accuracy Spiking Neural Network Inference Using Time-Domain Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.02015.pdf)
>  Due to the limitations of realizing artificial neural networks on prevalent von Neumann architectures, recent studies have presented neuromorphic systems based on spiking neural networks (SNNs) to reduce power and computational cost. However, conventional analog voltage-domain integrate-and-fire (I&amp;F) neuron circuits, based on either current mirrors or op-amps, pose serious issues such as nonlinearity or high power consumption, thereby degrading either inference accuracy or energy efficiency of the SNN. To achieve excellent energy efficiency and high accuracy simultaneously, this paper presents a low-power highly linear time-domain I&amp;F neuron circuit. Designed and simulated in a 28nm CMOS process, the proposed neuron leads to more than 4.3x lower error rate on the MNIST inference over the conventional current-mirror-based neurons. In addition, the power consumed by the proposed neuron circuit is simulated to be 0.230uW per neuron, which is orders of magnitude lower than the existing voltage-domain neurons.      
### 36.Semi-Supervised Trajectory-Feedback Controller Synthesis for Signal Temporal Logic Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01997.pdf)
>  There are spatio-temporal rules that dictate how robots should operate in complex environments, e.g., road rules govern how (self-driving) vehicles should behave on the road. However, seamlessly incorporating such rules into a robot control policy remains challenging especially for real-time applications. In this work, given a desired spatio-temporal specification expressed in the Signal Temporal Logic (STL) language, we propose a semi-supervised controller synthesis technique that is attuned to human-like behaviors while satisfying desired STL specifications. Offline, we synthesize a trajectory-feedback neural network controller via an adversarial training scheme that summarizes past spatio-temporal behaviors when computing controls, and then online, we perform gradient steps to improve specification satisfaction. Central to the offline phase is an imitation-based regularization component that fosters better policy exploration and helps induce naturalistic human behaviors. Our experiments demonstrate that having imitation-based regularization leads to higher qualitative and quantitative performance compared to optimizing an STL objective only as done in prior work. We demonstrate the efficacy of our approach with an illustrative case study and show that our proposed controller outperforms a state-of-the-art shooting method in both performance and computation time.      
### 37.Multi-Output Gaussian Process-Based Data Augmentation for Multi-Building and Multi-Floor Indoor Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01980.pdf)
>  Location fingerprinting based on RSSI becomes a mainstream indoor localization technique due to its advantage of not requiring the installation of new infrastructure and the modification of existing devices, especially given the prevalence of Wi-Fi-enabled devices and the ubiquitous Wi-Fi access in modern buildings. The use of AI/ML technologies like DNNs makes location fingerprinting more accurate and reliable, especially for large-scale multi-building and multi-floor indoor localization. The application of DNNs for indoor localization, however, depends on a large amount of preprocessed and deliberately-labeled data for their training. Considering the difficulty of the data collection in an indoor environment, especially under the current epidemic situation of COVID-19, we investigate three different methods of RSSI data augmentation based on Multi-Output Gaussian Process (MOGP), i.e., by a single floor, by neighboring floors, and by a single building; unlike Single-Output Gaussian Process (SOGP), MOGP can take into account the correlation among RSSI observations from multiple Access Points (APs) deployed closely to each other (e.g., APs on the same floor of a building) by collectively handling them. The feasibility of the MOGP-based RSSI data augmentation is demonstrated through experiments based on the state-of-the-art RNN indoor localization model and the UJIIndoorLoc, i.e., the most popular publicly-available multi-building and multi-floor indoor localization database, where the RNN model trained with the UJIIndoorLoc database augmented by using the whole RSSI data of a building in fitting an MOGP model (i.e., by a single building) outperforms the other two augmentation methods as well as the RNN model trained with the original UJIIndoorLoc database, resulting in the mean three-dimensional positioning error of 8.42 m.      
### 38.A Novel Assistive Controller Based on Differential Geometry for Users of the Differential-Drive Wheeled Mobile Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01969.pdf)
>  Certain wheeled mobile robots e.g., electric wheelchairs, can operate through indirect joystick controls from users. Correct steering angle becomes essential when the user should determine the vehicle direction and velocity, in particular for differential wheeled vehicles since the vehicle velocity and direction are controlled with only two actuating wheels. This problem gets more challenging when complex curves should be realized by the user. A novel assistive controller with safety constraints is needed to address these problems. Also, the classic control methods mostly require the desired states beforehand which completely contradicts human's spontaneous decisions on the desired location to go. In this work, we develop a novel assistive control strategy based on differential geometry relying on only joystick inputs and vehicle states where the controller does not require any desired states. We begin with explaining the vehicle kinematics and our designed Darboux frame kinematics on a contact point of a virtual wheel and plane. Next, the geometric controller using the Darboux frame kinematics is designed for having smooth trajectories under certain safety constraints. We experiment our approach with different participants and evaluate its performance in various routes.      
### 39.Predictive Closed-Loop Service Automation in O-RAN based Network Slicing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01966.pdf)
>  Network slicing provides introduces customized and agile network deployment for managing different service types for various verticals under the same infrastructure. To cater to the dynamic service requirements of these verticals and meet the required quality-of-service (QoS) mentioned in the service-level agreement (SLA), network slices need to be isolated through dedicated elements and resources. Additionally, allocated resources to these slices need to be continuously monitored and intelligently managed. This enables immediate detection and correction of any SLA violation to support automated service assurance in a closed-loop fashion. By reducing human intervention, intelligent and closed-loop resource management reduces the cost of offering flexible services. Resource management in a network shared among verticals (potentially administered by different providers), would be further facilitated through open and standardized interfaces. Open radio access network (O-RAN) is perhaps the most promising RAN architecture that inherits all the aforementioned features, namely intelligence, open and standard interfaces, and closed control loop. Inspired by this, in this article we provide a closed-loop and intelligent resource provisioning scheme for O-RAN slicing to prevent SLA violations. In order to maintain realism, a real-world dataset of a large operator is used to train a learning solution for optimizing resource utilization in the proposed closed-loop service automation process. Moreover, the deployment architecture and the corresponding flow that are cognizant of the O-RAN requirements are also discussed.      
### 40.Dirty derivatives for output feedback stabilization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01941.pdf)
>  Dirty derivatives are routinely used in industrial settings, particularly in the implementation of the derivative term in PID control, and are especially appealing due to their noise-attenuation and model-free characteristics. In this paper, we provide a Lyapunov-based proof for the stability of linear time-invariant control systems in controller canonical form when utilizing dirty derivatives in place of observers for the purpose of output feedback. This is, to the best of the authors' knowledge, the first time that stability proofs are provided for the use of dirty derivatives in lieu of derivatives of different orders. In the spirit of adaptive control, we also show how dirty derivatives can be used for output feedback control when the control gain is unknown.      
### 41.A Machine Learning Smartphone-based Sensing for Driver Behavior Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01893.pdf)
>  Driver behavior profiling is one of the main issues in the insurance industries and fleet management, thus being able to classify the driver behavior with low-cost mobile applications remains in the spotlight of autonomous driving. However, using mobile sensors may face the challenge of security, privacy, and trust issues. To overcome those challenges, we propose to collect data sensors using Carla Simulator available in smartphones (Accelerometer, Gyroscope, GPS) in order to classify the driver behavior using speed, acceleration, direction, the 3-axis rotation angles (Yaw, Pitch, Roll) taking into account the speed limit of the current road and weather conditions to better identify the risky behavior. Secondly, after fusing inter-axial data from multiple sensors into a single file, we explore different machine learning algorithms for time series classification to evaluate which algorithm results in the highest performance.      
### 42.A Hybrid Physics Machine Learning Approach for Macroscopic Traffic State Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01888.pdf)
>  Full-field traffic state information (i.e., flow, speed, and density) is critical for the successful operation of Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) on freeways. However, incomplete traffic information tends to be directly collected from traffic detectors that are insufficiently installed in most areas, which is a major obstacle to the popularization of ITS. To tackle this issue, this paper introduces an innovative traffic state estimation (TSE) framework that hybrid regression machine learning techniques (e.g., artificial neural network (ANN), random forest (RF), and support vector machine (SVM)) with a traffic physics model (e.g., second-order macroscopic traffic flow model) using limited information from traffic sensors as inputs to construct accurate and full-field estimated traffic state for freeway systems. To examine the effectiveness of the proposed TSE framework, this paper conducted empirical studies on a real-world data set collected from a stretch of I-15 freeway in Salt Lake City, Utah. Experimental results show that the proposed method has been proved to estimate full-field traffic information accurately. Hence, the proposed method could provide accurate and full-field traffic information, thus providing the basis for the popularization of ITS.      
### 43.Data-Driven Optimal Control via Linear Transfer Operators: A Convex Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01856.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with data-driven optimal control of nonlinear systems. We present a convex formulation to the optimal control problem (OCP) with a discounted cost function. We consider OCP with both positive and negative discount factor. The convex approach relies on lifting nonlinear system dynamics in the space of densities using the linear Perron-Frobenius (P-F) operator. This lifting leads to an infinite-dimensional convex optimization formulation of the optimal control problem. The data-driven approximation of the optimization problem relies on the approximation of the Koopman operator using the polynomial basis function. We write the approximate finite-dimensional optimization problem as a polynomial optimization which is then solved efficiently using a sum-of-squares-based optimization framework. Simulation results are presented to demonstrate the efficacy of the developed data-driven optimal control framework.      
### 44.Self-supervised Learning with Random-projection Quantizer for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01855.pdf)
>  We present a simple and effective self-supervised learning approach for speech recognition. The approach learns a model to predict the masked speech signals, in the form of discrete labels generated with a random-projection quantizer. In particular the quantizer projects speech inputs with a randomly initialized matrix, and does a nearest-neighbor lookup in a randomly-initialized codebook. Neither the matrix nor the codebook is updated during self-supervised learning. Since the random-projection quantizer is not trained and is separated from the speech recognition model, the design makes the approach flexible and is compatible with universal speech recognition architecture. On LibriSpeech our approach achieves similar word-error-rates as previous work using self-supervised learning with non-streaming models, and provides lower word-error-rates and latency than wav2vec 2.0 and w2v-BERT with streaming models. On multilingual tasks the approach also provides significant improvement over wav2vec 2.0 and w2v-BERT.      
### 45.Robust Audio Anomaly Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01784.pdf)
>  We propose an outlier robust multivariate time series model which can be used for detecting previously unseen anomalous sounds based on noisy training data. The presented approach doesn't assume the presence of labeled anomalies in the training dataset and uses a novel deep neural network architecture to learn the temporal dynamics of the multivariate time series at multiple resolutions while being robust to contaminations in the training dataset. The temporal dynamics are modeled using recurrent layers augmented with attention mechanism. These recurrent layers are built on top of convolutional layers allowing the network to extract features at multiple resolutions. The output of the network is an outlier robust probability density function modeling the conditional probability of future samples given the time series history. State-of-the-art approaches using other multiresolution architectures are contrasted with our proposed approach. We validate our solution using publicly available machine sound datasets. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in anomaly detection by comparing against several state-of-the-art models.      
### 46.Communication-Efficient Distributed Multiple Testing for Large-Scale Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.13008.pdf)
>  The Benjamini-Hochberg (BH) procedure is a celebrated method for multiple testing with false discovery rate (FDR) control. In this paper, we consider large-scale distributed networks where each node possesses a large number of p-values and the goal is to achieve the global BH performance in a communication-efficient manner. We propose that every node performs a local test with an adjusted test size according to the (estimated) global proportion of true null hypotheses. With suitable assumptions, our method is asymptotically equivalent to the global BH procedure. Motivated by this, we develop an algorithm for star networks where each node only needs to transmit an estimate of the (local) proportion of nulls and the (local) number of p-values to the center node; the center node then broadcasts a parameter (computed based on the global estimate and test size) to the local nodes. In the experiment section, we utilize existing estimators of the proportion of true nulls and consider various settings to evaluate the performance and robustness of our method.      
