# ArXiv eess --Fri, 18 Feb 2022
### 1.Multi-Channel Speech Denoising for Machine Ears  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08793.pdf)
>  This work describes a speech denoising system for machine ears that aims to improve speech intelligibility and the overall listening experience in noisy environments. We recorded approximately 100 hours of audio data with reverberation and moderate environmental noise using a pair of microphone arrays placed around each of the two ears and then mixed sound recordings to simulate adverse acoustic scenes. Then, we trained a multi-channel speech denoising network (MCSDN) on the mixture of recordings. To improve the training, we employ an unsupervised method, complex angular central Gaussian mixture model (cACGMM), to acquire cleaner speech from noisy recordings to serve as the learning target. We propose a MCSDN-Beamforming-MCSDN framework in the inference stage. The results of the subjective evaluation show that the cACGMM improves the training data, resulting in better noise reduction and user preference, and the entire system improves the intelligibility and listening experience in noisy situations.      
### 2.Physical Layer Authentication for LEO Satellite Constellations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08757.pdf)
>  Physical layer authentication (PLA) is the process of claiming identity of a node based on its physical layer characteristics such as channel fading or hardware imperfections. In this work, we propose a novel PLA method for the inter-satellite communication links (ISLs) of the LEO satellites. In the proposed PLA method, multiple receiving satellites validate the identity of the transmitter by comparing the Doppler frequency measurements with the reference mobility information of the legitimate transmitter and then fuse their decision considering the selected decision rule. Analytical expressions are obtained for the spoofing detection probability and false alarm probability of the fusion methods. Numerically obtained high authentication performance results pave the way to a novel and easily integrable authentication mechanism for the LEO satellite networks.      
### 3.Multi-Fleet Platoon Matching: A Game-Theoretic Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08748.pdf)
>  We consider the platoon matching problem for a set of trucks with the same origin, but different destinations. It is assumed that the vehicles benefit from traveling in a platoon for instance through reduced fuel consumption. The vehicles belong to different fleet owners and their strategic interaction is modeled as a non-cooperative game where the vehicle actions are their departure times. Each truck has a preferred departure time and its utility function is defined as the difference between its benefit from platooning and the cost of deviating from its preferred departure time. We show that the platoon matching game is an exact potential game. An algorithm based on best response dynamics is proposed for finding a Nash equilibrium of the game. At a Nash equilibrium, vehicles with the same departure time are matched to form a platoon. Finally, the total fuel reduction at the Nash equilibrium is studied and compared with that of a cooperative matching solution where a common utility function for all vehicles is optimized.      
### 4.Designing a reliable and low-latency LoRaWAN solution for environmental monitoring in factories at major accident risk  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08742.pdf)
>  In this article, we propose a reliable and low-latency Long Range Wide Area Network (LoRaWAN) solution for environmental monitoring in factories at major accident risk (FMAR). In particular, a low power wearable device for sensing the toxic inflammable gases inside an industrial plant is designed with the purpose of avoiding peculiar risks and unwanted accidents to occur. Moreover, the detected data have to be urgently and reliably delivered to remote server to trigger preventive immediate actions so as to improve the machine operation. In these settings, LoRaWAN has been identified as the most proper communications technology to the needs owing to the availability of off the shelf devices and software. Hence, we assess the technological limits of LoRaWAN in terms of latency and reliability and we propose a fully LoRaWAN compliant solution to overcome these limits. The proposed solution envisages coordinated end device (ED) transmissions through the use of Downlink Control Packets (DCPs). Experimental results validate the proposed method in terms of service requirements for the considered FMAR scenario.      
### 5.Real-Time Cross-Fleet Pareto-Improving Truck Platoon Coordination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08724.pdf)
>  This paper studies a multi-fleet platoon coordination system in transport networks that deploy hubs to form trucks into platoons. The trucks belong to different fleets that are interested in increasing their profits by platooning across fleets. The profit of each fleet incorporates platooning rewards and costs for waiting at hubs. Each truck has a fixed route and a waiting time budget to spend at the hubs along its route. To ensure that all fleets are willing to participate in the system, we develop a cross-fleet Pareto-improving coordination strategy that guarantees higher fleet profits than a coordination strategy without cross-fleet platoons. By leveraging multiple hubs for platoon formation, the coordination strategy can be implemented in a real-time and distributed fashion while largely reducing the amount of travel information to be shared for system-wide coordination. We evaluate the proposed strategy in a simulation study over the Swedish transportation network. The cross-fleet platooning strategy significantly improves fleets' profits compared with single-fleet platooning, especially the profits from smaller fleets. The cross-fleet platooning strategy also shows strong competitiveness in terms of the system-wide profit compared to the case when a system planner optimizes all fleets' total profit.      
### 6.Game Theoretic Models for Profit-Sharing in Multi-fleet Platoons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08721.pdf)
>  Profit-sharing is needed within platoons in order for competing transportation companies to collaborate in forming platoons. In this paper, we propose distribution models of the profit designed for vehicles that are located at the same origin and are operated by competing transportation companies. The vehicles have default departure times, but can decide to depart at other times in order to benefit from platooning. We model the strategic interaction among vehicles with game theory and consider pure Nash equilibria as the solution concept. In a numerical evaluation we compare the outcomes of the games associated with different distribution models of the profit.      
### 7.Sampling and Reconstructing Angular Domains with Uniform Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08710.pdf)
>  The surge of massive antenna arrays in wireless networks calls for the adoption of analog/hybrid array solutions, where multiple antenna elements are driven by a common radio front end to form a beam along a specific angle in order to maximize the beamforming gain. Many heuristics have been proposed to sample the angular domain by trading off between sampling overhead and angular scanning step size, where arbitrarily small angular step size is only attainable with infinite sampling overhead. In this work we show that, for uniform linear and rectangular arrays, loss-less reconstruction of the array's angular response at arbitrary angular precision is possible using finite number of samples without resorting to assumptions of angular sparsity. The proposed method, sampling and reconstructing angular domain (SARA), defines how many and which angles to be sampled and the corresponding reconstruction. This general solution to scan the angular domain can therefore be applied not only to beam acquisition and channel estimation, but also to radio imaging techniques, making it a candidate for future integrated sensing and communications (ISAC). We evaluate our proposal by numerical evaluations, which provide clear advantages versus the other considered baselines both in terms of angular reconstruction performance and computational complexity.      
### 8.Enabling sub-THz Cloud RANs: Distributed Machine-Learning for Early HARQ Feedback Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08706.pdf)
>  We propose novel HARQ prediction schemes for Cloud RANs (C-RANs) that use feedback over a rate-limited feedback channel (4 and 8 bits) from the Remote Radio Heads (RRHs) to predict at the User Equipment (UE) the decoding outcome at the BaseBand Unit (BBU) ahead of actual decoding. In particular, we propose a novel dual-input denoising autoencoder that is trained in a joint end-to-end fashion over the whole C-RAN setup. In realistic link-level simulations at 100 GHz in the sub-THz band, we show that a combination of the novel dual-input denoising autoencoder and state-of-the-art SNR-based HARQ feedback prediction achieves the overall best performance in all scenarios compared to other proposed and state-of-the-art single prediction schemes. At very low target error rates down to $1.6 \cdot 10^{-5}$, this combined approach reduces the number of required transmission rounds by up to 50\% compared to always transmitting all redundancy.      
### 9.Robust Frequency Constrained UC Using Data Driven Logistic Regression for Island Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08703.pdf)
>  In the current practice of short-term power scheduling, online power reserves are used to address generation mismatches and contingencies. Neither online inertia nor the speed of the committed units is considered in the scheduling process. With the increasing injection of uncertain renewable energy sources, this practice is starting to fall short especially in island power systems, where the primary frequency response is already scarce, and any contingency leads to potentially poor frequency response. This paper introduces a data driven linear constraint to improve the post-fault frequency quality in island power systems. A coherent initial data-set is obtained by simulating the system frequency response of single outages. Then logistic regression is employed as a predictive analytic procedure to differentiate the acceptable and unacceptable incidents. To compare the conventional methods with the proposed approach and also to handle the uncertain nature of renewable energy generation, an adaptive robust unit commitment formulation is utilized. Results for the island power system of La Palma show that depending on the chosen cut-point on the logistic regression estimation the proposed method can improve the frequency response quality of the system while reducing the operation costs.      
### 10.A Two-stage U-Net for high-fidelity denoising of historical recordings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08702.pdf)
>  Enhancing the sound quality of historical music recordings is a long-standing problem. This paper presents a novel denoising method based on a fully-convolutional deep neural network. A two-stage U-Net model architecture is designed to model and suppress the degradations with high fidelity. The method processes the time-frequency representation of audio, and is trained using realistic noisy data to jointly remove hiss, clicks, thumps, and other common additive disturbances from old analog discs. The proposed model outperforms previous methods in both objective and subjective metrics. The results of a formal blind listening test show that real gramophone recordings denoised with this method have significantly better quality than the baseline methods. This study shows the importance of realistic training data and the power of deep learning in audio restoration.      
### 11.End-to-end Neuron Instance Segmentation based on Weakly Supervised Efficient UNet and Morphological Post-processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08682.pdf)
>  Recent studies have demonstrated the superiority of deep learning in medical image analysis, especially in cell instance segmentation, a fundamental step for many biological studies. However, the good performance of the neural networks requires training on large unbiased dataset and annotations, which is labor-intensive and expertise-demanding. In this paper, we present an end-to-end weakly-supervised framework to automatically detect and segment NeuN stained neuronal cells on histological images using only point annotations. We integrate the state-of-the-art network, EfficientNet, into our U-Net-like architecture. Validation results show the superiority of our model compared to other recent methods. In addition, we investigated multiple post-processing schemes and proposed an original strategy to convert the probability map into segmented instances using ultimate erosion and dynamic reconstruction. This approach is easy to configure and outperforms other classical post-processing techniques.      
### 12.Synthetic data for unsupervised polyp segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08680.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown excellent performance in analysing medical images. However, datasets are difficult to obtain due privacy issues, standardization problems, and lack of annotations. We address these problems by producing realistic synthetic images using a combination of 3D technologies and generative adversarial networks. We use zero annotations from medical professionals in our pipeline. Our fully unsupervised method achieves promising results on five real polyp segmentation datasets. As a part of this study we release Synth-Colon, an entirely synthetic dataset that includes 20000 realistic colon images and additional details about depth and 3D geometry: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://enric1994.github.io/synth-colon" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Bode-based speed Proportional Integral and notch filter tuning of a Permanent Magnet Synchronous Machine driven flexible system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08648.pdf)
>  A resonance and an antiresonance peak characterize many industrial mechanisms dynamics driven by a Permanent Magnet Synchronous Motor (PMSM). The presence of the resonance peak can lead to vibrations and instability of the system. On that account, advanced methods exist to tune the speed Proportional Integral (PI) controller based on adaptive or fuzzy theory. However, those methods require expertise in control theory and are not available in commercial drives. For that, this paper proposes a Bode-based method for PI parameters selection in combination with a notch filter that can be easily set in any industrial drive. The proposed method is compared with conventional tuning methods in a physical setup.      
### 14.Augmentation of Generalized Multivariable Grid-Forming Control for Power Converters with Cascaded Controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08639.pdf)
>  The classic design of grid-forming control strategies for power converters rely on the stringent assumption of the timescale separation between DC and AC states and their corresponding control loops, e.g., AC and DC loops, power and cascaded voltage and current loops, etc. This paper proposes a multi-input multi-output based grid-forming (MIMO-GFM) control for the power converters using a multivariable feedback structure. First, the MIMO-GFM control couples the AC and DC loops by a general multivariable control transfer matrix. Then, the parameters design is transformed into a standard fixed-structure H-infinity synthesis. By this way, all the loops can be tuned simultaneously and optimally without relying on the assumptions of loop decoupling. Therefore, a superior and robust performance can be achieved. Experimental results verify the proposed method.      
### 15.Accelerated iterative tomographic reconstruction with x-ray edge illumination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08627.pdf)
>  Compared to standard tomographic reconstruction, iterative approaches offer the possibility to account for extraneous experimental influences, which allows for a suppression of related artifacts. However, the inclusion of corresponding parameters in the iterative forward model typically leads to longer computation times. Here, we demonstrate experimentally for phase sensitive X-ray imaging based on the edge illumination principle that inadequately sampled illumination curves result in ring artifacts in tomographic reconstructions. We take advantage of appropriately sampled illumination curves instead, which enables us to eliminate the corresponding parameter from the forward model and substantially increase computational speed. In addition, we demonstrate a 30\% improvement in spatial resolution of the iterative approach compared with the standard non-iterative single shot approach. Further, we report on several significant improvements in our numerical implementation of the iterative approach, which we make available online with this publication. Finally, we show that the combination of both experimental and algorithmic advancement lead to a total speed increase by one order of magnitude and an improved contrast to noise ratio in the reconstructions.      
### 16.Deep VQA based on a Novel Hybrid Training Methodology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08595.pdf)
>  In recent years, deep learning techniques have been widely applied to video quality assessment (VQA), showing significant potential to achieve higher correlation performance with subjective opinions compared to conventional approaches. However, these methods are often developed based on limited training materials and evaluated through cross validation, due to the lack of large scale subjective databases. In this context, this paper proposes a new hybrid training methodology, which generates large volumes of training data by using quality indices from an existing perceptual quality metric, VMAF, as training targets, instead of actual subjective opinion scores. An additional shallow CNN is also employed for temporal pooling, which was trained based on a small subjective video database. The resulting Deep Video Quality Metric (based on Hybrid Training), DVQM-HT, has been fully tested on eight HD subjective video databases, and consistently exhibits higher correlation with perceptual quality compared to other deep quality assessment methods, with an average SROCC value of 0.8263.      
### 17.Anatomically Parameterized Statistical Shape Model: Explaining Morphometry through Statistical Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08580.pdf)
>  Statistical shape models (SSMs) are a popular tool to conduct morphological analysis of anatomical structures which is a crucial step in clinical practices. However, shape representations through SSMs are based on shape coefficients and lack an explicit one-to-one relationship with anatomical measures of clinical relevance. While a shape coefficient embeds a combination of anatomical measures, a formalized approach to find the relationship between them remains elusive in the literature. This limits the use of SSMs to subjective evaluations in clinical practices. We propose a novel SSM controlled by anatomical parameters derived from morphometric analysis. The proposed anatomically parameterized SSM (ANAT-SSM) is based on learning a linear mapping between shape coefficients and selected anatomical parameters. This mapping is learned from a synthetic population generated by the standard SSM. Determining the pseudo-inverse of the mapping allows us to build the ANAT-SSM. We further impose orthogonality constraints to the anatomical parameterization to obtain independent shape variation patterns. The proposed contribution was evaluated on two skeletal databases of femoral and scapular bone shapes using clinically relevant anatomical parameters. Anatomical measures of the synthetically generated shapes exhibited realistic statistics. The learned matrices corroborated well with the obtained statistical relationship, while the two SSMs achieved moderate to excellent performance in predicting anatomical parameters on unseen shapes. This study demonstrates the use of anatomical representation for creating anatomically parameterized SSM and as a result, removes the limited clinical interpretability of standard SSMs. The proposed models could help analyze differences in relevant bone morphometry between populations, and be integrated in patient-specific pre-surgery planning or in-surgery assessment.      
### 18.EBHI:A New Enteroscope Biopsy Histopathological H&amp;E Image Dataset for Image Classification Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08552.pdf)
>  Background and purpose: Colorectal cancer has become the third most common cancer worldwide, accounting for approximately 10% of cancer patients. Early detection of the disease is important for the treatment of colorectal cancer patients. Histopathological examination is the gold standard for screening colorectal cancer. However, the current lack of histopathological image datasets of colorectal cancer, especially enteroscope biopsies, hinders the accurate evaluation of computer-aided diagnosis techniques. Methods: A new publicly available Enteroscope Biopsy Histopathological H&amp;E Image Dataset (EBHI) is published in this paper. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the EBHI dataset, we have utilized several machine learning, convolutional neural networks and novel transformer-based classifiers for experimentation and evaluation, using an image with a magnification of 200x. Results: Experimental results show that the deep learning method performs well on the EBHI dataset. Traditional machine learning methods achieve maximum accuracy of 76.02% and deep learning method achieves a maximum accuracy of 95.37%. Conclusion: To the best of our knowledge, EBHI is the first publicly available colorectal histopathology enteroscope biopsy dataset with four magnifications and five types of images of tumor differentiation stages, totaling 5532 images. We believe that EBHI could attract researchers to explore new classification algorithms for the automated diagnosis of colorectal cancer, which could help physicians and patients in clinical settings.      
### 19.An overview of deep learning in medical imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08546.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) has seen enormous consideration during the most recent decade. This success started in 2012 when an ML model accomplished a remarkable triumph in the ImageNet Classification, the world's most famous competition for computer vision. This model was a kind of convolutional neural system (CNN) called deep learning (DL). Since then, researchers have started to participate efficiently in DL's fastest developing area of research. These days, DL systems are cutting-edge ML systems spanning a broad range of disciplines, from human language processing to video analysis, and commonly used in the scholarly world and enterprise sector. Recent advances can bring tremendous improvement to the medical field. Improved and innovative methods for data processing, image analysis and can significantly improve the diagnostic technologies and medicinal services gradually. A quick review of current developments with relevant problems in the field of DL used for medical imaging has been provided. The primary purposes of the review are four: (i) provide a brief prolog to DL by discussing different DL models, (ii) review of the DL usage for medical image analysis (classification, detection, segmentation, and registration), (iii) review seven main application fields of DL in medical imaging, (iv) give an initial stage to those keen on adding to the research area about DL in clinical imaging by providing links of some useful informative assets, such as freely available DL codes, public datasets Table 7, and medical imaging competition sources Table 8 and end our survey by outlining distinct continuous difficulties, lessons learned and future of DL in the field of medical science.      
### 20.Resilience-Motivated Distribution System Restoration Considering Electricity-Water-Gas Interdependency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08543.pdf)
>  A major outage in the electricity distribution system may affect the operation of water and natural gas supply systems, leading to an interruption of multiple services to critical customers. Therefore, enhancing resilience of critical infrastructures requires joint efforts of multiple sectors. In this paper, a distribution system service restoration method considering the electricity-water-gas interdependency is proposed. The objective is to provide electricity, water, and natural gas supplies to critical customers in the desired ratio according to their needs after an extreme event. The operational constraints of electricity, water, and natural gas networks are considered. The characteristics of electricity-driven coupling components, including water pumps and gas compressors, are also modeled. Relaxation techniques are applied to nonconvex constraints posed by physical laws of those networks. Consequently, the restoration problem is formulated as a mixed-integer second-order cone program, which can readily be solved by the off-the-shelf solvers. The proposed method is validated by numerical simulations on electricity-water-gas integrated systems, developed based on benchmark models of the subsystems. The results indicate that considering the interdependency refines the allocation of limited generation resources and demonstrate the exactness of the proposed convex relaxation.      
### 21.Mitigating Closed-model Adversarial Examples with Bayesian Neural Modeling for Enhanced End-to-End Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08532.pdf)
>  In this work, we aim to enhance the system robustness of end-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR) against adversarially-noisy speech examples. We focus on a rigorous and empirical "closed-model adversarial robustness" setting (e.g., on-device or cloud applications). The adversarial noise is only generated by closed-model optimization (e.g., evolutionary and zeroth-order estimation) without accessing gradient information of a targeted ASR model directly. We propose an advanced Bayesian neural network (BNN) based adversarial detector, which could model latent distributions against adaptive adversarial perturbation with divergence measurement. We further simulate deployment scenarios of RNN Transducer, Conformer, and wav2vec-2.0 based ASR systems with the proposed adversarial detection system. Leveraging the proposed BNN based detection system, we improve detection rate by +2.77 to +5.42% (relative +3.03 to +6.26%) and reduce the word error rate by 5.02 to 7.47% on LibriSpeech datasets compared to the current model enhancement methods against the adversarial speech examples.      
### 22.End-to-end Music Remastering System Using Self-supervised and Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08520.pdf)
>  Mastering is an essential step in music production, but it is also a challenging task that has to go through the hands of experienced audio engineers, where they adjust tone, space, and volume of a song. Remastering follows the same technical process, in which the context lies in mastering a song for the times. As these tasks have high entry barriers, we aim to lower the barriers by proposing an end-to-end music remastering system that transforms the mastering style of input audio to that of the target. The system is trained in a self-supervised manner, in which released pop songs were used for training. We also anticipated the model to generate realistic audio reflecting the reference's mastering style by applying a pre-trained encoder and a projection discriminator. We validate our results with quantitative metrics and a subjective listening test and show that the model generated samples of mastering style similar to the target.      
### 23.A hybrid 2-stage vision transformer for AI-assisted 5 class pathologic diagnosis of gastric endoscopic biopsies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08510.pdf)
>  Gastric endoscopic screening is an effective way to decide appropriate gastric cancer (GC) treatment at an early stage, reducing GC-associated mortality rate. Although artificial intelligence (AI) has brought a great promise to assist pathologist to screen digitalized whole slide images, automatic classification systems for guiding proper GC treatment based on clinical guideline are still lacking. Here, we propose an AI system classifying 5 classes of GC histology, which can be perfectly matched to general treatment guidance. The AI system, mimicking the way pathologist understand slides through multi-scale self-attention mechanism using a 2-stage Vision Transformer, demonstrates clinical capability by achieving diagnostic sensitivity of above 85% for both internal and external cohort analysis. Furthermore, AI-assisted pathologists showed significantly improved diagnostic sensitivity by 10% within 18% saved screening time compared to human pathologists. Our AI system has a great potential for providing presumptive pathologic opinion for deciding proper treatment for early GC patients.      
### 24.Non-Autoregressive ASR with Self-Conditioned Folded Encoders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08474.pdf)
>  This paper proposes CTC-based non-autoregressive ASR with self-conditioned folded encoders. The proposed method realizes non-autoregressive ASR with fewer parameters by folding the conventional stack of encoders into only two blocks; base encoders and folded encoders. The base encoders convert the input audio features into a neural representation suitable for recognition. This is followed by the folded encoders applied repeatedly for further refinement. Applying the CTC loss to the outputs of all encoders enforces the consistency of the input-output relationship. Thus, folded encoders learn to perform the same operations as an encoder with deeper distinct layers. In experiments, we investigate how to set the number of layers and the number of iterations for the base and folded encoders. The results show that the proposed method achieves a performance comparable to that of the conventional method using only 38% as many parameters. Furthermore, it outperforms the conventional method when increasing the number of iterations.      
### 25.Acoustic Event Detection with Classifier Chains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08470.pdf)
>  This paper proposes acoustic event detection (AED) with classifier chains, a new classifier based on the probabilistic chain rule. The proposed AED with classifier chains consists of a gated recurrent unit and performs iterative binary detection of each event one by one. In each iteration, the event's activity is estimated and used to condition the next output based on the probabilistic chain rule to form classifier chains. Therefore, the proposed method can handle the interdependence among events upon classification, while the conventional AED methods with multiple binary classifiers with a linear layer and sigmoid function have placed an assumption of conditional independence. In the experiments with a real-recording dataset, the proposed method demonstrates its superior AED performance to a relative 14.80% improvement compared to a convolutional recurrent neural network baseline system with the multiple binary classifiers.      
### 26.Wearable SELD dataset: Dataset for sound event localization and detection using wearable devices around head  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08458.pdf)
>  Sound event localization and detection (SELD) is a combined task of identifying the sound event and its direction. Deep neural networks (DNNs) are utilized to associate them with the sound signals observed by a microphone array. Although ambisonic microphones are popular in the literature of SELD, they might limit the range of applications due to their predetermined geometry. Some applications (including those for pedestrians that perform SELD while walking) require a wearable microphone array whose geometry can be designed to suit the task. In this paper, for the development of such a wearable SELD, we propose a dataset named Wearable SELD dataset. It consists of data recorded by 24 microphones placed on a head and torso simulators (HATS) with some accessories mimicking wearable devices (glasses, earphones, and headphones). We also provide experimental results of SELD using the proposed dataset and SELDNet to investigate the effect of microphone configuration.      
### 27.MLP-ASR: Sequence-length agnostic all-MLP architectures for speech recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08456.pdf)
>  We propose multi-layer perceptron (MLP)-based architectures suitable for variable length input. MLP-based architectures, recently proposed for image classification, can only be used for inputs of a fixed, pre-defined size. However, many types of data are naturally variable in length, for example, acoustic signals. We propose three approaches to extend MLP-based architectures for use with sequences of arbitrary length. The first one uses a circular convolution applied in the Fourier domain, the second applies a depthwise convolution, and the final relies on a shift operation. We evaluate the proposed architectures on an automatic speech recognition task with the Librispeech and Tedlium2 corpora. The best proposed MLP-based architectures improves WER by 1.0 / 0.9%, 0.9 / 0.5% on Librispeech dev-clean/dev-other, test-clean/test-other set, and 0.8 / 1.1% on Tedlium2 dev/test set using 86.4% the size of self-attention-based architecture.      
### 28.FM Band Channel Measurements and Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08448.pdf)
>  As FM coverage is so ubiquitous around the world, several applications can be considered to better exploit this useful band. Thus, it is of significant interest to investigate and characterize channel properties of the FM Band for the potential two-way digital wireless systems. In this paper, we present the results of field measurements at 86 MHz conducted at Gebze, Kocaeli, Turkey. Through the measurements, some of the FM channel characteristics are identified. Measurements are performed for urban, hilly terrain, and rural areas. Our results show that the FM channel expectedly has a large coverage area but at the same time, it possesses large channel excess delays. While most of COST-207 channel power delay profile models are also applicable for the FM Band, for urban environments and hilly terrain environments, channel clusters and excess delays are higher than those of COST-207 models. As 5G systems aim to utilize lower frequency bands for supplementary links, FM Band can be considered as one of the potential bands and the channel models proposed in this study can then be exploited for performance analysis.      
### 29.Visual attention analysis of pathologists examining whole slide images of Prostate cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08437.pdf)
>  We study the attention of pathologists as they examine whole-slide images (WSIs) of prostate cancer tissue using a digital microscope. To the best of our knowledge, our study is the first to report in detail how pathologists navigate WSIs of prostate cancer as they accumulate information for their diagnoses. We collected slide navigation data (i.e., viewport location, magnification level, and time) from 13 pathologists in 2 groups (5 genitourinary (GU) specialists and 8 general pathologists) and generated visual attention heatmaps and scanpaths. Each pathologist examined five WSIs from the TCGA PRAD dataset, which were selected by a GU pathology specialist. We examined and analyzed the distributions of visual attention for each group of pathologists after each WSI was examined. To quantify the relationship between a pathologist's attention and evidence for cancer in the WSI, we obtained tumor annotations from a genitourinary specialist. We used these annotations to compute the overlap between the distribution of visual attention and annotated tumor region to identify strong correlations. Motivated by this analysis, we trained a deep learning model to predict visual attention on unseen WSIs. We find that the attention heatmaps predicted by our model correlate quite well with the ground truth attention heatmap and tumor annotations on a test set of 17 WSIs by using various spatial and temporal evaluation metrics.      
### 30.Energy Efficiency Tradeoffs for Sub-THz Multi-User MIMO Base Station Receivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08331.pdf)
>  Sub-terahertz (sub-THz) antenna array architectures significantly impact power usage and communications capacity in multi-user multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) systems. In this work, we compare the energy efficiency and spectral efficiency of three MU-MIMO capable array architectures for base station receivers. We provide a sub-THz circuits power analysis, based on our review of state-of-the-art D-band and G-band components, and compare communications capabilities through wideband simulations. Our analysis reveals that digital arrays can provide the highest spectral efficiency and energy efficiency, due to the high power consumption of sub-THz active phase shifters or when SNR and system spectral efficiency requirements are high.      
### 31.CortexODE: Learning Cortical Surface Reconstruction by Neural ODEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08329.pdf)
>  We present CortexODE, a deep learning framework for cortical surface reconstruction. CortexODE leverages neural ordinary different equations (ODEs) to deform an input surface into a target shape by learning a diffeomorphic flow. The trajectories of the points on the surface are modeled as ODEs, where the derivatives of their coordinates are parameterized via a learnable Lipschitz-continuous deformation network. This provides theoretical guarantees for the prevention of self-intersections. CortexODE can be integrated to an automatic learning-based pipeline, which reconstructs cortical surfaces efficiently in less than 6 seconds. The pipeline utilizes a 3D U-Net to predict a white matter segmentation from brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans, and further generates a signed distance function that represents an initial surface. Fast topology correction is introduced to guarantee homeomorphism to a sphere. Following the isosurface extraction step, two CortexODE models are trained to deform the initial surface to white matter and pial surfaces respectively. The proposed pipeline is evaluated on large-scale neuroimage datasets in various age groups including neonates (25-45 weeks), young adults (22-36 years) and elderly subjects (55-90 years). Our experiments demonstrate that the CortexODE-based pipeline can achieve less than 0.2mm average geometric error while being orders of magnitude faster compared to conventional processing pipelines.      
### 32.Phase Aberration Robust Beamformer for Planewave US Using Self-Supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08262.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) is widely used for clinical imaging applications thanks to its real-time and non-invasive nature. However, its lesion detectability is often limited in many applications due to the phase aberration artefact caused by variations in the speed of sound (SoS) within body parts. To address this, here we propose a novel self-supervised 3D CNN that enables phase aberration robust plane-wave imaging. Instead of aiming at estimating the SoS distribution as in conventional methods, our approach is unique in that the network is trained in a self-supervised manner to robustly generate a high-quality image from various phase aberrated images by modeling the variation in the speed of sound as stochastic. Experimental results using real measurements from tissue-mimicking phantom and \textit{in vivo} scans confirmed that the proposed method can significantly reduce the phase aberration artifacts and improve the visual quality of deep scans.      
### 33.Low-Rank Phase Retrieval with Structured Tensor Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08260.pdf)
>  We study the low-rank phase retrieval problem, where the objective is to recover a sequence of signals (typically images) given the magnitude of linear measurements of those signals. Existing solutions involve recovering a matrix constructed by vectorizing and stacking each image. These algorithms model this matrix to be low-rank and leverage the low-rank property to decrease the sample complexity required for accurate recovery. However, when the number of available measurements is more limited, these low-rank matrix models can often fail. We propose an algorithm called Tucker-Structured Phase Retrieval (TSPR) that models the sequence of images as a tensor rather than a matrix that we factorize using the Tucker decomposition. This factorization reduces the number of parameters that need to be estimated, allowing for a more accurate reconstruction in the under-sampled regime. Interestingly, we observe that this structure also has improved performance in the over-determined setting when the Tucker ranks are chosen appropriately. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on real video datasets under several different measurement models.      
### 34.A Wavelet-based Dual-stream Network for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08758.pdf)
>  We present a wavelet-based dual-stream network that addresses color cast and blurry details in underwater images. We handle these artifacts separately by decomposing an input image into multiple frequency bands using discrete wavelet transform, which generates the downsampled structure image and detail images. These sub-band images are used as input to our dual-stream network that incorporates two sub-networks: the multi-color space fusion network and the detail enhancement network. The multi-color space fusion network takes the decomposed structure image as input and estimates the color corrected output by employing the feature representations from diverse color spaces of the input. The detail enhancement network addresses the blurriness of the original underwater image by improving the image details from high-frequency sub-bands. We validate the proposed method on both real-world and synthetic underwater datasets and show the effectiveness of our model in color correction and blur removal with low computational complexity.      
### 35.Level set based particle filter driven by optical flow: an application to track the salt boundary from X-ray CT time-series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08717.pdf)
>  Image-based computational fluid dynamics have long played an important role in leveraging knowledge and understanding of several physical phenomena. In particular, probabilistic computational methods have opened the way to modelling the complex dynamics of systems in purely random turbulent motion. In the field of structural geology, a better understanding of the deformation and stress state both within the salt and the surrounding rocks is of great interest to characterize all kinds of subsurface long-terms energy-storage systems. The objective of this research is to determine the non-linear deformation of the salt boundary over time using a parallelized, stochastic filtering approach from x-ray computed tomography (CT) image time series depicting the evolution of salt structures triggered by gravity and under differential loading. This work represents a first step towards bringing together physical modeling and advanced stochastic image processing methods where model uncertainty is taken into account.      
### 36.Error Correction for Reliable Quantum Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08599.pdf)
>  Quantum computers herald the arrival of a new era in which previously intractable computational problems will be solved efficiently. However, quantum technology is held down by decoherence, a phenomenon that is omnipresent in the quantum paradigm and that renders quantum information useless when left unchecked. The science of quantum error correction, a discipline that seeks to combine and protect quantum information from the effects of decoherence using structures known as codes, has arisen to meet this challenge. Stabilizer codes, a particular subclass of quantum codes, have enabled fast progress in the field of quantum error correction by allowing parallels to be drawn with the widely studied field of classical error correction. This has resulted in the construction of the quantum counterparts of well-known capacity-approaching classical codes like sparse codes and quantum turbo codes. However, quantum codes obtained in this manner do not entirely evoke the stupendous error correcting abilities of their classical counterparts. This occurs because classical strategies ignore important differences between the quantum and classical paradigms, an issue that needs to be addressed if quantum error correction is to succeed in its battle with decoherence. In this dissertation we study a phenomenon exclusive to the quantum paradigm, known as degeneracy, and its effects on the performance of sparse quantum codes. Furthermore, we also analyze and present methods to improve the performance of a specific family of sparse quantum codes in various different scenarios.      
### 37.Two-dimensional structure functions to characterize convective rolls in the marine atmospheric boundary layer from Sentinel-1 SAR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08538.pdf)
>  We study the shape of convective rolls in the Marine Atmospheric Boundary Layer from Synthetic Aperture Radar images of the ocean. We propose a multiscale analysis with structure functions which allow an easy generalization to analyse high-order statistics and so to finely describe the shape of the rolls. The two main results are : 1) second order structure function characterizes the size and direction of rolls just like correlation or power spectrum do, 2) high order statistics can be studied with skewness and Flatness which characterize the asymmetry and intermittency of rolls respectively. From the best of our knowledge, this is the first time that the asymmetry and intermittency of rolls is shown from radar images of the ocean surface.      
### 38.Performance of Hybrid THz and Multi-Antenna RF System with Diversity Combining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08515.pdf)
>  Recent studies investigate single-antenna radio frequency (RF) systems mixed with terahertz (THz) wireless communications. This paper considers a two-tier system of THz for backhaul and multiple-antenna assisted RF for the access network. We analyze the system performance by employing both selection combining (SC) and maximal ratio combining (MRC) receivers for the RF link integrated with the THz using the fixed-gain amplify and forward (AF) protocol. We develop the probability density function (PDF) and cumulative distribution function (CDF) of the end-to-end signal-to-noise (SNR) of the dual-hop system over independent and non-identically distributed (i.ni.d.) $\alpha$-$\mu$ fading channels with a statistical model for misalignment errors in the THz wireless link. We use the derived statistical results to develop analytical expressions of the outage probability, average bit error rate (BER), and ergodic capacity for the performance assessment of the considered system. We develop diversity order of the system using asymptotic analysis in the high SNR region, demonstrating the scaling of system performance with the number of antennas. We use computer simulations to show the effect of system and channel parameters on the performance of the hybrid THz-RF link with multi-antenna diversity schemes.      
### 39.A Study of Designing Compact Audio-Visual Wake Word Spotting System Based on Iterative Fine-Tuning in Neural Network Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08509.pdf)
>  Audio-only-based wake word spotting (WWS) is challenging under noisy conditions due to environmental interference in signal transmission. In this paper, we investigate on designing a compact audio-visual WWS system by utilizing visual information to alleviate the degradation. Specifically, in order to use visual information, we first encode the detected lips to fixed-size vectors with MobileNet and concatenate them with acoustic features followed by the fusion network for WWS. However, the audio-visual model based on neural networks requires a large footprint and a high computational complexity. To meet the application requirements, we introduce a neural network pruning strategy via the lottery ticket hypothesis in an iterative fine-tuning manner (LTH-IF), to the single-modal and multi-modal models, respectively. Tested on our in-house corpus for audio-visual WWS in a home TV scene, the proposed audio-visual system achieves significant performance improvements over the single-modality (audio-only or video-only) system under different noisy conditions. Moreover, LTH-IF pruning can largely reduce the network parameters and computations with no degradation of WWS performance, leading to a potential product solution for the TV wake-up scenario.      
### 40.Schedule-based Analysis of Transmission Risk in Public Transportation Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08505.pdf)
>  Airborne diseases, including COVID-19, raise the question of transmission risk in public transportation systems. However, quantitative analysis of the effectiveness of transmission risk mitigation methods in public transportation is lacking. The paper develops a transmission risk modeling framework based on the Wells-Riley model using as inputs transit operating characteristics, schedule, Origin-Destination (OD) demand, and virus characteristics. The model is sensitive to various factors that operators can control, as well as external factors that may be subject of broader policy decisions (e.g. mask wearing). The model is utilized to assess transmission risk as a function of OD flows, planned operations, and factors such as mask-wearing, ventilation, and infection rates. Using actual data from the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (MBTA) Red Line, the paper explores the transmission risk under different infection rate scenarios, both in magnitude and spatial characteristics. The paper assesses the combined impact from viral load related factors and passenger load factors. Increasing frequency can mitigate transmission risk, but cannot fully compensate for increases in infection rates. Imbalanced passenger distribution on different cars of a train is shown to increase the overall system-wide infection probability. Spatial infection rate patterns should also be taken into account during policymaking as it is shown to impact transmission risk. For lines with branches, demand distribution among the branches is important and headway allocation adjustment among branches to balance the load on trains to different branches can help reduce risk.      
### 41.Energy-Efficient UAV Communications: A Generalised Propulsion Energy Consumption Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08486.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a generalised propulsion energy consumption model (PECM) for rotary-wing ummanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) under the consideration of the practical thrust-to-weight ratio (TWR) with respect to the velocity, acceleration and direction change of the UAVs. To verify the effectiveness of the proposed PECM, we consider a UAV-enabled communication system, where a rotary-wing UAV serves multiple ground users as an aerial base station. We aim to maximize the energy efficiency (EE) of the UAV by jointly optimizing the user scheduling and UAV trajectory variables. However, the formulated problem is a non-convex fractional integer programming problem, which is challenging to obtain its optimal solution. To tackle this, we propose an efficient iterative algorithm by decomposing the original problem into two sub-problems to obtain a suboptimal solution based on the successive convex approximation technique. Simulation results show that the optimized UAV trajectory by applying the proposed PECM are smoother and the corresponding EE has significant improvement as compared to other benchmark schemes.      
### 42.MeNTT: A Compact and Efficient Processing-in-Memory Number Theoretic Transform (NTT) Accelerator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08446.pdf)
>  Lattice-based cryptography (LBC) exploiting Learning with Errors (LWE) problems is a promising candidate for post-quantum cryptography. Number theoretic transform (NTT) is the latency- and energy- dominant process in the computation of LWE problems. This paper presents a compact and efficient in-MEmory NTT accelerator, named MeNTT, which explores optimized computation in and near a 6T SRAM array. Specifically-designed peripherals enable fast and efficient modular operations. Moreover, a novel mapping strategy reduces the data flow between NTT stages into a unique pattern, which greatly simplifies the routing among processing units (i.e., SRAM column in this work), reducing energy and area overheads. The accelerator achieves significant latency and energy reductions over prior arts.      
### 43.ADD 2022: the First Audio Deep Synthesis Detection Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08433.pdf)
>  Audio deepfake detection is an emerging topic, which was included in the ASVspoof 2021. However, the recent shared tasks have not covered many real-life and challenging scenarios. The first Audio Deep synthesis Detection challenge (ADD) was motivated to fill in the gap. The ADD 2022 includes three tracks: low-quality fake audio detection (LF), partially fake audio detection (PF) and audio fake game (FG). The LF track focuses on dealing with bona fide and fully fake utterances with various real-world noises etc. The PF track aims to distinguish the partially fake audio from the real. The FG track is a rivalry game, which includes two tasks: an audio generation task and an audio fake detection task. In this paper, we describe the datasets, evaluation metrics, and protocols. We also report major findings that reflect the recent advances in audio deepfake detection tasks.      
### 44.Chord-Conditioned Melody Choralization with Controllable Harmonicity and Polyphonicity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08423.pdf)
>  Melody choralization, i.e. generating a four-part chorale based on a user-given melody, has long been closely associated with J.S. Bach chorales. Previous neural network-based systems rarely focus on chorale generation conditioned on a chord progression, and none of them realised controllable melody choralization. To enable neural networks to learn the general principles of counterpoint from Bach's chorales, we first design a music representation that encoded chord symbols for chord conditioning. We then propose DeepChoir, a melody choralization system, which can generate a four-part chorale for a given melody conditioned on a chord progression. Furthermore, with the improved density sampling, a user can control the extent of harmonicity and polyphonicity for the chorale generated by DeepChoir. Experimental results reveal the effectiveness of our data representation and the controllability of DeepChoir over harmonicity and polyphonicity. The code and generated samples (chorales, folk songs and a symphony) of DeepChoir, and the dataset we use now are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/sander-wood/deepchoir" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 45.FPIC: A Novel Semantic Dataset for Optical PCB Assurance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08414.pdf)
>  The continued outsourcing of printed circuit board (PCB) fabrication to overseas venues necessitates increased hardware assurance capabilities. Toward this end, several automated optical inspection (AOI) techniques have been proposed in the past exploring various aspects of PCB images acquired using digital cameras. In this work, we review state-of-the-art AOI techniques and observed the strong, rapid trend toward machine learning (ML) solutions. These require significant amounts of labeled ground truth data, which is lacking in the publicly available PCB data space. We propose the FICS PBC Image Collection (FPIC) dataset to address this bottleneck in available large-volume, diverse, semantic annotations. Additionally, this work covers the potential increase in hardware security capabilities and observed methodological distinctions highlighted during data collection.      
### 46.Tensor-based Channel Tracking for RIS-Empowered Multi-User MIMO Wireless Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08315.pdf)
>  The accurate estimation of Channel State Information (CSI) is of crucial importance for the successful operation of Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (MIMO) communication systems, especially in a Multi-User (MU) time-varying environment and when employing the emerging technology of Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces (RISs). Their predominantly passive nature renders the estimation of the channels involved in the user-RIS-base station link a quite challenging problem. Moreover, the time-varying nature of most of the realistic wireless channels drives up the cost of real-time channel tracking significantly, especially when RISs of massive size are deployed. In this paper, we develop a channel tracking scheme for the uplink of RIS-enabled MU MIMO systems in the presence of channel fading. The starting point is a tensor representation of the received signal and we rely on its PARAllel FACtor (PARAFAC) analysis to both get the initial estimate and track the channel time variation. Simulation results for various system settings are reported, which validate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed channel tracking approach.      
### 47.Contextualize differential privacy in image database: a lightweight image differential privacy approach based on principle component analysis inverse  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08309.pdf)
>  Differential privacy (DP) has been the de-facto standard to preserve privacy-sensitive information in database. Nevertheless, there lacks a clear and convincing contextualization of DP in image database, where individual images' indistinguishable contribution to a certain analysis can be achieved and observed when DP is exerted. As a result, the privacy-accuracy trade-off due to integrating DP is insufficiently demonstrated in the context of differentially-private image database. This work aims at contextualizing DP in image database by an explicit and intuitive demonstration of integrating conceptional differential privacy with images. To this end, we design a lightweight approach dedicating to privatizing image database as a whole and preserving the statistical semantics of the image database to an adjustable level, while making individual images' contribution to such statistics indistinguishable. The designed approach leverages principle component analysis (PCA) to reduce the raw image with large amount of attributes to a lower dimensional space whereby DP is performed, so as to decrease the DP load of calculating sensitivity attribute-by-attribute. The DP-exerted image data, which is not visible in its privatized format, is visualized through PCA inverse such that both a human and machine inspector can evaluate the privatization and quantify the privacy-accuracy trade-off in an analysis on the privatized image database. Using the devised approach, we demonstrate the contextualization of DP in images by two use cases based on deep learning models, where we show the indistinguishability of individual images induced by DP and the privatized images' retention of statistical semantics in deep learning tasks, which is elaborated by quantitative analyses on the privacy-accuracy trade-off under different privatization settings.      
### 48.Evaluation and Analysis of Different Aggregation and Hyperparameter Selection Methods for Federated Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.08261.pdf)
>  Availability of large, diverse, and multi-national datasets is crucial for the development of effective and clinically applicable AI systems in the medical imaging domain. However, forming a global model by bringing these datasets together at a central location, comes along with various data privacy and ownership problems. To alleviate these problems, several recent studies focus on the federated learning paradigm, a distributed learning approach for decentralized data. Federated learning leverages all the available data without any need for sharing collaborators' data with each other or collecting them on a central server. Studies show that federated learning can provide competitive performance with conventional central training, while having a good generalization capability. In this work, we have investigated several federated learning approaches on the brain tumor segmentation problem. We explore different strategies for faster convergence and better performance which can also work on strong Non-IID cases.      
