# ArXiv eess --Fri, 4 Feb 2022
### 1.Fast Online Video Super-Resolution with Deformable Attention Pyramid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01731.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution (VSR) has many applications that pose strict causal, real-time, and latency constraints, including video streaming and TV. We address the VSR problem under these settings, which poses additional important challenges since information from future frames are unavailable. Importantly, designing efficient, yet effective frame alignment and fusion modules remain central problems. In this work, we propose a recurrent VSR architecture based on a deformable attention pyramid (DAP). Our DAP aligns and integrates information from the recurrent state into the current frame prediction. To circumvent the computational cost of traditional attention-based methods, we only attend to a limited number of spatial locations, which are dynamically predicted by the DAP. Comprehensive experiments and analysis of the proposed key innovations show the effectiveness of our approach. We significantly reduce processing time in comparison to state-of-the-art methods, while maintaining a high performance. We surpass state-of-the-art method EDVR-M on two standard benchmarks with a speed-up of over 3x.      
### 2.A User-Friendly Environment for Battery Data Science  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01717.pdf)
>  We report a user-friendly software environment for battery data science. It is designed to streamline data management, data cleaning, and data analysis to help bridge the gap between the domain expertise of most battery scientists and the tools needed as the field becomes increasingly data intensive. The software solution suitable for ingesting battery test data from disparate sources. By aggregating data in an intelligent way, users can streamline routine data analysis tasks and leverage Jupyter Notebook functionality to build advanced scripts and analytics, thereby making battery engineering teams more productive.      
### 3.Review on the stabilization of non linear systems achieved by output feedback control technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01692.pdf)
>  Stability and control of a non-linear system represent an important system configuration that frequently arises in practical engineering. Stability covers a vast range of systems that do not obey the superposition principle and applies to more real-world systems because all real control systems are non-linear. For efficient stabilization of these systems, a great number of researches have been proposed. This paper surveys some well-known facts as well as some recent developments and different strategies for the topic of stabilization of non-linear systems by output feedback control techniques.      
### 4.A Recent Survey of Event Triggered Control of Nonlinear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01684.pdf)
>  The control systems are an essential part of every engineering system in any industrial application. The basic purpose of controls is to manage the internal operations of the system and detect any unwanted or uncertain situation. Failure in any system may be caused by various reasons and need to be restricted to save other components of the system. event-triggered control systems manage errors and failures by identifying particular events caused by failure and then mitigate the effect of that failure as much as possible. These systems have become prominent due to their smooth and autonomous way of detecting and minimizing risk in any system. The input to state stability property and a perfectly stabilized control are assumed for applying event-triggered control systems. Switching topologies can be utilized as an alternative to ISS assumptions to design triggering events. There are some issues related to this approach like non-linearity of systems, multi-agent communication, heterogeneity and Zeno effect in systems while monitoring, controlling faults and taking feedbacks. The efficiency of neural networks and fuzzy technologies are considered in this regard which are investigated by many researchers in the last decade. This survey reviews all work related to event-triggered control systems, their applications, challenges and possible solutions. The adaptability of these controls is evaluated based on the solutions available as well as the applicability of solutions proposed by researchers.      
### 5.Environmental and Safety Impacts of Vehicle-to-Everything Enabled Applications: A Review of State-of-the-Art Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01675.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of communication technology, connected vehicles (CV) have the potential, through the sharing of data, to enhance vehicle safety and reduce vehicle energy consumption and emissions. Numerous research efforts are quantifying the impacts of CV applications, assuming instant and accurate communication among vehicles, devices, pedestrians, infrastructure, the network, the cloud, and the grid, collectively known as V2X (vehicle-to-everything). The use of cellular vehicle-to-everything (C-V2X), to share data is emerging as an efficient means to achieve this objective. C-V2X releases 14 and 15 utilize the 4G LTE technology and release 16 utilizes the new 5G new radio (NR) technology. C-V2X can function without network infrastructure coverage and has a better communication range, improved latency, and greater data rates compared to older technologies. Such highly efficient interchange of information among all participating parts in a CV environment will not only provide timely data to enhance the capacity of the transportation system but can also be used to develop applications that enhance vehicle safety and minimize negative environmental impacts. However, before the full benefits of CV can be achieved, there is a need to thoroughly investigate the effectiveness, strengths, and weaknesses of different CV applications, the communication protocols, the varied results with different CV market penetration rates (MPRs), the interaction of CVs and human driven vehicles, the integration of multiple applications, and the errors and latencies associated with data communication. This paper reviews existing literature on the environmental, mobility and safety impacts of CV applications, identifies the gaps in our current research of CVs and recommends future research directions.      
### 6.Removing Distortion Effects in Music Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01664.pdf)
>  Audio effects are an essential element in the context of music production, and therefore, modeling analog audio effects has been extensively researched for decades using system-identification methods, circuit simulation, and recently, deep learning. However, only few works tackled the reconstruction of signals that were processed using an audio effect unit. Given the recent advances in music source separation and automatic mixing, the removal of audio effects could facilitate an automatic remixing system. This paper focuses on removing distortion and clipping applied to guitar tracks for music production while presenting a comparative investigation of different deep neural network (DNN) architectures on this task. We achieve exceptionally good results in distortion removal using DNNs for effects that superimpose the clean signal to the distorted signal, while the task is more challenging if the clean signal is not superimposed. Nevertheless, in the latter case, the neural models under evaluation surpass one state-of-the-art declipping system in terms of source-to-distortion ratio, leading to better quality and faster inference.      
### 7.Enhancement of power grid monitoring based on data weighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01659.pdf)
>  With their expansion, national power grid have had to work with huge sets of data received from a vast number of substations and power plants. Given their large volume and variety, these data can be classified as big data. Managing this massive amount of data is certainly challenging. Depending on the application, parts of these data are more important for real-time network operation. Computing a network's observability score without assigning weights to different signals may not provide a complete picture of the received data's validity and thus lead to incorrect assessments of the network status. Consequently, signals critical to the network operation and functions of an energy management system (EMS) should be assigned higher weights in observability calculations. The weighted observability alongside the classic non-weighted observability can serve as an indicator of each area's condition in comparison to that of other areas and so greatly facilitate the monitoring and verification of transmitted data. For calculating a weighted observability, the current paper presents a method based on the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP), in which higher weights are assigned to data that are more valuable for and widely used by operators. The national electricity network of Iran was chosen for the evaluation of the proposed method's effect on data quality and operational risk. The results indicated that the introduced method positively affects the quality of received data and also corrects erroneous data in the network.      
### 8.Coupled Splines for Sparse Curve Fitting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01641.pdf)
>  We formulate as an inverse problem the construction of sparse parametric continuous curve models that fit a sequence of contour points. Our prior is incorporated as a regularization term that encourages rotation invariance and sparsity. We prove that an optimal solution to the inverse problem is a closed curve with spline components. We then show how to efficiently solve the task using B-splines as basis functions. We extend our problem formulation to curves made of two distinct components with complementary smoothness properties and solve it using hybrid splines. We illustrate the performance of our model on contours of different smoothness. Our experimental results show that we can faithfully reconstruct any general contour using few parameters, even in the presence of imprecisions in the measurements.      
### 9.A deep complex network with multi-frame filtering for stereophonic acoustic echo cancellation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01630.pdf)
>  In hands-free communication system, the coupling between the loudspeaker and the microphone will generate echo signal, which can severely impair the quality of communication. Meanwhile, various types of noise in the communication environment further destroy the speech quality and intelligibility. It is hard to extract the near-end signal from the microphone input signal within one step, especially in low signal-to-noise ratios. In this paper, we propose a multi-stage approach to address this issue. On the one hand, we decompose the echo cancellation into two stages, including linear echo cancellation module and residual echo suppression module. A multi-frame filtering strategy is introduced to benefit estimating linear echo by utilizing more inter-frame information. On the other hand, we decouple the complex spectral mapping into magnitude estimation and complex spectra refine. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed approach achieves stage-of-the-art performance over previous advanced algorithms under various conditions.      
### 10.Spatial Diversity in Radar Detection via Active Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01616.pdf)
>  Active reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) are a novel and promising technology that allows to control the radio propagation environment, while compensating for the product path loss along the RIS-assisted path. In this letter, we consider the classical radar detection problem and propose to use an active RIS to obtain a second independent look of a prospective target illuminated by the radar transmitter. At the design stage, we select the power emitted by the radar, the number of RIS elements, and their amplification factor in order to maximize the detection probability, for a fixed probability of false alarm and a common (among radar and RIS) power budget. An illustrative example is provided to assess the achievable detection performance, also in comparison with that of a radar operating alone or with the help of a passive RIS.      
### 11.Clutter Edges Detection Algorithms for Structured Clutter Covariance Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01595.pdf)
>  This letter deals with the problem of clutter edge detection and localization in training data. To this end, the problem is formulated as a binary hypothesis test assuming that the ranks of the clutter covariance matrix are known, and adaptive architectures are designed based on the generalized likelihood ratio test to decide whether the training data within a sliding window contains a homogeneous set or two heterogeneous subsets. In the design stage, we utilize four different covariance matrix structures (i.e., Hermitian, persymmetric, symmetric, and centrosymmetric) to exploit the a priori information. Then, for the case of unknown ranks, the architectures are extended by devising a preliminary estimation stage resorting to the model order selection rules. Numerical examples based on both synthetic and real data highlight that the proposed solutions possess superior detection and localization performance with respect to the competitors that do not use any a priori information.      
### 12.Energy Efficiency Optimization for Backscatter Enhanced NOMA Cooperative V2X Communications under Imperfect CSI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01592.pdf)
>  Automotive-Industry 5.0 will use beyond fifth-generation (B5G) technologies to provide robust, computationally intelligent, and energy-efficient data sharing among various onboard sensors, vehicles, and other devices. Recently, ambient backscatter communications (AmBC) have gained significant interest in the research community for providing battery-free communications. AmBC can modulate useful data and reflect it towards near devices using the energy and frequency of existing RF signals. However, obtaining channel state information (CSI) for AmBC systems would be very challenging due to no pilot sequences and limited power. As one of the latest members of multiple access technology, non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) has emerged as a promising solution for connecting large-scale devices over the same spectral resources in B5G wireless networks. Under imperfect CSI, this paper provides a new optimization framework for energy-efficient transmission in AmBC enhanced NOMA cooperative vehicle-to-everything (V2X) networks. We simultaneously minimize the total transmit power of the V2X network by optimizing the power allocation at BS and reflection coefficient at backscatter sensors while guaranteeing the individual quality of services. The problem of total power minimization is formulated as non-convex optimization and coupled on multiple variables, making it complex and challenging. Therefore, we first decouple the original problem into two sub-problems and convert the nonlinear rate constraints into linear constraints. Then, we adopt the iterative sub-gradient method to obtain an efficient solution. For comparison, we also present a conventional NOMA cooperative V2X network without AmBC. Simulation results show the benefits of our proposed AmBC enhanced NOMA cooperative V2X network in terms of total achievable energy efficiency.      
### 13.Backscatter-Aided NOMA V2X Communication under Channel Estimation Errors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01586.pdf)
>  Backscatter communications (BC) has emerged as a promising technology for providing low-powered transmissions in nextG (i.e., beyond 5G) wireless networks. The fundamental idea of BC is the possibility of communications among wireless devices by using the existing ambient radio frequency signals. Non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) has recently attracted significant attention due to its high spectral efficiency and massive connectivity. This paper proposes a new optimization framework to minimize total transmit power of BC-NOMA cooperative vehicle-to-everything networks (V2XneT) while ensuring the quality of services. More specifically, the base station (BS) transmits a superimposed signal to its associated roadside units (RSUs) in the first time slot. Then the RSUs transmit the superimposed signal to their serving vehicles in the second time slot exploiting decode and forward protocol. A backscatter device (BD) in the coverage area of RSU also receives the superimposed signal and reflect it towards vehicles by modulating own information. Thus, the objective is to simultaneously optimize the transmit power of BS and RSUs along with reflection coefficient of BDs under perfect and imperfect channel state information. The problem of energy efficiency is formulated as non-convex and coupled on multiple optimization variables which makes it very complex and hard to solve. Therefore, we first transform and decouple the original problem into two sub-problems and then employ iterative sub-gradient method to obtain an efficient solution. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed BC-NOMA V2XneT provides high energy efficiency than the conventional NOMA V2XneT without BC.      
### 14.Weakly Supervised Nuclei Segmentation via Instance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01564.pdf)
>  Weakly supervised nuclei segmentation is a critical problem for pathological image analysis and greatly benefits the community due to the significant reduction of labeling cost. Adopting point annotations, previous methods mostly rely on less expressive representations for nuclei instances and thus have difficulty in handling crowded nuclei. In this paper, we propose to decouple weakly supervised semantic and instance segmentation in order to enable more effective subtask learning and to promote instance-aware representation learning. To achieve this, we design a modular deep network with two branches: a semantic proposal network and an instance encoding network, which are trained in a two-stage manner with an instance-sensitive loss. Empirical results show that our approach achieves the state-of-the-art performance on two public benchmarks of pathological images from different types of organs.      
### 15.Comparison of Intelligent Approaches for Cycle Time Prediction in Injection Moulding of a Medical Device Product  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01507.pdf)
>  Injection moulding is an increasingly automated industrial process, particularly when used for the production of high-value precision components such as polymeric medical devices. In such applications, achieving stringent product quality demands whilst also ensuring a highly efficient process can be challenging. Cycle time is one of the most critical factors which directly affects the throughput rate of the process and hence is a key indicator of process efficiency. In this work, we examine a production data set from a real industrial injection moulding process for manufacture of a high precision medical device. The relationship between the process input variables and the resulting cycle time is mapped with an artificial neural network (ANN) and an adaptive neuro-fuzzy system (ANFIS). The predictive performance of different training methods and neuron numbers in ANN and the impact of model type and the numbers of membership functions in ANFIS has been investigated. The strengths and limitations of the approaches are presented and the further research and development needed to ensure practical on-line use of these methods for dynamic process optimisation in the industrial process are discussed.      
### 16.PARCEL: Physics-based unsupervised contrastive representation learning for parallel MR imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01494.pdf)
>  With the successful application of deep learning in magnetic resonance imaging, parallel imaging techniques based on neural networks have attracted wide attentions. However, without high-quality fully sampled datasets for training, the performance of these methods tends to be limited. To address this issue, this paper proposes a physics based unsupervised contrastive representation learning (PARCEL) method to speed up parallel MR imaging. Specifically, PARCEL has three key ingredients to achieve direct deep learning from the undersampled k-space data. Namely, a parallel framework has been developed by learning two branches of model-based networks unrolled with the conjugate gradient algorithm; Augmented undersampled k-space data randomly drawn from the obtained k-space data are used to help the parallel network to capture the detailed information. A specially designed co-training loss is designed to guide the two networks to capture the inherent features and representations of the-to-be-reconstructed MR image. The proposed method has been evaluated on in vivo datasets and compared to five state-of-the-art methods, whose results show PARCEL is able to learn useful representations for more accurate MR reconstructions without the reliance on the fully-sampled datasets.      
### 17.A benchmark of state-of-the-art sound event detection systems evaluated on synthetic soundscapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01487.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a benchmark of submissions to Detection and Classification Acoustic Scene and Events 2021 Challenge (DCASE) Task 4 representing a sampling of the state-of-the-art in Sound Event Detection task. The submissions are evaluated according to the two polyphonic sound detection score scenarios proposed for the DCASE 2021 Challenge Task 4, which allow to make an analysis on whether submissions are designed to perform fine-grained temporal segmentation, coarse-grained temporal segmentation, or have been designed to be polyvalent on the scenarios proposed. We study the solutions proposed by participants to analyze their robustness to varying level target to non-target signal-to-noise ratio and to temporal localization of target sound events. A last experiment is proposed in order to study the impact of non-target events on systems outputs. Results show that systems adapted to provide coarse segmentation outputs are more robust to different target to non-target signal-to-noise ratio and, with the help of specific data augmentation methods, they are more robust to time localization of the original event. Results of the last experiment display that systems tend to spuriously predict short events when non-target events are present. This is particularly true for systems that are tailored to have a fine segmentation.      
### 18.Variable Slope Trapezoidal Circulating Current Injection to Attenuate Capacitor Voltage Ripple in Modular Multilevel Converter Based Variable Speed Motor Drives Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01483.pdf)
>  The main challenge in using the Modular Multilevel Converter-based constant-torque variable-speed motor drives is increased sub-module capacitor voltage ripples (SM-CVR) at lowfundamental frequency operation, due to the inverse relationship between SM-CVR and operating frequency. To address this issue, a variable slope trapezoidal circulating current (CC) is injected along with square wave common-mode voltage (CMV). Compared to sinusoidal CC and sinusoidal CMV injection, the proposed injection technique can reduce the peak of the CC in the range of 0% to 50%, resulting in lesser device stress and improved efficiency. Simulation results of the proposed technique are presented, and they are further compared with the existing injection techniques to show the superiority      
### 19.Variational integrators for non-autonomous systems with applications to stabilization of multi-agent formations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01471.pdf)
>  Numerical methods that preserve geometric invariants of the system, such as energy, momentum or the symplectic form, are called geometric integrators. Variational integrators are an important class of geometric integrators. The general idea for those variational integrators is to discretize Hamilton's principle rather than the equations of motion in a way that preserves some of the invariants of the original system. In this paper we construct variational integrators with fixed time step for time-dependent Lagrangian systems modelling an important class of autonomous dissipative systems. These integrators are derived via a family of discrete Lagrangian functions each one for a fixed time-step. This allows to recover at each step on the set of discrete sequences the preservation properties of variational integrators for autonomous Lagrangian systems, such as symplecticity or backward error analysis for these systems. We also present a discrete Noether theorem for this class of systems. Applications of the results are shown for the problem of formation stabilization of multi-agent systems.      
### 20.Investigation of Torque Ripple in Voltage Source Inverter driven Induction Motor Drive operated with Space Vector based Harmonic Elimination Pulse Width Modulation Scheme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01469.pdf)
>  The lower order harmonic elimination using space vector pulse width modulation (SVPWM) technique is possible by introducing the dwell time division coefficient 'k' in space vector. In this paper, torque ripple analysis is carried out for space vector based harmonic elimination (SVHE) scheme and the obtained results are compared with the existing schemes such as conventional and advanced bus clamping SVPWM schemes. Further, the obtained results are validated through simulation results. The SVHE scheme gives the lower torque ripple than the conventional and advance bus clamping schemes at higher modulation indices.      
### 21.Identifying Friction in a Nonlinear Chaotic System Using a Universal Adaptive Stabilizer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01424.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a friction model parameter identification routine that can work with highly nonlinear and chaotic systems. The chosen system for this study is a passively-actuated tilted Furuta pendulum, which is known to have a highly non linear and coupled model. The pendulum is tilted to ensure the existence of a stable equilibrium configuration for all its degrees of freedom, and the link weights are the only external forces applied to the system. A nonlinear analytical model of the pendulum is derived, and a continuous friction model considering static friction, dynamic friction, viscous friction, and the stribeck effect is selected from the literature. A high-gain Universal Adaptive Stabilizer (UAS) observer is designed to identify friction model parameters using joint angle measurements. The methodology is tested in simulation and validated on an experimental setup. Despite the high nonlinearity of the system, the methodology is proven to converge to the exact parameter values, in simulation, and to yield qualitative parameter magnitudes in experiments where the goodness of fit was around 85\% on average. The discrepancy between the simulation and the experimental results is attributed to the limitations of the friction model. The main advantage of the proposed method is the significant reduction in computational needs and the time required relative to conventional optimization-based identification routines. The proposed approach yielded more than 99\% reduction in the estimation time while being considerably more accurate than the optimization approach in every test performed. One more advantage is that the approach can be easily adapted to fit other models to experimental data.      
### 22.Joint Speech Recognition and Audio Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01405.pdf)
>  Speech samples recorded in both indoor and outdoor environments are often contaminated with secondary audio sources. Most end-to-end monaural speech recognition systems either remove these background sounds using speech enhancement or train noise-robust models. For better model interpretability and holistic understanding, we aim to bring together the growing field of automated audio captioning (AAC) and the thoroughly studied automatic speech recognition (ASR). The goal of AAC is to generate natural language descriptions of contents in audio samples. We propose several approaches for end-to-end joint modeling of ASR and AAC tasks and demonstrate their advantages over traditional approaches, which model these tasks independently. A major hurdle in evaluating our proposed approach is the lack of labeled audio datasets with both speech transcriptions and audio captions. Therefore we also create a multi-task dataset by mixing the clean speech Wall Street Journal corpus with multiple levels of background noises chosen from the AudioCaps dataset. We also perform extensive experimental evaluation and show improvements of our proposed methods as compared to existing state-of-the-art ASR and AAC methods.      
### 23.Safe Learning for Uncertainty-Aware Planning via Interval MDP Abstraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01358.pdf)
>  We study the problem of refining satisfiability bounds for partially-known switched stochastic systems against planning specifications defined using syntactically co-safe Linear Temporal Logic (scLTL). We propose an abstraction-based approach that iteratively generates high-confidence Interval Markov Decision Process (IMDP) abstractions of the system from high-confidence bounds on the unknown component of the dynamics obtained via Gaussian process regression. In particular, we develop a synthesis strategy to sample the unknown dynamics by finding paths which avoid specification-violating states using a product IMDP formulation. We further provide a heuristic to choose among various candidate paths to maximize the information gain. Finally, we propose an iterative algorithm to synthesize a satisfying control policy for the product IMDP system. We demonstrate our work with a case study on mobile robot navigation.      
### 24.Jamming Resilient Indoor Factory Deployments: Design and Performance Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01272.pdf)
>  In the framework of 5G-and-beyond Industry 4.0, jamming attacks for denial of service are a rising threat which can severely compromise the system performance. Therefore, in this paper we deal with the problem of jamming detection and mitigation in indoor factory deployments. We design two jamming detectors based on pseudo-random blanking of subcarriers with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing and consider jamming mitigation with frequency hopping and random scheduling of the user equipments. We then evaluate the performance of the system in terms of achievable BLER with ultra-reliable low-latency communications traffic and jamming missed detection probability. Simulations are performed considering a 3rd Generation Partnership Project spatial channel model for the factory floor with a jammer stationed outside the plant trying to disrupt the communication inside the factory. Numerical results show that jamming resiliency increases when using a distributed access point deployment and exploiting channel correlation among antennas for jamming detection, while frequency hopping is helpful in jamming mitigation only for strict BLER requirements.      
### 25.Deep Learning for Ultrasound Speed-of-Sound Reconstruction: Impacts of Training Data Diversity on Stability and Robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01208.pdf)
>  Ultrasound b-mode imaging is a qualitative approach and diagnostic quality strongly depends on operators' training and experience. Quantitative approaches can provide information about tissue properties; therefore, can be used for identifying various tissue types, e.g., speed-of-sound in the tissue can be used as a biomarker for tissue malignancy, especially in breast imaging. Recent studies showed the possibility of speed-of-sound reconstruction using deep neural networks that are fully trained on simulated data. However, because of the ever present domain shift between simulated and measured data, the stability and performance of these models in real setups are still under debate. In this study, we investigated the impacts of training data diversity on the robustness of these networks by using multiple kinds of geometrical and natural simulated phantom structures. On the simulated data, we investigated the performance of the networks on out-of-domain echogenicity, geometries, and in the presence of noise. We further inspected the stability of employing such tissue modeling in a real data acquisition setup. We demonstrated that training the network with a joint set of datasets including both geometrical and natural tissue models improves the stability of the predicted speed-of-sound values both on simulated and measured data.      
### 26.Improving Lyrics Alignment through Joint Pitch Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01646.pdf)
>  In recent years, the accuracy of automatic lyrics alignment methods has increased considerably. Yet, many current approaches employ frameworks designed for automatic speech recognition (ASR) and do not exploit properties specific to music. Pitch is one important musical attribute of singing voice but it is often ignored by current systems as the lyrics content is considered independent of the pitch. In practice, however, there is a temporal correlation between the two as note starts often correlate with phoneme starts. At the same time the pitch is usually annotated with high temporal accuracy in ground truth data while the timing of lyrics is often only available at the line (or word) level. In this paper, we propose a multi-task learning approach for lyrics alignment that incorporates pitch and thus can make use of a new source of highly accurate temporal information. Our results show that the accuracy of the alignment result is indeed improved by our approach. As an additional contribution, we show that integrating boundary detection in the forced-alignment algorithm reduces cross-line errors, which improves the accuracy even further.      
### 27.MFA: TDNN with Multi-scale Frequency-channel Attention for Text-independent Speaker Verification with Short Utterances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01624.pdf)
>  The time delay neural network (TDNN) represents one of the state-of-the-art of neural solutions to text-independent speaker verification. However, they require a large number of filters to capture the speaker characteristics at any local frequency region. In addition, the performance of such systems may degrade under short utterance scenarios. To address these issues, we propose a multi-scale frequency-channel attention (MFA), where we characterize speakers at different scales through a novel dual-path design which consists of a convolutional neural network and TDNN. We evaluate the proposed MFA on the VoxCeleb database and observe that the proposed framework with MFA can achieve state-of-the-art performance while reducing parameters and computation complexity. Further, the MFA mechanism is found to be effective for speaker verification with short test utterances.      
### 28.The RoyalFlush System of Speech Recognition for M2MeT Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01614.pdf)
>  This paper describes our RoyalFlush system for the track of multi-speaker automatic speech recognition (ASR) in the M2MeT challenge. We adopted the serialized output training (SOT) based multi-speakers ASR system with large-scale simulation data. Firstly, we investigated a set of front-end methods, including multi-channel weighted predicted error (WPE), beamforming, speech separation, speech enhancement and so on, to process training, validation and test sets. But we only selected WPE and beamforming as our frontend methods according to their experimental results. Secondly, we made great efforts in the data augmentation for multi-speaker ASR, mainly including adding noise and reverberation, overlapped speech simulation, multi-channel speech simulation, speed perturbation, front-end processing, and so on, which brought us a great performance improvement. Finally, in order to make full use of the performance complementary of different model architecture, we trained the standard conformer based joint CTC/Attention (Conformer) and U2++ ASR model with a bidirectional attention decoder, a modification of Conformer, to fuse their results. Comparing with the official baseline system, our system got a 12.22% absolute Character Error Rate (CER) reduction on the validation set and 12.11% on the test set.      
### 29.A Psychoacoustic Quality Criterion for Path-Traced Sound Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01582.pdf)
>  In developing virtual acoustic environments, it is important to understand the relationship between the computation cost and the perceptual significance of the resultant numerical error. In this paper, we propose a quality criterion that evaluates the error significance of path-tracing-based sound propagation simulators. We present an analytical formula that estimates the error signal power spectrum. With this spectrum estimation, we can use a modified Zwicker's loudness model to calculate the relative loudness of the error signal masked by the ideal output. Our experimental results show that the proposed criterion can explain the human perception of simulation error in a variety of cases.      
### 30.Machine learning enabled multiple illumination quantitative optoacoustic imaging of blood oxygenation in humans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01482.pdf)
>  Optoacoustic (OA) imaging is a promising modality for quantifying blood oxygen saturation (sO$_2$) in various biomedical applications - in diagnosis, monitoring of organ function or even tumor treatment planning. We present an accurate and practically feasible real-time capable method for quantitative imaging of sO$_2$ based on combining multispectral (MS) and multiple illumination (MI) OA imaging with learned spectral decoloring (LSD). For this purpose we developed a hybrid real-time MI MS OA imaging setup with ultrasound (US) imaging capability; we trained gradient boosting machines on MI spectrally colored absorbed energy spectra generated by generic Monte Carlo simulations, and used the trained models to estimate sO$_2$ on real OA measurements. We validated MI-LSD in silico and on in vivo image sequences of radial arteries and accompanying veins of five healthy human volunteers. We compared the performance of the method to prior LSD work and conventional linear unmixing. MI-LSD provided highly accurate results in silico and consistently plausible results in vivo. This preliminary study shows a potentially high applicability of quantitative OA oximetry imaging, using our method.      
### 31.Data-Driven Stochastic Optimal Control using Linear Transfer Operators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01387.pdf)
>  We provide a data-driven framework for optimal control of a continuous-time stochastic dynamical system. The proposed framework relies on the linear operator theory involving linear Perron-Frobenius (P-F) and Koopman operators. Our first results involving the P-F operator provide a convex formulation to the optimal control problem in the dual space of densities. This convex formulation of the stochastic optimal control problem leads to an infinite-dimensional convex program. The finite-dimensional approximation of the convex program is obtained using a data-driven approximation of the P-F operator. Our second results demonstrate the use of the Koopman operator, which is dual to the P-F operator, for the stochastic optimal control design. We show that the Hamilton Jacobi Bellman (HJB) equation can be expressed using the Koopman operator. We provide an iterative procedure along the lines of a popular policy iteration algorithm based on the data-driven approximation of the Koopman operator for solving the HJB equation. The two formulations, namely the convex formulation involving P-F operator and Koopman based formulation using HJB equation, can be viewed as dual to each other where the duality follows due to the dual nature of P-F and Koopman operators. Finally, we present several numerical examples to demonstrate the efficacy of the developed framework.      
### 32.Real-time Emergency Vehicle Event Detection Using Audio Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01367.pdf)
>  In this work, we focus on detecting emergency vehicles using only audio data. Improved and quick detection can help in faster preemption of these vehicles at signalized intersections thereby reducing overall response time in case of emergencies. Important audio features were extracted from raw data and passed into extreme learning machines (ELM) for training. ELMs have been used in this work because of its simplicity and shorter run-time which can therefore be used for online learning. Recently, there have been many studies that focus on sound classification but most of the methods used are complex to train and implement. The results from this paper show that ELM can achieve similar performance with exceptionally shorter training times. The accuracy reported for ELM is about 97% for emergency vehicle detection (EVD).      
### 33.Generalizability of Machine Learning Models: Quantitative Evaluation of Three Methodological Pitfalls  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01337.pdf)
>  Despite the great potential of machine learning, the lack of generalizability has hindered the widespread adoption of these technologies in routine clinical practice. We investigate three methodological pitfalls: (1) violation of independence assumption, (2) model evaluation with an inappropriate performance indicator, and (3) batch effect and how these pitfalls could affect the generalizability of machine learning models. We implement random forest and deep convolutional neural network models using several medical imaging datasets, including head and neck CT, lung CT, chest X-Ray, and histopathological images, to quantify and illustrate the effect of these pitfalls. We develop these models with and without the pitfall and compare the performance of the resulting models in terms of accuracy, precision, recall, and F1 score. Our results showed that violation of the independence assumption could substantially affect model generalizability. More specifically, (I) applying oversampling before splitting data into train, validation and test sets; (II) performing data augmentation before splitting data; (III) distributing data points for a subject across training, validation, and test sets; and (IV) applying feature selection before splitting data led to superficial boosts in model performance. We also observed that inappropriate performance indicators could lead to erroneous conclusions. Also, batch effect could lead to developing models that lack generalizability. The aforementioned methodological pitfalls lead to machine learning models with over-optimistic performance. These errors, if made, cannot be captured using internal model evaluation, and the inaccurate predictions made by the model may lead to wrong conclusions and interpretations. Therefore, avoiding these pitfalls is a necessary condition for developing generalizable models.      
### 34.ASR-Aware End-to-end Neural Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01286.pdf)
>  We present a Conformer-based end-to-end neural diarization (EEND) model that uses both acoustic input and features derived from an automatic speech recognition (ASR) model. Two categories of features are explored: features derived directly from ASR output (phones, position-in-word and word boundaries) and features derived from a lexical speaker change detection model, trained by fine-tuning a pretrained BERT model on the ASR output. Three modifications to the Conformer-based EEND architecture are proposed to incorporate the features. First, ASR features are concatenated with acoustic features. Second, we propose a new attention mechanism called contextualized self-attention that utilizes ASR features to build robust speaker representations. Finally, multi-task learning is used to train the model to minimize classification loss for the ASR features along with diarization loss. Experiments on the two-speaker English conversations of Switchboard+SRE data sets show that multi-task learning with position-in-word information is the most effective way of utilizing ASR features, reducing the diarization error rate (DER) by 20% relative to the baseline.      
### 35.Robust Estimation for Nonparametric Families via Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01269.pdf)
>  We provide a general framework for designing Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to solve high dimensional robust statistics problems, which aim at estimating unknown parameter of the true distribution given adversarially corrupted samples. Prior work focus on the problem of robust mean and covariance estimation when the true distribution lies in the family of Gaussian distributions or elliptical distributions, and analyze depth or scoring rule based GAN losses for the problem. Our work extend these to robust mean estimation, second moment estimation, and robust linear regression when the true distribution only has bounded Orlicz norms, which includes the broad family of sub-Gaussian, sub-Exponential and bounded moment distributions. We also provide a different set of sufficient conditions for the GAN loss to work: we only require its induced distance function to be a cumulative density function of some light-tailed distribution, which is easily satisfied by neural networks with sigmoid activation. In terms of techniques, our proposed GAN losses can be viewed as a smoothed and generalized Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance, which overcomes the computational intractability of the original Kolmogorov-Smirnov distance used in the prior work.      
### 36.Data-Driven Behaviour Estimation in Parametric Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01229.pdf)
>  A central question in multi-agent strategic games deals with learning the underlying utilities driving the agents' behaviour. Motivated by the increasing availability of large data-sets, we develop an unifying data-driven technique to estimate agents' utility functions from their observed behaviour, irrespective of whether the observations correspond to (Nash) equilibrium configurations or to action profile trajectories. Under standard assumptions on the parametrization of the utilities, the proposed inference method is computationally efficient and finds all the parameters that rationalize the observed behaviour best. We numerically validate our theoretical findings on the market share estimation problem under advertising competition, using historical data from the Coca-Cola Company and Pepsi Inc. duopoly.      
### 37.Approximate Bisimulation Relations for Neural Networks and Application to Assured Neural Network Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2202.01214.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a concept of approximate bisimulation relation for feedforward neural networks. In the framework of approximate bisimulation relation, a novel neural network merging method is developed to compute the approximate bisimulation error between two neural networks based on reachability analysis of neural networks. The developed method is able to quantitatively measure the distance between the outputs of two neural networks with the same inputs. Then, we apply the approximate bisimulation relation results to perform neural networks model reduction and compute the compression precision, i.e., assured neural networks compression. At last, using the assured neural network compression, we accelerate the verification processes of ACAS Xu neural networks to illustrate the effectiveness and advantages of our proposed approximate bisimulation approach.      
