# ArXiv eess --Fri, 17 Jul 2020
### 1.Device-Robust Acoustic Scene Classification Based on Two-Stage Categorization and Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08389.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we present a joint effort of four groups, namely GT, USTC, Tencent, and UKE, to tackle Task 1 - Acoustic Scene Classification (ASC) in the DCASE 2020 Challenge. Task 1 comprises two different sub-tasks: (i) Task 1a focuses on ASC of audio signals recorded with multiple (real and simulated) devices into ten different fine-grained classes, and (ii) Task 1b concerns with classification of data into three higher-level classes using low-complexity solutions. For Task 1a, we propose a novel two-stage ASC system leveraging upon ad-hoc score combination of two convolutional neural networks (CNNs), classifying the acoustic input according to three classes, and then ten classes, respectively. Four different CNN-based architectures are explored to implement the two-stage classifiers, and several data augmentation techniques are also investigated. For Task 1b, we leverage upon a quantization method to reduce the complexity of two of our top-accuracy three-classes CNN-based architectures. On Task 1a development data set, an ASC accuracy of 76.9\% is attained using our best single classifier and data augmentation. An accuracy of 81.9\% is then attained by a final model fusion of our two-stage ASC classifiers. On Task 1b development data set, we achieve an accuracy of 96.7\% with a model size smaller than 500KB. Code is available: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MihawkHu/DCASE2020_task1" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Joint Trajectory and Passive Beamforming Design for Intelligent Reflecting Surface-Aided UAV Communications: A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08380.pdf)
>  In this paper, the intelligent reflecting surface (IRS)-assisted unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) communication system is studied, where an UAV is deployed to serve the user equipments (UEs) with the assistance of multiple IRSs mounted on several buildings to enhance the communication quality between UAV and UEs. We aim to maximize the overall weighted data rate and geographical fairness of all the UEs via jointly optimizing the UAV's trajectory and the phase shifts of reflecting elements of IRSs. Since the system is complex and the environment is dynamic, it is challenging to derive low-complexity algorithms by using conventional optimization methods. To address this issue, we first propose a deep Q-network (DQN)-based low-complex solution by discretizing the trajectory and phase shift, which is suitable for practical systems with discrete phase-shift control. Furthermore, we propose a deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG)-based solution to tackle the case with continuous trajectory and phase shift design. The experimental results prove that the proposed solutions achieve better performance compared to other traditional benchmarks.      
### 3.Self-Supervised Nuclei Segmentation in Histopathological Images Using Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08373.pdf)
>  Segmentation and accurate localization of nuclei in histopathological images is a very challenging problem, with most existing approaches adopting a supervised strategy. These methods usually rely on manual annotations that require a lot of time and effort from medical experts. In this study, we present a self-supervised approach for segmentation of nuclei for whole slide histopathology images. Our method works on the assumption that the size and texture of nuclei can determine the magnification at which a patch is extracted. We show that the identification of the magnification level for tiles can generate a preliminary self-supervision signal to locate nuclei. We further show that by appropriately constraining our model it is possible to retrieve meaningful segmentation maps as an auxiliary output to the primary magnification identification task. Our experiments show that with standard post-processing, our method can outperform other unsupervised nuclei segmentation approaches and report similar performance with supervised ones on the publicly available MoNuSeg dataset. Our code and models are available online to facilitate further research.      
### 4.Transferred Energy Management Strategies for Hybrid Electric Vehicles Based on Driving Conditions Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08337.pdf)
>  Energy management strategies (EMSs) are the most significant components in hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs) because they decide the potential of energy conservation and emission reduction. This work presents a transferred EMS for a parallel HEV via combining the reinforcement learning method and driving conditions recognition. First, the Markov decision process (MDP) and the transition probability matrix are utilized to differentiate the driving conditions. Then, reinforcement learning algorithms are formulated to achieve power split controls, in which Q-tables are tuned by current driving situations. Finally, the proposed transferred framework is estimated and validated in a parallel hybrid topology. Its advantages in computational efficiency and fuel economy are summarized and proved.      
### 5.RIS-Assisted MISO Communication: Optimal Beamformers and Performance Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08309.pdf)
>  We study a multiple-input single-output (MISO) communication system assisted by a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS). A base station (BS) having multiple antennas is assumed to be communicating to a single-antenna user equipment (UE), with the help of a RIS. We assume that the system operates in an environment with line-of-sight (LoS) between the BS and RIS, whereas the RIS-UE link experiences Rayleigh fading. We present a closed form expression for the optimal active and passive beamforming vectors at the BS and RIS respectively. Then, by characterizing the statistical properties of the received SNR at the UE, we apply them to derive analytical approximations for different system performance measures, including the outage probability, average achievable rate and average symbol error probability (SEP). Our results, in general, demonstrate that the gain due to RIS can be substantial, and can be significantly greater than the gains reaped by using multiple BS antennas.      
### 6.eSampling: Energy Harvesting ADCs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08275.pdf)
>  Analog-to-digital converters (ADCs) allow physical signals to be processed using digital hardware. The power consumed in conversion grows with the sampling rate and quantization resolution, imposing a major challenge in power-limited systems. A common ADC architecture is based on sample-and-hold (S/H) circuits, where the analog signal is being tracked only for a fraction of the sampling period. In this paper, we propose the concept of eSampling ADCs, which harvest energy from the analog signal during the time periods where the signal is not being tracked. This harvested energy can be used to supplement the ADC itself, paving the way to the possibility of zero-power consumption and power-saving ADCs. We analyze the tradeoff between the ability to recover the sampled signal and the energy harvested, and provide guidelines for setting the sampling rate in the light of accuracy and energy constraints. Our analysis indicates that eSampling ADCs operating with up to 12 bits per sample can acquire bandlimited analog signals such that they can be perfectly recovered without requiring power from the external source. Furthermore, our theoretical results reveal that eSampling ADCs can in fact save power by harvesting more energy than they consume. To verify the feasibility of eSampling ADCs, we present a circuit-level design using standard complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS) 65 nm technology. An eSampling 8-bit ADC which samples at 40 MHZ is designed on a Cadence Virtuoso platform. Our experimental study involving Nyquist rate sampling of bandlimited signals demonstrates that such ADCs are indeed capable of harvesting more energy than that spent during analog-to-digital conversion, without affecting the accuracy.      
### 7.Neural MOS Prediction for Synthesized Speech Using Multi-Task Learning With Spoofing Detection and Spoofing Type Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08267.pdf)
>  Several papers have proposed deep-learning-based models to predict the mean opinion score (MOS) of synthesized speech, showing the possibility of replacing human raters. However, inter- and intra-rater variability in MOSs makes it hard to ensure the generalization ability of the models. In this paper, we propose a method using multi-task learning (MTL) with spoofing detection (SD) and spoofing type classification (STC) to improve the generalization ability of a MOS prediction model. Besides, we use the focal loss to maximize the synergy between SD and STC for MOS prediction. Experiments using the results of the Voice Conversion Challenge 2018 show that proposed MTL with two auxiliary tasks improves MOS prediction.      
### 8.U-Net Based Architecture for an Improved Multiresolution Segmentation in Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08238.pdf)
>  Purpose: Manual medical image segmentation is an exhausting and time-consuming task along with high interobserver variability. In this study, our objective is to improve the multi-resolution image segmentation performance of U-Net architecture. Approach: We have proposed a fully convolutional neural network for image segmentation in a multi-resolution framework. We used U-Net as the base architecture and modified that to improve its image segmentation performance. In the proposed architecture (mrU-Net), the input image and its down-sampled versions were used as the network inputs. We added more convolution layers to extract features directly from the down-sampled images. We trained and tested the network on four different medical datasets, including skin lesion photos, lung computed tomography (CT) images (LUNA dataset), retina images (DRIVE dataset), and prostate magnetic resonance (MR) images (PROMISE12 dataset). We compared the performance of mrU-Net to U-Net under similar training and testing conditions. Results: Comparing the results to manual segmentation labels, mrU-Net achieved average Dice similarity coefficients of 70.6%, 97.9%, 73.6%, and 77.9% for the skin lesion, LUNA, DRIVE, and PROMISE12 segmentation, respectively. For the skin lesion, LUNA, and DRIVE datasets, mrU-Net outperformed U-Net with significantly higher accuracy and for the PROMISE12 dataset, both networks achieved similar accuracy. Furthermore, using mrU-Net led to a faster training rate on LUNA and DRIVE datasets when compared to U-Net. Conclusions: The striking feature of the proposed architecture is its higher capability in extracting image-derived features compared to U-Net. mrU-Net illustrated a faster training rate and slightly more accurate image segmentation compared to U-Net.      
### 9.Seasonal hydrogen storage decisions under constrained electricity distribution capacity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08230.pdf)
>  The transition to renewable energy systems causes increased decentralization of the energy supply. Solar parks are built to increase renewable energy penetration and to supply local communities that become increasingly self-sufficient. These parks are generally installed in rural areas where electricity grid distribution capacity is limited. This causes the produced energy to create grid congestion. Temporary storage can be a solution. In addition to batteries, which are most suitable for intraday storage, hydrogen provides a long-term storage option and can be used to overcome seasonal mismatches in supply and demand. In this paper, we examine the operational decisions related to storing energy using hydrogen, and buying from or selling to the grid considering grid capacity limitations. We model the problem as a Markov decision process taking into account seasonal production and demand patterns, uncertain solar energy generation, and local electricity prices. We show that ignoring seasonal demand and production patterns is suboptimal. In addition, we show that the introduction of a hydrogen storage facility for a solar farm in rural areas may lead to positive profits, whereas this is loss-making without storage facilities. In a sensitivity analysis, we show that only if distribution capacity is too small, hydrogen storage does not lead to profits and reduced congestion at the cable connection. When the distribution capacity is constrained, a higher storage capacity leads to more buying-related actions from the electricity grid to prevent future shortages and to exploit price differences. This leads to more congestion at the connected cable and is an important insight for policy-makers and net-operators.      
### 10.An Efficient Mixture of Deep and Machine Learning Models for COVID-19 and Tuberculosis Detection Using X-Ray Images in Resource Limited Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08223.pdf)
>  Clinicians in the frontline need to assess quickly whether a patient with symptoms indeed has COVID-19 or not. The difficulty of this task is exacerbated in low resource settings that may not have access to biotechnology tests. Furthermore, Tuberculosis (TB) remains a major health problem in several low- and middle-income countries and its common symptoms include fever, cough and tiredness, similarly to COVID-19. In order to help in the detection of COVID-19, we propose the extraction of deep features (DF) from chest X-ray images, a technology available in most hospitals, and their subsequent classification using machine learning methods that do not require large computational resources. We compiled a five-class dataset of X-ray chest images including a balanced number of COVID-19, viral pneumonia, bacterial pneumonia, TB, and healthy cases. We compared the performance of pipelines combining 14 individual state-of-the-art pre-trained deep networks for DF extraction with traditional machine learning classifiers. A pipeline consisting of ResNet-50 for DF computation and ensemble of subspace discriminant classifier was the best performer in the classification of the five classes, achieving a detection accuracy of 91.6+ 2.6% (accuracy + 95% Confidence Interval). Furthermore, the same pipeline achieved accuracies of 98.6+1.4% and 99.9+0.5% in simpler three-class and two-class classification problems focused on distinguishing COVID-19, TB and healthy cases; and COVID-19 and healthy images, respectively. The pipeline was computationally efficient requiring just 0.19 second to extract DF per X-ray image and 2 minutes for training a traditional classifier with more than 2000 images on a CPU machine. The results suggest the potential benefits of using our pipeline in the detection of COVID-19, particularly in resource-limited settings and it can run with limited computational resources.      
### 11.DeepInit Phase Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08214.pdf)
>  This paper shows how data-driven deep generative models can be utilized to solve challenging phase retrieval problems, in which one wants to reconstruct a signal from only few intensity measurements. Classical iterative algorithms are known to work well if initialized close to the optimum but otherwise suffer from non-convexity and often get stuck in local minima. We therefore propose DeepInit Phase Retrieval, which uses regularized gradient descent under a deep generative data prior to compute a trained initialization for a fast classical algorithm (e.g. the randomized Kaczmarz method). We empirically show that our hybrid approach is able to deliver very high reconstruction results at low sampling rates even when there is significant generator model error. Conceptually, learned initializations may therefore help to overcome the non-convexity of the problem by starting classical descent steps closer to the global optimum. Also, our idea demonstrates superior runtime performance over conventional gradient-based reconstruction methods. We evaluate our method for generic measurements and show empirically that it is also applicable to diffraction-type measurement models which are found in terahertz single-pixel phase retrieval.      
### 12.RIS-Assisted Coverage Enhancement in Millimeter-Wave Cellular Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08196.pdf)
>  The use of millimeter-wave (mmWave) bandwidth is one key enabler to achieve the high data rates in the fifth-generation (5G) cellular systems. However, mmWave signals suffer from significant path loss due to high directivity and sensitivity to blockages, limiting its adoption within small-scale deployments. To enhance the coverage of mmWave communication in 5G and beyond, it is promising to deploy a large number of reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) that passively reflect mmWave signals towards desired directions. With this motivation, in this work we study the coverage of an RIS-assisted large-scale mmWave cellular network using stochastic geometry, and derive the peak reflection power expression of an RIS and the downlink signal-to-interference ratio (SIR) coverage expression in closed forms. These analytic results clarify the effectiveness of deploying RISs in the mmWave SIR coverage enhancement, while unveiling the major role of the density ratio between active base stations (BSs) and passive RISs. Furthermore, the results show that deploying passive reflectors is as effective as equipping BSs with more active antennas in the mmWave coverage enhancement. Simulation results confirm the tightness of the closed form expressions, corroborating our major findings based on the derived expressions.      
### 13.Concept framework for the safety assessment of platooning trucks enabled by V2V communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08193.pdf)
>  Large steps are being taken by the industry and R&amp;D organizations in automated driving technology development, as well as in setting up appropriate scenario-based safety assessment methods. In this paper a concept framework is proposed for a very specific group of vehicles: trucks in a platoon enabled by vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communication. The basis is formed by previously proposed scenario-based assessment methods for individual automated driving vehicles. These methods however do not consider the inter-vehicle communication component. It is shown how V2V communication interconnects vehicles in a system-of-systems, and how to include V2V communication in the scenario description. The paper also provides a vision to answer the basic question whether safety assessment should consider the platoon as a whole, or the individual vehicle in the platoon.      
### 14.Rigid Body Geometric Attitude Estimator using Multi-rate Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08185.pdf)
>  A geometric estimator is proposed for the rigid body attitude under multi-rate measurements using discrete-time Lyapunov stability analysis in this work. The angular velocity measurements are assumed to be sampled at a higher rate compared to the attitude. The attitude determination problem from two or more vector measurements in the body-fixed frame is formulated as Wahba's problem. In the case when measurements are absent, a discrete-time model for attitude kinematics is assumed in order to propagate the measurements. A discrete-time Lyapunov function is constructed as the sum of a kinetic energy-like term that is quadratic in the angular velocity estimation error and an artificial potential energy-like term obtained from Wahba's cost function. A filtering scheme is obtained by discrete-time stability analysis using a suitable Lyapunov function. The analysis shows that the filtering scheme is exponentially stable in the absence of measurement noise and the domain of convergence is almost global. For a realistic evaluation of the scheme, numerical experiments are conducted with inputs corrupted by bounded measurement noise. Simulation results exhibit convergence of the estimated states to a bounded neighborhood of the actual states.      
### 15.Gesture Recognition using Reflected Visible and Infrared Light Wave Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08178.pdf)
>  In this paper, we demonstrate the ability to recognize hand gestures in a non-contact, wireless fashion using only incoherent light signals reflected from a human subject. Fundamentally distinguished from radar, lidar and camera-based sensing systems, this sensing modality uses only a low-cost light source (e.g., LED) and sensor (e.g., photodetector). The light-wave-based gesture recognition system identifies different gestures from the variations in light intensity reflected from the subject's hand within a short (20-35 cm) range. As users perform different gestures, scattered light forms unique, statistically repeatable, time-domain signatures. These signatures can be learned by repeated sampling to obtain the training model against which unknown gesture signals are tested and categorized. Performance evaluations have been conducted with eight gestures, five subjects, different distances and lighting conditions, and with visible and infrared light sources. The results demonstrate the best hand gesture recognition performance of infrared sensing at 20 cm with an average of 96% accuracy. The developed gesture recognition system is low-cost, effective and non-contact technology for numerous Human-computer Interaction (HCI) applications.      
### 16.Audio Tagging by Cross Filtering Noisy Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08165.pdf)
>  High quality labeled datasets have allowed deep learning to achieve impressive results on many sound analysis tasks. Yet, it is labor-intensive to accurately annotate large amount of audio data, and the dataset may contain noisy labels in the practical settings. Meanwhile, the deep neural networks are susceptive to those incorrect labeled data because of their outstanding memorization ability. In this paper, we present a novel framework, named CrossFilter, to combat the noisy labels problem for audio tagging. Multiple representations (such as, Logmel and MFCC) are used as the input of our framework for providing more complementary information of the audio. Then, though the cooperation and interaction of two neural networks, we divide the dataset into curated and noisy subsets by incrementally pick out the possibly correctly labeled data from the noisy data. Moreover, our approach leverages the multi-task learning on curated and noisy subsets with different loss function to fully utilize the entire dataset. The noisy-robust loss function is employed to alleviate the adverse effects of incorrect labels. On both the audio tagging datasets FSDKaggle2018 and FSDKaggle2019, empirical results demonstrate the performance improvement compared with other competing approaches. On FSDKaggle2018 dataset, our method achieves state-of-the-art performance and even surpasses the ensemble models.      
### 17.Channel Estimation for RIS-Aided mmWave MIMO Systems via Atomic Norm Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08158.pdf)
>  A reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) can shape the radio propagation environment by virtue of changing the impinging electromagnetic waves towards any desired directions, thus, breaking the general Snell's reflection law. However, the optimal control of the RIS requires perfect channel state information (CSI) of the individual channels that link the base station (BS) and the mobile station (MS) to each other via the RIS. Thereby super-resolution channel (parameter) estimation needs to be efficiently conducted at the BS or MS with CSI feedback to the RIS controller. In this paper, we adopt a two-stage channel estimation scheme for RIS-aided millimeter wave (mmWave) MIMO systems without a direct BS-MS channel, using atomic norm minimization to sequentially estimate the channel parameters, i.e., angular parameters, angle differences, and products of propagation path gains. We evaluate the mean square error of the parameter estimates, the RIS gains, the average effective spectrum efficiency bound, and average squared distance between the designed beamforming and combining vectors and the optimal ones. The results demonstrate that the proposed scheme achieves super-resolution estimation compared to the existing benchmark schemes, thus offering promising performance in the subsequent data transmission phase.      
### 18.Subcarrier-wise Backscatter Communications over Ambient OFDM for Low Power IoT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08157.pdf)
>  Ambient backscatter communication (AmBC) over orthogonal-frequency-division-multiplexing (OFDM) signals has recently been proposed as an appealing technique for low power Internet-of-Things (IoT) applications. The special spectrum structure of OFDM signals provides a range of flexibility in terms of bit-error-rate (BER) performance, data rate, and power consumption. In this paper, we study subcarrier-wise backscatter communication over ambient OFDM signals. This new AmBC is to exploit the special spectrum structure of OFDM to transmit data over its squeezed orthogonal subcarriers. We propose a basis transmission scheme and its two modifications to support a higher data rate with superior BER performance compared to existing methods. The basis scheme can transmit one bit per subcarrier using on-off keying (OOK) modulation in the frequency domain. In the first modification, interleaved subcarrier block transmission model is employed to improve the BER performance of the system in frequency-selective channels. It results in a trade-off between the size of the blocks and data rate. Thus, in the second modification, interleaved index modulation (IM) is employed to mitigate the data rate decrementation of the former modification. It also stabilizes and controls the power of the signal to result in interference reduction for a legacy receiver. Analytical and numerical evaluations provide a proof to see the performance of the proposed method in terms of BER, data rate, and interference.      
### 19.Smart Resource Allocation: Beyond the Optimum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08150.pdf)
>  Dealing with broadcast scenarios has become a relevant topic in the scientific community. Because of interference, resource management presents a challenge, specially when spatial diversity is introduced. Many researches presented theoretical benchmarks, simplifications and low complex schemes, but in fact it is difficult the real implementation. <br>The major part of current works propose iterative solutions, which are far away of feasible results. Since the problem is not convex, iterative solutions are prohibitive. Moreover, they always require the full knowledge of the channel state information. Hence, the feedback channel is often unaffordable and makes impossible to carry a huge amount of information. <br>The present work aims to fill this gap presenting a novel scheme, from the theoretical framework to realistic scheme. It introduces the solution of the maximization of the sum rate in the broadcast scenario with multiple antennas at the transmitter. This solution aims to be realistic and to distribute the complexity between the base station and user equipment. <br>Also, due to its construction, it opens the door to be compatible with LTE standards with no relevant changes. Thus, it allows to combine the resource allocation with scheduling tasks in a LTE environment, fulfilling the feedback requirements and maximizing the sum rate of the system.      
### 20.Translate Reverberated Speech to Anechoic Ones: Speech Dereverberation with BERT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08052.pdf)
>  Single channel speech dereverberation is considered in this work. Inspired by the recent success of Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers (BERT) model in the domain of Natural Language Processing (NLP), we investigate its applicability as backbone sequence model to enhance reverberated speech signal. We present a variation of the basic BERT model: a pre-sequence network, which extracts local spectral-temporal information and/or provides order information, before the backbone sequence model. In addition, we use pre-trained neural vocoder for implicit phase reconstruction. To evaluate our method, we used the data from the 3rd CHiME challenge, and compare our results with other methods. Experiments show that the proposed method outperforms traditional method WPE, and achieve comparable performance with state-of-the-art BLSTM-based sequence models.      
### 21.Radiation pattern prediction for Metasurfaces: A Neural Network based approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08035.pdf)
>  As the current standardization for the 5G networks nears completion, work towards understanding the potential technologies for the 6G wireless networks is already underway. One of these potential technologies for the 6G networks are Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces (RISs). They offer unprecedented degrees of freedom towards engineering the wireless channel, i.e., the ability to modify the characteristics of the channel whenever and however required. Nevertheless, such properties demand that the response of the associated metasurface (MSF) is well understood under all possible operational conditions. While an understanding of the radiation pattern characteristics can be obtained through either analytical models or full wave simulations, they suffer from inaccuracy under certain conditions and extremely high computational complexity, respectively. Hence, in this paper we propose a novel neural networks based approach that enables a fast and accurate characterization of the MSF response. We analyze multiple scenarios and demonstrate the capabilities and utility of the proposed methodology. Concretely, we show that this method is able to learn and predict the parameters governing the reflected wave radiation pattern with an accuracy of a full wave simulation (98.8%-99.8%) and the time and computational complexity of an analytical model. The aforementioned result and methodology will be of specific importance for the design, fault tolerance and maintenance of the thousands of RISs that will be deployed in the 6G network environment.      
### 22.Federated Learning in Mobile Edge Computing: An Edge-Learning Perspective for Beyond 5G  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08030.pdf)
>  Owing to the large volume of sensed data from the enormous number of IoT devices in operation today, centralized machine learning algorithms operating on such data incur an unbearable training time, and thus cannot satisfy the requirements of delay-sensitive inference applications. By provisioning computing resources at the network edge, Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) has become a promising technology capable of collaborating with distributed IoT devices to facilitate federated learning, and thus realize real-time training. However, considering the large volume of sensed data and the limited resources of both edge servers and IoT devices, it is challenging to ensure the training efficiency and accuracy of delay-sensitive training tasks. Thus, in this paper, we design a novel edge computing-assisted federated learning framework, in which the communication constraints between IoT devices and edge servers and the effect of various IoT devices on the training accuracy are taken into account. On one hand, we employ machine learning methods to dynamically configure the communication resources in real-time to accelerate the interactions between IoT devices and edge servers, thus improving the training efficiency of federated learning. On the other hand, as various IoT devices have different training datasets which have varying influence on the accuracy of the global model derived at the edge server, an IoT device selection scheme is designed to improve the training accuracy under the resource constraints at edge servers. Extensive simulations have been conducted to demonstrate the performance of the introduced edge computing-assisted federated learning framework.      
### 23.Reconfigurable Waveguides Using Glide-Symmetric Bed of Nails: Design of an All-Metal Switch at Millimetre-Wave Band  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08021.pdf)
>  A reconfigurable millimeter-wave artificial waveguide using glide-symmetric pin-like contact-less metasurfaces is proposed in order to enable low loss and high-power-handling capability in switching operations. Thanks to the remarkable behaviour of glide symmetry, the meta-structures are used both as wide-band EBG material to confine the field in the guide and as low-dispersive guiding medium filling the guide itself. The reconfigurability is achieved by adjusting the displacement between the metasurfaces. A higher displacement enables propagation within the waveguide and a lower displacement suppresses it. A two-state reconfigurability is therefore designed, allowing the device to act as an on-off switch in the V-band. In particular, a dispersion analysis highlights the potential of such technology to achieve switching operating over a 55-66 GHz frequency range. A complete design including matching mechanism and WR15 feeding is also described and shown to exhibit a $S_{11}&lt;-10$ dB bandwidth from 57.4 to 62.8 GHz. In the "off" state, the switch isolation is better than 65 dB and in the "on" state, the insertion losses are better than 0.7 dB within the entire operating frequency range. The isolation between two adjacent waveguides is also discussed to assess the integration of such a device within a switching network.      
### 24.Xiaomingbot: A Multilingual Robot News Reporter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08005.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the building of Xiaomingbot, an intelligent, multilingual and multimodal software robot equipped with four integral capabilities: news generation, news translation, news reading and avatar animation. Its system summarizes Chinese news that it automatically generates from data tables. Next, it translates the summary or the full article into multiple languages, and reads the multilingual rendition through synthesized speech. Notably, Xiaomingbot utilizes a voice cloning technology to synthesize the speech trained from a real person's voice data in one input language. The proposed system enjoys several merits: it has an animated avatar, and is able to generate and read multilingual news. Since it was put into practice, Xiaomingbot has written over 600,000 articles, and gained over 150,000 followers on social media platforms.      
### 25.Data augmentation enhanced speaker enrollment for text-dependent speaker verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08004.pdf)
>  Data augmentation is commonly used for generating additional data from the available training data to achieve a robust estimation of the parameters of complex models like the one for speaker verification (SV), especially for under-resourced applications. SV involves training speaker-independent (SI) models and speaker-dependent models where speakers are represented by models derived from an SI model using the training data for the particular speaker during the enrollment phase. While data augmentation for training SI models is well studied, data augmentation for speaker enrollment is rarely explored. In this paper, we propose the use of data augmentation methods for generating extra data to empower speaker enrollment. Each data augmentation method generates a new data set. Two strategies of using the data sets are explored: the first one is to training separate systems and fuses them at the score level and the other is to conduct multi-conditional training. Furthermore, we study the effect of data augmentation under noisy conditions. Experiments are performed on RedDots challenge 2016 database, and the results validate the effectiveness of the proposed methods.      
### 26.Frequency Regulation with Heterogeneous Energy Resources: A Realization using Distributed Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07971.pdf)
>  This paper presents one of the first real-life demonstrations of coordinated and distributed resource control for secondary frequency response in a power distribution grid. We conduct a series of tests with up to 69 heterogeneous active devices consisting of air handling units, unidirectional and bidirectional electric vehicle charging stations, a battery energy storage system, and 107 passive devices consisting of building loads and photovoltaic generators. Actuation commands for the test devices are obtained by solving an economic dispatch problem at every regulation instant using distributed ratio-consensus, primal-dual, and Newton-like algorithms. The distributed control setup consists of a set of Raspberry Pi end-points exchanging messages via an ethernet switch. The problem formulation minimizes the sum of device costs while tracking the setpoints provided by the system operator. We demonstrate accurate and fast real-time distributed computation of the optimization solution and effective tracking of the regulation signal by measuring physical device outputs over 40-minute time horizons. We also perform an economic benefit analysis which confirms eligibility to participate in an ancillary services market and demonstrates up to $49K of potential annual revenue for the selected population of devices.      
### 27.An Ensemble of Convolutional Neural Networks for Audio Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07966.pdf)
>  In this paper, ensembles of classifiers that exploit several data augmentation techniques and four signal representations for training Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for audio classification are presented and tested on three freely available audio classification datasets: i) bird calls, ii) cat sounds, and iii) the Environmental Sound Classification dataset. The best performing ensembles combining data augmentation techniques with different signal representations are compared and shown to outperform the best methods reported in the literature on these datasets. The approach proposed here obtains state-of-the-art results in the widely used ESC-50 dataset. To the best of our knowledge, this is the most extensive study investigating ensembles of CNNs for audio classification. Results demonstrate not only that CNNs can be trained for audio classification but also that their fusion using different techniques works better than the stand-alone classifiers.      
### 28.Slicing at the Physical Layer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07957.pdf)
>  In next generation communications, slicing enables the selection and allocation of network resources to suit the requirements of very different vertical-driven use cases and applications. This work addresses fast real-time resource slicing by proposing the novel concept of slicing at the physical layer. To implement such a concept an orthonormal transform is devised that splits the Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplex (OFDM) symbol into slices with ranked rate and latency. The advantage over any carrier or time segmentation of the original frame is that the proposed technique does not require channel information at transmission. Also, the frame overhead improves, and the decoding time is kept simple.      
### 29.A Reduced Complexity Ungerboeck Receiver for Quantized Wideband Massive SC-MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08467.pdf)
>  Employing low resolution analog-to-digital converters in massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) has many advantages in terms of total power consumption, cost and feasibility of such systems. However, such advantages come together with significant challenges in channel estimation and data detection due to the severe quantization noise present. In this study, we propose a novel iterative receiver for quantized uplink single carrier MIMO (SC-MIMO) utilizing an efficient message passing algorithm based on the Bussgang decomposition and Ungerboeck factorization, which avoids the use of a complex whitening filter. A reduced state sequence estimator with bidirectional decision feedback is also derived, achieving remarkable complexity reduction compared to the existing receivers for quantized SC-MIMO in the literature, without any requirement on the sparsity of the transmission channel. Moreover, the linear minimum mean-square-error (LMMSE) channel estimator for SC-MIMO under frequency-selective channel, which do not require any cyclic-prefix overhead, is also derived. We show that the proposed receiver shows significant performance gains with respect to the existing receivers in the literature under imperfect channel state information provided by the proposed channel estimator.      
### 30.Specification mining and automated task planning for autonomous robots based on a graph-based spatial temporal logic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08451.pdf)
>  We aim to enable an autonomous robot to learn new skills from demo videos and use these newly learned skills to accomplish non-trivial high-level tasks. The goal of developing such autonomous robot involves knowledge representation, specification mining, and automated task planning. For knowledge representation, we use a graph-based spatial temporal logic (GSTL) to capture spatial and temporal information of related skills demonstrated by demo videos. We design a specification mining algorithm to generate a set of parametric GSTL formulas from demo videos by inductively constructing spatial terms and temporal formulas. The resulting parametric GSTL formulas from specification mining serve as a domain theory, which is used in automated task planning for autonomous robots. We propose an automatic task planning based on GSTL where a proposer is used to generate ordered actions, and a verifier is used to generate executable task plans. A table setting example is used throughout the paper to illustrate the main ideas.      
### 31.SHE-MTJ Circuits for Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08437.pdf)
>  We report the performance characteristics of a notional Convolutional Neural Network based on the previously-proposed Multiply-Accumulate-Activate-Pool set, an MTJ-based spintronic circuit made to compute multiple neural functionalities in parallel. A study of image classification with the MNIST handwritten digits dataset using this network is provided via simulation. The effect of changing the weight representation precision, the severity of device process variation within the MAAP sets and the computational redundancy are provided. The emulated network achieves between 90 and 95\% image classification accuracy at a cost of ~100 nJ per image.      
### 32.Automatic Detection of Cue Points for DJ Mixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08411.pdf)
>  The automatic identification of cue points is a central task in applications as diverse as music thumbnailing, mash-ups generation, and DJ mixing. Our focus lies in electronic dance music and in specific cue points, the "switch points", that make it possible to automatically construct transitions among tracks, mimicking what professional DJs do. We present an approach for the detection of switch points that embody a few general rules we established from interviews with professional DJs; the implementation of these rules is based on features extraction and novelty analysis. The quality of the generated switch points is assessed both by comparing them with a manually annotated dataset that we curated, and by evaluating them individually. We found that about 96\% of the points generated by our methodology are of good quality for use in a DJ mix.      
### 33.Multi-Task Pruning for Semantic Segmentation Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08386.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on channel pruning for semantic segmentation networks. There are a large number of works to compress and accelerate deep neural networks in the classification task (e.g., ResNet-50 on ImageNet), but they cannot be straightforwardly applied to the semantic segmentation network that involves an implicit multi-task learning problem. To boost the segmentation performance, the backbone of semantic segmentation network is often pre-trained on a large scale classification dataset (e.g., ImageNet), and then optimized on the desired segmentation dataset. Hence to identify the redundancy in segmentation networks, we present a multi-task channel pruning approach. The importance of each convolution filter w.r.t the channel of an arbitrary layer will be simultaneously determined by the classification and segmentation tasks. In addition, we develop an alternative scheme for optimizing importance scores of filters in the entire network. Experimental results on several benchmarks illustrate the superiority of the proposed algorithm over the state-of-the-art pruning methods. Notably, we can obtain an about $2\times$ FLOPs reduction on DeepLabv3 with only an about $1\%$ mIoU drop on the PASCAL VOC 2012 dataset and an about $1.3\%$ mIoU drop on Cityscapes dataset, respectively.      
### 34.Unsupervised machine learning via transfer learning and k-means clustering to classify materials image data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08361.pdf)
>  Unsupervised machine learning offers significant opportunities for extracting knowledge from unlabeled data sets and for achieving maximum machine learning performance. This paper demonstrates how to construct, use, and evaluate a high performance unsupervised machine learning system for classifying images in a popular microstructural dataset. The Northeastern University Steel Surface Defects Database includes micrographs of six different defects observed on hot-rolled steel in a format that is convenient for training and evaluating models for image classification. We use the VGG16 convolutional neural network pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset of natural images to extract feature representations for each micrograph. After applying principal component analysis to extract signal from the feature descriptors, we use k-means clustering to classify the images without needing labeled training data. The approach achieves $99.4\% \pm 0.16\%$ accuracy, and the resulting model can be used to classify new images without retraining This approach demonstrates an improvement in both performance and utility compared to a previous study. A sensitivity analysis is conducted to better understand the influence of each step on the classification performance. The results provide insight toward applying unsupervised machine learning techniques to problems of interest in materials science.      
### 35.Resource Allocation in Uplink NOMA-IoT Networks: A Reinforcement-Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08350.pdf)
>  Non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) exploits the potential of power domain to enhance the connectivity for Internet of Things (IoT). Due to time-varying communication channels, dynamic user clustering is a promising method to increase the throughput of NOMA-IoT networks. This paper develops an intelligent resource allocation scheme for uplink NOMA-IoT communications. To maximise the average performance of sum rates, this work designs an efficient optimization approach based on two reinforcement learning algorithms, namely deep reinforcement learning (DRL) and SARSA-learning. For light traffic, SARSA-learning is used to explore the safest resource allocation policy with low cost. For heavy traffic, DRL is used to handle traffic-introduced huge variables. With the aid of the considered approach, this work addresses two main problems of the fair resource allocation in NOMA techniques: 1) allocating users dynamically and 2) balancing resource blocks and network traffic. We analytically demonstrate that the rate of convergence is inversely proportional to network sizes. Numerical results show that: 1) compared with the optimal benchmark scheme, the proposed DRL and SARSA-learning algorithms achieve high accuracy with low complexity and 2) NOMA-enabled IoT networks outperform the conventional orthogonal multiple access based IoT networks in terms of system throughput.      
### 36.MaxSAT Evaluation 2020 -- Benchmark: Identifying Maximum Probability Minimal Cut Sets in Fault Trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08255.pdf)
>  This paper presents a MaxSAT benchmark focused on the identification of Maximum Probability Minimal Cut Sets (MPMCSs) in fault trees. We address the MPMCS problem by transforming the input fault tree into a weighted logical formula that is then used to build and solve a Weighted Partial MaxSAT problem. The benchmark includes 80 cases with fault trees of different size and composition as well as the optimal cost and solution for each case.      
### 37.SSN: Soft Shadow Network for Image Compositing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08211.pdf)
>  In image compositing tasks, objects from different sources are put together to form a new image. Artists often increase realism by adding object shadows to match the scene geometry and lighting. However, creating realistic soft shadows requires skill and is time-consuming. We introduce a Soft Shadow Network to generate convincing soft shadows for 2D object cutouts automatically. SSN takes an object cutout mask as input and thus is agnostic to image types such as painting and vector art. Although inferring the 3D shape of an object from its silhouette can be ambiguous, it is easy for humans to get the 3D geometry from a 2D projection when it is in an iconic view. We follow this intuition and train the SSN to render soft shadows for objects' iconic views. To train our model, we design an efficient pipeline to produce diverse soft shadow training data using 3D object models. Our pipeline first computes a set of soft shadow bases by sampling hard shadows. During training, environment lighting maps that cover a wide spectrum of possible configurations are used to calculate the soft shadow ground truth using the shadow bases. This enables our model to see a complex lighting pattern and to learn the interaction between the lights and 3D geometries. In addition, we propose an inverse shadow map representation, which makes the training focused on the shadow area and leads to much faster convergence and better performance. We show that our model produces realistic soft shadow details for objects of different shapes. A user study shows that SSN generated shadows are often indistinguishable from shadows calculated by physics-based rendering. Our SSN can produce a shadow in real-time and it allows real-time interactive shadow manipulation. We develop a simple user interface and a second user study shows that amateur users can easily use our tool to generate soft shadows matching a reference shadow.      
### 38.Distributed Heteromodal Split Learning for Vision Aided mmWave Received Power Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08208.pdf)
>  The goal of this work is the accurate prediction of millimeter-wave received power leveraging both radio frequency (RF) signals and heterogeneous visual data from multiple distributed cameras, in a communication and energy-efficient manner while preserving data privacy. To this end, firstly focusing on data privacy, we propose heteromodal split learning with feature aggregation (HetSLAgg) that splits neural network (NN) models into camera-side and base station (BS)-side segments. The BS-side NN segment fuses RF signals and uploaded image features without collecting raw images. However, the usage of multiple visual data leads to an increase in NN input dimensions, which gives rise to additional communication and energy costs. To overcome additional communication and energy costs due to image interpolation to blend different frame rates, we propose a novel BS-side manifold mixup technique that offloads the interpolation operations from cameras to a BS. Subsequently, we confront energy costs for operating a larger size of the BS- side NN segment due to concatenating image features across cameras and propose an energy-efficient aggregation method. This is done via a linear combination of image features instead of concatenating them, where the NN size is independent of the number of cameras. Comprehensive test-bed experiments with measured channels demonstrate that HetSLAgg reduces the prediction error by 44% compared to a baseline leveraging only RF received power. Moreover, the experiments show that the designed HetSLAgg achieves over 20% gains in terms of communication and energy cost reduction compared to several baseline designs within at most 1% of accuracy loss.      
### 39.A Product Channel Attack to Wireless Physical Layer Security  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08162.pdf)
>  We propose a novel attack that compromises the physical layer security of downlink (DL) communications in wireless systems. This technique is based on the transmission of a slowly-varying random symbol by the eavesdropper during its uplink transmission, so that the equivalent fading channel observed at the base station (BS) has a larger variance. Then, the BS designs the secure DL transmission under the assumption that the eavesdropper's channel experiences a larger fading severity than in reality. We show that this approach can lead the BS to transmit to Bob at a rate larger than the secrecy capacity, thus compromising the system secure operation. Our analytical results, corroborated by simulations, show that the use of multiple antennas at the BS may partially alleviate but not immunize against these type of attacks.      
### 40.Enhanced detection of fetal pose in 3D MRI by Deep Reinforcement Learning with physical structure priors on anatomy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08146.pdf)
>  Fetal MRI is heavily constrained by unpredictable and substantial fetal motion that causes image artifacts and limits the set of viable diagnostic image contrasts. Current mitigation of motion artifacts is predominantly performed by fast, single-shot MRI and retrospective motion correction. Estimation of fetal pose in real time during MRI stands to benefit prospective methods to detect and mitigate fetal motion artifacts where inferred fetal motion is combined with online slice prescription with low-latency decision making. Current developments of deep reinforcement learning (DRL), offer a novel approach for fetal landmarks detection. In this task 15 agents are deployed to detect 15 landmarks simultaneously by DRL. The optimization is challenging, and here we propose an improved DRL that incorporates priors on physical structure of the fetal body. First, we use graph communication layers to improve the communication among agents based on a graph where each node represents a fetal-body landmark. Further, additional reward based on the distance between agents and physical structures such as the fetal limbs is used to fully exploit physical structure. Evaluation of this method on a repository of 3-mm resolution in vivo data demonstrates a mean accuracy of landmark estimation within 10 mm of ground truth as 87.3%, and a mean error of 6.9 mm. The proposed DRL for fetal pose landmark search demonstrates a potential clinical utility for online detection of fetal motion that guides real-time mitigation of motion artifacts as well as health diagnosis during MRI of the pregnant mother.      
### 41.Piezoelectric SPDT NEMS Switch for Complementary Logic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08134.pdf)
>  Off-state current leakage and switching delay has become the main challenge for continued complementary metal-oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) technology scaling. Previous work proposes a "see-saw" relay structure to mimic the operation of CMOS. This paper presents a novel single-pole double-throw (SPDT) switch structure based on AlN piezoelectric cantilever beam to improve the former "see-saw" relay structure. Geometry parameters are given and key switch parameters such as actuation voltage, switching time and contact force have been calculated and compared with previous "see-saw" relay structure. Analysis and design process is shown and micro-fabrication process is described as well.      
### 42.Layer-Wise Adaptive Updating for Few-Shot Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08129.pdf)
>  Few-shot image classification (FSIC), which requires a model to recognize new categories via learning from few images of these categories, has attracted lots of attention. Recently, meta-learning based methods have been shown as a promising direction for FSIC. Commonly, they train a meta-learner (meta-learning model) to learn easy fine-tuning weight, and when solving an FSIC task, the meta-learner efficiently fine-tunes itself to a task-specific model by updating itself on few images of the task. In this paper, we propose a novel meta-learning based layer-wise adaptive updating (LWAU) method for FSIC. LWAU is inspired by an interesting finding that compared with common deep models, the meta-learner pays much more attention to update its top layer when learning from few images. According to this finding, we assume that the meta-learner may greatly prefer updating its top layer to updating its bottom layers for better FSIC performance. Therefore, in LWAU, the meta-learner is trained to learn not only the easy fine-tuning model but also its favorite layer-wise adaptive updating rule to improve its learning efficiency. Extensive experiments show that with the layer-wise adaptive updating rule, the proposed LWAU: 1) outperforms existing few-shot classification methods with a clear margin; 2) learns from few images more efficiently by at least 5 times than existing meta-learners when solving FSIC.      
### 43.Skip to Secure: Securing Cyber-physical Control Loops with Intentionally Skipped Executions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08121.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of provably securing a given control loop implementation in the presence of adversarial interventions on data exchange between plant and controller. Such interventions can be thwarted using continuously operating monitoring systems and also cryptographic techniques, both of which consume network and computational resources. We provide a principled approach for intentional skipping of control loop executions which may qualify as a useful control theoretic countermeasure against stealthy attacks which violate message integrity and authenticity. As is evident from our experiments, such a control theoretic counter-measure helps in lowering the cryptographic security measure overhead and resulting resource consumption in Control Area Network (CAN) based automotive CPS without compromising performance and safety.      
### 44.Energy Harvesting in Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Networks with 3D Antenna Radiation Patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08108.pdf)
>  In this paper, an analytical framework is provided to analyze the energy coverage performance of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) energy harvesting networks with clustered user equipments (UEs). Locations of UEs are modeled as a Poisson Cluster Process (PCP), and UAVs are assumed to be located at a certain height above the center of user clusters. Hence, user-centric UAV deployments are addressed. Two different models are considered for the line-of-sight (LOS) probability function to compare their effects on the network performance. Moreover, antennas with doughnut-shaped radiation patterns are employed at both UAVs and UEs, and the impact of practical 3D antenna radiation patterns on the network performance is also investigated. Initially, the path loss of each tier is statistically described by deriving the complementary cumulative distribution function and probability density function. Following this, association probabilities with each tier are determined, and energy coverage probability of the UAV network is characterized in terms of key system and network parameters for UAV deployments both at a single height level and more generally at multiple heights. Through numerical results, we have shown that cluster size and UAV height play crucial roles on the energy coverage performance. Furthermore, energy coverage probability is significantly affected by the antenna orientation and number of UAVs in the network.      
### 45.EfficientHRNet: Efficient Scaling for Lightweight High-Resolution Multi-Person Pose Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08090.pdf)
>  Recent years have brought great advancement in 2D human pose estimation. However, bottom-up approaches that do not rely on external detectors to generate person crops, tend to have large model sizes and intense computational requirements, making them ill-suited for applications where large computation costs can be prohibitive. Lightweight approaches are exceedingly rare and often come at the price of massive accuracy loss. In this paper, we present EfficientHRNet, a family of lightweight 2D human pose estimators that unifies the high-resolution structure of state-of-the-art HigherHRNet with the highly efficient model scaling principles of EfficientNet to create high accuracy models with significantly reduced computation costs compared to other state-of-the-art approaches. In addition, we provide a formulation for jointly scaling our backbone EfficientNet below the baseline B0 and the rest of EfficientHRNet with it. Ultimately, we are able to create a family of highly accurate and efficient 2D human pose estimators that is flexible enough to provide a lightweight solution for a variety of application and device requirements. Baseline EfficientHRNet achieves a 0.4% accuracy improvement when compared to HRNet while having a 34% reduction in floating point operations. When compared to Lightweight OpenPose, a compressed network designed specifically for lightweight inference, one EfficientHRNet model outperforms it by over 10% in accuracy while reducing overall computation by 15%, and another model, while only having 2% higher accuracy than Lightweight OpenPose, is able to further reduce computational complexity by 63%. At every level, EfficientHRNet proves to be more computationally efficient than other bottom-up 2D human pose estimation approaches, while achieving highly competitive accuracy.      
### 46.Predicting Mechanical Ventilation Requirement and Mortality in COVID-19 using Radiomics and Deep Learning on Chest Radiographs: A Multi-Institutional Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08028.pdf)
>  Objectives: To predict mechanical ventilation requirement and mortality using computational modeling of chest radiographs (CXR) for coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) patients. We also investigate the relative advantages of deep learning (DL), radiomics, and DL of radiomic-embedded feature maps in predicting these outcomes. <br>Methods: This two-center, retrospective study analyzed deidentified CXRs taken from 514 patients suspected of COVID-19 infection on presentation at Stony Brook University Hospital (SBUH) and Newark Beth Israel Medical Center (NBIMC) between the months of March and June 2020. A DL segmentation pipeline was developed to generate masks for both lung fields and artifacts for each CXR. Machine learning classifiers to predict mechanical ventilation requirement and mortality were trained and evaluated on 353 baseline CXRs taken from COVID-19 positive patients. A novel radiomic embedding framework is also explored for outcome prediction. <br>Results: Classification models for mechanical ventilation requirement (test N=154) and mortality (test N=190) had AUCs of up to 0.904 and 0.936, respectively. We also found that the inclusion of radiomic-embedded maps improved DL model predictions of clinical outcomes. <br>Conclusions: We demonstrate the potential for computerized analysis of baseline CXR in predicting disease outcomes in COVID-19 patients. Our results also suggest that radiomic embedding improves DL models in medical image analysis, a technique that might be explored further in other pathologies. The models proposed in this study and the prognostic information they provide, complementary to other clinical data, might be used to aid physician decision making and resource allocation during the COVID-19 pandemic.      
### 47.Convexifying Sparse Interpolation with Infinitely Wide Neural Networks: An Atomic Norm Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08009.pdf)
>  This work examines the problem of exact data interpolation via sparse (neuron count), infinitely wide, single hidden layer neural networks with leaky rectified linear unit activations. Using the atomic norm framework of [Chandrasekaran et al., 2012], we derive simple characterizations of the convex hulls of the corresponding atomic sets for this problem under several different constraints on the weights and biases of the network, thus obtaining equivalent convex formulations for these problems. A modest extension of our proposed framework to a binary classification problem is also presented. We explore the efficacy of the resulting formulations experimentally, and compare with networks trained via gradient descent.      
### 48.Stutter Diagnosis and Therapy System Based on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.08003.pdf)
>  Stuttering, also called stammering, is a communication disorder that breaks the continuity of the speech. This program of work is an attempt to develop automatic recognition procedures to assess stuttered dysfluencies and use these assessments to filter out speech therapies for an individual. Stuttering may be in the form of repetitions, prolongations or abnormal stoppages of sounds and syllables. Our system aims to help stutterers by diagnosing the severity and type of stutter and also by suggesting appropriate therapies for practice by learning the correlation between stutter descriptors and the effectiveness of speech therapies on them. This paper focuses on the implementation of a stutter diagnosis agent using Gated Recurrent CNN on MFCC audio features and therapy recommendation agent using SVM. It also presents the results obtained and various key findings of the system developed.      
### 49.The Notary in the Haystack -- Countering Class Imbalance in Document Processing with CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07943.pdf)
>  Notarial instruments are a category of documents. A notarial instrument can be distinguished from other documents by its notary sign, a prominent symbol in the certificate, which also allows to identify the document's issuer. Naturally, notarial instruments are underrepresented in regard to other documents. This makes a classification difficult because class imbalance in training data worsens the performance of Convolutional Neural Networks. In this work, we evaluate different countermeasures for this problem. They are applied to a binary classification and a segmentation task on a collection of medieval documents. In classification, notarial instruments are distinguished from other documents, while the notary sign is separated from the certificate in the segmentation task. We evaluate different techniques, such as data augmentation, under- and oversampling, as well as regularizing with focal loss. The combination of random minority oversampling and data augmentation leads to the best performance. In segmentation, we evaluate three loss-functions and their combinations, where only class-weighted dice loss was able to segment the notary sign sufficiently.      
### 50.Filter Style Transfer between Photos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07925.pdf)
>  Over the past few years, image-to-image style transfer has risen to the frontiers of neural image processing. While conventional methods were successful in various tasks such as color and texture transfer between images, none could effectively work with the custom filter effects that are applied by users through various platforms like Instagram. In this paper, we introduce a new concept of style transfer, Filter Style Transfer (FST). Unlike conventional style transfer, new technique FST can extract and transfer custom filter style from a filtered style image to a content image. FST first infers the original image from a filtered reference via image-to-image translation. Then it estimates filter parameters from the difference between them. To resolve the ill-posed nature of reconstructing the original image from the reference, we represent each pixel color of an image to class mean and deviation. Besides, to handle the intra-class color variation, we propose an uncertainty based weighted least square method for restoring an original image. To the best of our knowledge, FST is the first style transfer method that can transfer custom filter effects between FHD image under 2ms on a mobile device without any textual context loss.      
### 51.Image De-Quantization Using Generative Models as Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07923.pdf)
>  Image quantization is used in several applications aiming in reducing the number of available colors in an image and therefore its size. De-quantization is the task of reversing the quantization effect and recovering the original multi-chromatic level image. Existing techniques achieve de-quantization by imposing suitable constraints on the ideal image in order to make the recovery problem feasible since it is otherwise ill-posed. Our goal in this work is to develop a de-quantization mechanism through a rigorous mathematical analysis which is based on the classical statistical estimation theory. In this effort we incorporate generative modeling of the ideal image as a suitable prior information. The resulting technique is simple and capable of de-quantizing successfully images that have experienced severe quantization effects. Interestingly, our method can recover images even if the quantization process is not exactly known and contains unknown parameters.      
