# ArXiv eess --Thu, 16 Jul 2020
### 1.A Fast Iterative Algorithm to design phase only sequences by minimizing the ISL metric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07873.pdf)
>  Unimodular/Phase only sequence having impulse like aperiodic auto-correlation function plays a central role in the applications of RADAR, SONAR, Cryptography, and Wireless (CDMA) Communication Systems. In this paper, we propose a fast iterative algorithm to design phase only sequences of arbitrary lengths by minimizing the Integrated Side-lobe Level (ISL) metric, which is very closely related to the auto-correlation property of a sequence. The ISL minimization problem is solved iteratively by using the Majorization-Minimization (MM) technique, which ensures a monotonic convergence to the stationary minimum point. To highlight the performance of a proposed algorithm, we conduct the numerical experiments for different sequence lengths using different initializations and also compare them with the existing algorithms. Numerical simulations show that irrespective of the sequence length and initialization, the proposed algorithm is performing better than the state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of speed of convergence. We also show a computationally efficient way to implement our proposed algorithm by using the FFT and IFFT operations.      
### 2.A Graph Theoretic Approach to Power System Vulnerability Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07859.pdf)
>  During major power system disturbances, when multiple component outages occur in rapid succession, it becomes crucial to quickly identify the transmission interconnections that have limited power transfer capability. Understanding the impact of an outage on these critical interconnections (called saturated cut-sets) is important for enhancing situational awareness and taking correct actions. This paper proposes a new graph theoretic approach for analyzing whether a contingency will create a saturated cut-set in a meshed power network. A novel feature of the proposed algorithm is that it lowers the solution time significantly making the approach viable for real-time operations. It also indicates the minimum amount by which the power transfer through the critical interconnections should be reduced so that post-contingency saturation does not occur. Robustness of the proposed algorithm for enhanced situational awareness is demonstrated using the IEEE-118 bus system as well as a 17,000+ bus model of the Western Interconnection (WI). Comparisons made with different approaches for power system vulnerability assessment prove the utility of the proposed scheme for aiding power system operations during extreme exigencies.      
### 3.The Isoline Tracking in Unknown Scalar Fields with Concentration Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07733.pdf)
>  The isoline tracking of this work is concerned with the control design for a sensing vehicle to track a desired isoline of an unknown scalar field. To this end, we propose a simple PI-like controller for a Dubins vehicle in the GPS-denied environments. Our key idea lies in the design of a novel sliding surface based error in the standard PI controller. For the circular field, we show that the P-like controller can globally regulate the vehicle to the desired isoline with the steady-state error that can be arbitrarily reduced by increasing the P gain, and is eliminated by the PI-like controller. For any smoothing field, the P-like controller is able to achieve the local regulation. Then, it is extended to the cases of a single-integrator vehicle and a doubleintegrator vehicle, respectively. Finally, the effectiveness and advantages of our approaches are validated via simulations on the fixed-wing UAV and quadrotor simulators.      
### 4.Cross-Lingual Speaker Verification with Domain-Balanced Hard Prototype Mining and Language-Dependent Score Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07689.pdf)
>  In this paper we describe the top-scoring IDLab submission for the text-independent task of the Short-duration Speaker Verification (SdSV) Challenge 2020. The main difficulty of the challenge exists in the large degree of varying phonetic overlap between the optionally cross-lingual trials, along with the limited availability of in-domain DeepMine Farsi training data. We introduce domain-balanced hard prototype mining to fine-tune the state-of-the-art ECAPA-TDNN x-vector based speaker embedding extractor. The sample mining technique efficiently exploits speaker distances between the speaker prototypes of the popular AAM-softmax loss function to construct challenging training batches that are balanced on the domain-level. To enhance the scoring of cross-lingual trials, we propose a language-dependent s-norm score normalization. The imposter cohort only contains data from the Farsi target-domain which simulates the enrollment data always being Farsi. In case a Gaussian-Backend language model detects the test speaker embedding to contain English, a cross-language compensation offset determined on the AAM-softmax speaker prototypes is subtracted from the maximum expected imposter mean score. A fusion of five systems with minor topological tweaks resulted in a final MinDCF and EER of 0.065 and 1.45% respectively on the SdSVC evaluation set.      
### 5.3D Polarized Modulation: System Analysis and Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07675.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a novel modulation technique for dual polarization communication systems, which reduces the error rate compared with the existent schemes. This modulation places the symbols in a 3D constellation, rather than the classic approach of 2D. Adjusting the phase of these symbols depending on the information bits, we are able to increase the bit rate. Hence, the proposed scheme conveys information by selecting both polarization state and the phase of radiated electromagnetic wave. We also analyse the performance of 3D Polarized Modulation (PMod) for different constellation sizes and we obtain a curve of rate adaptation. Finally, we compare the proposed 3D PMod with other existing schemes such as single polarization Phase Shift Keying (PSK) and double polarization Vertical Bell Laboratories Layer Space-Time (V-BLAST), both carrying the same number of information bits. The results show that 3D PMod always outperforms all other schemes, except for low order modulation. Therefore, we can conclude that 3D PMod is an excellent candidate for medium and high modulation order transmissions.      
### 6.A survey and an extensive evaluation of popular audio declipping methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07663.pdf)
>  Dynamic range limitations in signal processing often lead to clipping, or saturation, in signals. Audio declipping is the task of estimating the original audio signal given its clipped measurements and has attracted a lot of interest in recent years. Audio declipping algorithms often make assumptions about the underlying signal, such as sparsity or low-rankness, as well as the measurement system. In this paper, we provide an extensive review of audio declipping algorithms proposed in the literature. For each algorithm, we present the assumptions being made about the audio signal, the modeling domain, as well as the optimization algorithm. Furthermore, we provide an extensive numerical evaluation of popular declipping algorithms, on real audio data. We evaluate each algorithm in terms of the Signal-to-Distortion Ratio, as well as using perceptual metrics of sound quality. The article is accompanied with the repository containing the evaluated methods.      
### 7.A 0.5GHz 0.35mW LDO-Powered Constant-Slope Phase Interpolator with 0.22$\%$ INL  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07654.pdf)
>  Clock generators are an essential and critical building block of any communication link, whether it be wired or wireless, and they are increasingly critical given the push for lower I/O power and higher bandwidth in Systems-on-Chip (SoCs) for the Internet-of-Things (IoT). One recurrent issue with clock generators is multiple-phase generation, especially for low-power applications; several methods of phase generation have been proposed, one of which is phase interpolation. We propose a phase interpolator (PI) that employs the concept of constant-slope operation. Consequently, a low-power highly-linear operation is coupled with the wide dynamic range (i.e. phase wrapping) capabilities of a PI. Furthermore, the PI is powered by a low-dropout regulator (LDO) supporting fast transient operation. Implemented in 65-nm CMOS technology, it consumes 350$\mu$W at a 1.2-V supply and a 0.5-GHz clock; it achieves energy efficiency 4$\times$-15$\times$ lower than state-of-the-art (SoA) digital-to-time converters (DTCs) and an integral non-linearity (INL) of 2.5$\times$-3.1$\times$ better than SoA PIs, striking a good balance between linearity and energy efficiency.      
### 8.Decoding 5G-NR Communications via Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07644.pdf)
>  Upcoming modern communications are based on 5G specifications and aim at providing solutions for novel vertical industries. One of the major changes of the physical layer is the use of Low-Density Parity-Check (LDPC) code for channel coding. Although LDPC codes introduce additional computational complexity compared with the previous generation, where Turbocodes where used, LDPC codes provide a reasonable trade-off in terms of complexity-Bit Error Rate (BER). In parallel to this, Deep Learning algorithms are experiencing a new revolution, specially to image and video processing. In this context, there are some approaches that can be exploited in radio communications. In this paper we propose to use Autoencoding Neural Networks (ANN) jointly with a Deep Neural Network (DNN) to construct Autoencoding Deep Neural Networks (ADNN) for demapping and decoding. The results will unveil that, for a particular BER target, $3$ dB less of Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) is required, in Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN) channels.      
### 9.Delay-sensitive Joint Optimal Control and Resource Management in Multi-loop Networked Control Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07634.pdf)
>  In the operation of networked control systems, where multiple processes share a resource-limited and time-varying cost-sensitive network, communication delay is inevitable and primarily influenced by, first, the control systems deploying intermittent sensor sampling to reduce the communication cost by restricting non-urgent transmissions, and second, the network performing resource management to minimize excessive traffic and eventually data loss. In a heterogeneous scenario, where control systems may tolerate only specific levels of sensor-to-controller latency, delay sensitivities need to be considered in the design of control and network policies to achieve the desired performance guarantees. We propose a cross-layer optimal co-design of control, sampling and resource management policies for an NCS consisting of multiple stochastic linear time-invariant systems which close their sensor-to-controller loops over a shared network. Aligned with advanced communication technology, we assume that the network offers a range of latency-varying transmission services for given prices. Local samplers decide either to pay higher cost to access a low-latency channel, or to delay sending a state sample at a reduced price. A resource manager residing in the network data-link layer arbitrates channel access and re-allocates resources if link capacities are exceeded. The performance of the local closed-loop systems is measured by a combination of linear-quadratic Gaussian cost and a suitable communication cost, and the overall objective is to minimize a defined social cost by all three policy makers. We derive optimal control, sampling and resource allocation policies under different cross-layer awareness models, including constant and time-varying parameters, and show that higher awareness generally leads to performance enhancement at the expense of higher computational complexity.      
### 10.A Molecular Communication Perspective on Airborne Pathogen Transmission and Reception via Droplets Generated by Coughing and Sneezing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07598.pdf)
>  Infectious diseases spread via pathogens such as viruses and bacteria. Airborne pathogen transmission via droplets is an important mode for infectious diseases. In this paper, the spreading mechanism of infectious diseases by airborne pathogen transmission between two humans is modeled with a molecular communication perspective. An end-to-end system model which considers the pathogen-laden cough/sneeze droplets as the input and the infection state of the human as the output is proposed. This model uses the gravity, initial velocity and buoyancy for the propagation of droplets and a receiver model which considers the central part of the human face as the reception interface is proposed. Furthermore, the probability of infection for an uninfected human is derived by modeling the number of propagating droplets as a random process. The numerical results reveal that exposure time and sex of the human affect the probability of infection. In addition, the social distance for a horizontal cough should be at least 1.7 m and the safe coughing angle of a coughing human to infect less people should be less than -25$^\circ$.      
### 11.Multivariate Circulant Singular Spectrum Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07561.pdf)
>  Multivariate Circulant Singular Spectrum Analysis (M-CiSSA) is a non-parametric automated technique that allows to extract signals of time series at any frequency specified beforehand. It is useful to uncover co-movements at different frequencies and understand their commonalities and specificities. We apply M-CiSSA to understand the main drivers and co-movements of energy commodity prices at trend and cyclical frequencies that are key to assess energy policy at different time horizons. We clearly distinguish the detached behaviour of US natural gas from the rest of energy commodities at both frequencies while coals and Japan natural gas only decouple at the cyclical frequency.      
### 12.Group Invariant Dictionary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07550.pdf)
>  The dictionary learning problem concerns the task of representing data as sparse linear sums drawn from a smaller collection of basic building blocks. In application domains where such techniques are deployed, we frequently encounter datasets where some form of symmetry or invariance is present. Based on this observation, it is natural to learn dictionaries where such symmetries are also respected. In this paper, we develop a framework for learning dictionaries for data under the constraint that the collection of basic building blocks remains invariant under these symmetries. Our framework specializes to the convolutional dictionary learning problem when we consider translational symmetries. Our procedure for learning such dictionaries relies on representing the symmetry as the action of a matrix group acting on the data, and subsequently introducing a convex penalty function so as to induce sparsity with respect to the collection of matrix group elements. Using properties of positive semidefinite Hermitian Toeplitz matrices, we apply our framework to learn dictionaries that are invariant under continuous shifts. Our numerical experiments on synthetic data and ECG data show that the incorporation of such symmetries as priors are most valuable when the dataset has few data-points, or when the full range of symmetries is inadequately expressed in the dataset.      
### 13.Model predictive control of resistive wall mode for ITER  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07544.pdf)
>  Active feedback stabilization of the dominant resistive wall mode (RWM) for an ITER H-mode scenario at high plasma pressure using infinite-horizon model predictive control (MPC) is presented. The MPC approach is closely-related to linear-quadratic-Gaussian (LQG) control, improving the performance in the vicinity of constraints. The control-oriented model for MPC is obtained with model reduction from a high-dimensional model produced by CarMa code. Due to the limited time for on-line optimization, a suitable MPC formulation considering only actuator constraints is chosen, and the primal fast gradient method is used for solving the associated quadratic programming problem. The performance is evaluated in simulation in comparison to LQG control. Sensitivity to noise, robustness to changes of unstable RWMdynamics, and size of the domain of attraction of the initial conditions of the unstable modes are examined.      
### 14.Prototypical Description and Controller Design for a Set of Systems Using v-gap Based Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07541.pdf)
>  We present an approach to design stabilizing controllers for a set of linear systems without restrictions regarding their modeling order. To this end, the systems are treated as abstract objects in the space of the $\nu$-gap metric. Via a cluster analysis the set of systems is split into v-gap similar clusters which are treated separately. For this purpose we provide an algorithm that constructs an explicit prototype system by generalizing the information of a given set of systems. Applying this algorithm to each cluster a set of prototype systems is obtained. Given these prototypes we design controllers in such a way that all systems assigned to a cluster will be stabilized by a corresponding controller. The approach is demonstrated for a set of 80 linear systems.      
### 15.Monocular Retinal Depth Estimation and Joint Optic Disc and Cup Segmentation using Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07502.pdf)
>  One of the important parameters for the assessment of glaucoma is optic nerve head (ONH) evaluation, which usually involves depth estimation and subsequent optic disc and cup boundary extraction. Depth is usually obtained explicitly from imaging modalities like optical coherence tomography (OCT) and is very challenging to estimate depth from a single RGB image. To this end, we propose a novel method using adversarial network to predict depth map from a single image. The proposed depth estimation technique is trained and evaluated using individual retinal images from INSPIRE-stereo dataset. We obtain a very high average correlation coefficient of 0.92 upon five fold cross validation outperforming the state of the art. We then use the depth estimation process as a proxy task for joint optic disc and cup segmentation.      
### 16.Simplified Performance Analysis of OWC System Over Atmospheric Turbulence with Pointing Error  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07466.pdf)
>  Optical wireless communication (OWC) is highly vulnerable to the atmospheric turbulence and pointing error. Performance analysis of the OWC system under the combined channel effects of pointing errors and atmospheric turbulence is desirable for its efficient deployment. The widely used Gamma- Gamma statistical model for atmospheric turbulence, which consists of Bessel function, generally leads to complicated analytical expressions. In this paper, we consider the three-parameter exponentiated Weibull model for the atmospheric turbulence to analyze the ergodic rate and average signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) performance of a single-link OWC system. We derive simplified analytical expressions on the performance under the combined effect of atmospheric turbulence and pointing errors in terms of system parameters. We also derive approximate expressions on the performance under the atmospheric turbulence by considering negligible pointing error. In order to evaluate the performance at high SNR, we also develop asymptotic bounds on the average SNR and ergodic rate for the considered system. We demonstrate the tightness of derived expressions through numerical and simulation analysis along with a comparison to the performance obtained using the Gamma-Gamma model.      
### 17.Distributed Bearing-based Formation Control and Network Localization with Exogenous Disturbances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07458.pdf)
>  This paper presents a generalized robust stability analysis for bearing-based formation control and network localization systems. For an undirected network, we provide a robust stability analysis in the presence of time-varying exogenous disturbances in arbitrary dimensional space. In addition, we compute the explicit upper-bound set of the bearing formation and network localization errors, which provides valuable information for a system design.      
### 18.Modulation of Control Authority in Adaptive HapticShared Control Paradigms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07436.pdf)
>  This paper presents an adaptive haptic shared control framework wherein a driver and an automation system are physically connected through a motorized steering wheel. The automation system is modeled as an intelligent agent that is not only capable of making decisions but also monitoring the human's behavior and adjusting its behavior accordingly. To enable the automation system to smoothly exchange the control authority with the human partner, this paper introduces a novel self-regulating impedance controller for the automation system. To determine an optimal modulation policy, a cost function is defined. The terms of the cost function are assigned to minimize the performance error and reduce the disagreement between the human and automation system. To solve the optimal control problem, we employed a nonlinear model predictive approach and used the continuation generalized minimum residual method to solve the nonlinear cost function. To demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach, simulation studies consider a scenario where the human and the automation system both detect an obstacle and negotiate on controlling the steering wheel so that the obstacle can be avoided safely. The simulations involve four interaction modes addressing the cooperation status (cooperative and uncooperative) and the desired direction of the control transfer (active safety and autopilot).      
### 19.Allpass Feedback Delay Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07337.pdf)
>  In the 1960s, Schroeder and Logan introduced delay-based allpass filters, which are still popular due to their computational efficiency and versatile applicability in artificial reverberation, decorrelation, and dispersive system design. In this work, we extend the theory of allpass systems to any arbitrary connection of delay lines, namely feedback delay networks (FDNs). We present a complete characterization of uniallpass FDNs, i.e., FDNs, which are allpass for an arbitrary choice of delays. Further, we develop a solution to the completion problem, i.e., given an FDN feedback matrix to determine the remaining gain parameters such that the FDN is allpass. Particularly useful for the completion problem are feedback matrices, which yield a homogeneous decay of all system modes. Finally, we apply the uniallpass characterization to previous FDN designs, namely, Schroeder's series allpass and Gardner's nested allpass for single-input, single-output systems, and, Poletti's unitary reverberator for multi-input, multi-output systems and demonstrate the significant extension of the design space.      
### 20.Loss Minimization of Traction Systems in Battery Electric Vehicles Using Variable DC-link Voltage Technique -- Experimental Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07321.pdf)
>  A novel variable dc-link voltage technique is proposed to reduce the traction losses for electrical drive applications. A 100-unit cascaded multilevel converter is developed to generate the variable dc-link voltage. Experimental measurement shows that the machine additional losses and IGBT-inverter losses are reduced substantially. The system efficiency enhancement is at least 2%.      
### 21.VidCEP: Complex Event Processing Framework to Detect Spatiotemporal Patterns in Video Streams  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07817.pdf)
>  Video data is highly expressive and has traditionally been very difficult for a machine to interpret. Querying event patterns from video streams is challenging due to its unstructured representation. Middleware systems such as Complex Event Processing (CEP) mine patterns from data streams and send notifications to users in a timely fashion. Current CEP systems have inherent limitations to query video streams due to their unstructured data model and lack of expressive query language. In this work, we focus on a CEP framework where users can define high-level expressive queries over videos to detect a range of spatiotemporal event patterns. In this context, we propose: i) VidCEP, an in-memory, on the fly, near real-time complex event matching framework for video streams. The system uses a graph-based event representation for video streams which enables the detection of high-level semantic concepts from video using cascades of Deep Neural Network models, ii) a Video Event Query language (VEQL) to express high-level user queries for video streams in CEP, iii) a complex event matcher to detect spatiotemporal video event patterns by matching expressive user queries over video data. The proposed approach detects spatiotemporal video event patterns with an F-score ranging from 0.66 to 0.89. VidCEP maintains near real-time performance with an average throughput of 70 frames per second for 5 parallel videos with sub-second matching latency.      
### 22.Developmental Reinforcement Learning of Control Policy of a Quadcopter UAV with Thrust Vectoring Rotors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07793.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel developmental reinforcement learning-based controller for a quadcopter with thrust vectoring capabilities. This multirotor UAV design has tilt-enabled rotors. It utilizes the rotor force magnitude and direction to achieve the desired state during flight. The control policy of this robot is learned using the policy transfer from the learned controller of the quadcopter (comparatively simple UAV design without thrust vectoring). This approach allows learning a control policy for systems with multiple inputs and multiple outputs. The performance of the learned policy is evaluated by physics-based simulations for the tasks of hovering and way-point navigation. The flight simulations utilize a flight controller based on reinforcement learning without any additional PID components. The results show faster learning with the presented approach as opposed to learning the control policy from scratch for this new UAV design created by modifications in a conventional quadcopter, i.e., the addition of more degrees of freedom (4-actuators in conventional quadcopter to 8-actuators in tilt-rotor quadcopter). We demonstrate the robustness of our learned policy by showing the recovery of the tilt-rotor platform in the simulation from various non-static initial conditions in order to reach a desired state. The developmental policy for the tilt-rotor UAV also showed superior fault tolerance when compared with the policy learned from the scratch. The results show the ability of the presented approach to bootstrap the learned behavior from a simpler system (lower-dimensional action-space) to a more complex robot (comparatively higher-dimensional action-space) and reach better performance faster.      
### 23.Highway Traffic State Estimation Using Physics Regularized Gaussian Process: Discretized Formulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07762.pdf)
>  Despite the success of classical traffic flow (e.g., second-order macroscopic) models and data-driven (e.g., Machine Learning - ML) approaches in traffic state estimation, those approaches either require great efforts for parameter calibrations or lack theoretical interpretation. To fill this research gap, this study presents a new modeling framework, named physics regularized Gaussian process (PRGP). This novel approach can encode physics models, i.e., classical traffic flow models, into the Gaussian process architecture and so as to regularize the ML training process. Particularly, this study aims to discuss how to develop a PRGP model when the original physics model is with discrete formulations. Then based on the posterior regularization inference framework, an efficient stochastic optimization algorithm is developed to maximize the evidence lowerbound of the system likelihood. To prove the effectiveness of the proposed model, this paper conducts empirical studies on a real-world dataset that is collected from a stretch of I-15 freeway, Utah. Results show the new PRGP model can outperform the previous compatible methods, such as calibrated physics models and pure machine learning methods, in estimation precision and input robustness.      
### 24.Enabling Mixed-Precision Quantized Neural Networks in Extreme-Edge Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07759.pdf)
>  The deployment of Quantized Neural Networks (QNN) on advanced microcontrollers requires optimized software to exploit digital signal processing (DSP) extensions of modern instruction set architectures (ISA). As such, recent research proposed optimized libraries for QNNs (from 8-bit to 2-bit) such as CMSIS-NN and PULP-NN. This work presents an extension to the PULP-NN library targeting the acceleration of mixed-precision Deep Neural Networks, an emerging paradigm able to significantly shrink the memory footprint of deep neural networks with negligible accuracy loss. The library, composed of 27 kernels, one for each permutation of input feature maps, weights, and output feature maps precision (considering 8-bit, 4-bit and 2-bit), enables efficient inference of QNN on parallel ultra-low-power (PULP) clusters of RISC-V based processors, featuring the RV32IMCXpulpV2 ISA. The proposed solution, benchmarked on an 8-cores GAP-8 PULP cluster, reaches peak performance of 16 MACs/cycle on 8 cores, performing 21x to 25x faster than an STM32H7 (powered by an ARM Cortex M7 processor) with 15x to 21x better energy efficiency.      
### 25.Lunar Terrain Relative Navigation Using a Convolutional Neural Network for Visual Crater Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07702.pdf)
>  Terrain relative navigation can improve the precision of a spacecraft's position estimate by detecting global features that act as supplementary measurements to correct for drift in the inertial navigation system. This paper presents a system that uses a convolutional neural network (CNN) and image processing methods to track the location of a simulated spacecraft with an extended Kalman filter (EKF). The CNN, called LunaNet, visually detects craters in the simulated camera frame and those detections are matched to known lunar craters in the region of the current estimated spacecraft position. These matched craters are treated as features that are tracked using the EKF. LunaNet enables more reliable position tracking over a simulated trajectory due to its greater robustness to changes in image brightness and more repeatable crater detections from frame to frame throughout a trajectory. LunaNet combined with an EKF produces a decrease of 60% in the average final position estimation error and a decrease of 25% in average final velocity estimation error compared to an EKF using an image processing-based crater detection method when tested on trajectories using images of standard brightness.      
### 26.Graph Neural Networks for Scalable Radio Resource Management: Architecture Design and Theoretical Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07632.pdf)
>  Deep learning has recently emerged as a disruptive technology to solve challenging radio resource management problems in wireless networks. However, the neural network architectures adopted by existing works suffer from poor scalability, generalization, and lack of interpretability. A long-standing approach to improve scalability and generalization is to incorporate the structures of the target task into the neural network architecture. In this paper, we propose to apply graph neural networks (GNNs) to solve large-scale radio resource management problems, supported by effective neural network architecture design and theoretical analysis. Specifically, we first demonstrate that radio resource management problems can be formulated as graph optimization problems that enjoy a universal permutation equivariance property. We then identify a class of neural networks, named \emph{message passing graph neural networks} (MPGNNs). It is demonstrated that they not only satisfy the permutation equivariance property, but also can generalize to large-scale problems while enjoying a high computational efficiency. For interpretablity and theoretical guarantees, we prove the equivalence between MPGNNs and a class of distributed optimization algorithms, which is then used to analyze the performance and generalization of MPGNN-based methods. Extensive simulations, with power control and beamforming as two examples, will demonstrate that the proposed method, trained in an unsupervised manner with unlabeled samples, matches or even outperforms classic optimization-based algorithms without domain-specific knowledge. Remarkably, the proposed method is highly scalable and can solve the beamforming problem in an interference channel with $1000$ transceiver pairs within $6$ milliseconds on a single GPU.      
### 27.Learning Multiplicative Interactions with Bayesian Neural Networks for Visual-Inertial Odometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07630.pdf)
>  This paper presents an end-to-end multi-modal learning approach for monocular Visual-Inertial Odometry (VIO), which is specifically designed to exploit sensor complementarity in the light of sensor degradation scenarios. The proposed network makes use of a multi-head self-attention mechanism that learns multiplicative interactions between multiple streams of information. Another design feature of our approach is the incorporation of the model uncertainty using scalable Laplace Approximation. We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach by comparing it against the end-to-end state-of-the-art methods on the KITTI dataset and show that it achieves superior performance. Importantly, our work thereby provides an empirical evidence that learning multiplicative interactions can result in a powerful inductive bias for increased robustness to sensor failures.      
### 28.A Novel Posture Positioning Method for Multi-Joint Manipulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07511.pdf)
>  Safety and automatic control are extremely important when operating manipulators. For large engineering manipulators, the main challenge is to accurately recognize the posture of all arm segments. In classical sensing methods, the accuracy of an inclinometer is easily affected by the elastic deformation in the manipulator's arms. This results in big error accumulations when sensing the angle of joints between arms one by one. In addition, the sensing method based on machine vision is not suitable for such kind of outdoor working situation yet. In this paper, we propose a novel posture positioning method for multi-joint manipulators based on wireless sensor network localization. The posture sensing problem is formulated as a Nearest-Euclidean-Distance-Matrix (NEDM) model. The resulting approach is referred to as EDM-based posture positioning approach (EPP) and it satisfies the following guiding principles: (i) The posture of each arm segment on a multi-joint manipulator must be estimated as accurately as possible; (ii) The approach must be computationally fast; (iii) The designed approach should not be susceptible to obstructions. To further improve accuracy, we explore the inherent structure of manipulators, i.e., fixed-arm length. This is naturally presented as linear constraints in the NEDM model. For concrete pumps, a typical multi-joint manipulator, the mechanical property that all arm segments always lie in a 2D plane is used for dimension-reduction operation. Simulation and experimental results show that the proposed method provides efficient solutions for posture sensing problem and can obtain preferable localization performance with faster speed than applying the existing localization methods.      
### 29.Real-Time Drone Detection and Tracking With Visible, Thermal and Acoustic Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07396.pdf)
>  This paper explores the process of designing an automatic multi-sensor drone detection system. Besides the common video and audio sensors, the system also includes a thermal infrared camera, which is shown to be a feasible solution to the drone detection task. Even with slightly lower resolution, the performance is just as good as a camera in visible range. The detector performance as a function of the sensor-to-target distance is also investigated. In addition, using sensor fusion, the system is made more robust than the individual sensors, helping to reduce false detections. To counteract the lack of public datasets, a novel video dataset containing 650 annotated infrared and visible videos of drones, birds, airplanes and helicopters is also presented. The database is complemented with an audio dataset of the classes drones, helicopters and background noise.      
### 30.TinyVIRAT: Low-resolution Video Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2007.07355.pdf)
>  The existing research in action recognition is mostly focused on high-quality videos where the action is distinctly visible. In real-world surveillance environments, the actions in videos are captured at a wide range of resolutions. Most activities occur at a distance with a small resolution and recognizing such activities is a challenging problem. In this work, we focus on recognizing tiny actions in videos. We introduce a benchmark dataset, TinyVIRAT, which contains natural low-resolution activities. The actions in TinyVIRAT videos have multiple labels and they are extracted from surveillance videos which makes them realistic and more challenging. We propose a novel method for recognizing tiny actions in videos which utilizes a progressive generative approach to improve the quality of low-resolution actions. The proposed method also consists of a weakly trained attention mechanism which helps in focusing on the activity regions in the video. We perform extensive experiments to benchmark the proposed TinyVIRAT dataset and observe that the proposed method significantly improves the action recognition performance over baselines. We also evaluate the proposed approach on synthetically resized action recognition datasets and achieve state-of-the-art results when compared with existing methods. The dataset and code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/UgurDemir/Tiny-VIRAT" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
