# ArXiv eess --Wed, 15 Sep 2021
### 1.Self-Supervised Metric Learning With Graph Clustering For Speaker Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06824.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel algorithm for speaker diarization using metric learning for graph based clustering. The graph clustering algorithms use an adjacency matrix consisting of similarity scores. These scores are computed between speaker embeddings extracted from pairs of audio segments within the given recording. In this paper, we propose an approach that jointly learns the speaker embeddings and the similarity metric using principles of self-supervised learning. The metric learning network implements a neural model of the probabilistic linear discriminant analysis (PLDA). The self-supervision is derived from the pseudo labels obtained from a previous iteration of clustering. The entire model of representation learning and metric learning is trained with a binary cross entropy loss. By combining the self-supervision based metric learning along with the graph-based clustering algorithm, we achieve significant relative improvements of 60% and 7% over the x-vector PLDA agglomerative hierarchical clustering (AHC) approach on AMI and the DIHARD datasets respectively in terms of diarization error rates (DER).      
### 2.Transoceanic Phase and Polarization Fiber Sensing using Real-Time Coherent Transceiver  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06820.pdf)
>  We implement a real-time coherent transceiver with fast streaming outputs for environmental sensing. Continuous sensing using phase and equalizer outputs over 12800km of a submarine cable is demonstrated to enable time resolved spectroscopy in broad spectral range of 10mHz - 1kHz.      
### 3.Acoustic Source Localization in Shallow Water: A Probabilistic Focalization Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06818.pdf)
>  This paper presents a Bayesian estimation method for the passive localization of an acoustic source in shallow water. Our probabilistic focalization approach estimates the time-varying source location by associating direction of arrival (DOA) observations to DOAs predicted based on a statistical model. Embedded ray tracing makes it possible to incorporate environmental parameters and characterize the nonlinear acoustic waveguide. We demonstrate performance advantages of our approach compared to matched field processing using data collected during the SWellEx-96 experiment.      
### 4.ImUnity: a generalizable VAE-GAN solution for multicenter MR image harmonization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06756.pdf)
>  ImUnity is an original deep-learning model designed for efficient and flexible MR image harmonization. A VAE-GAN network, coupled with a confusion module and an optional biological preservation module, uses multiple 2D-slices taken from different anatomical locations in each subject of the training database, as well as image contrast transformations for its self-supervised training. It eventually generates 'corrected' MR images that can be used for various multi-center population studies. Using 3 open source databases (ABIDE, OASIS and SRPBS), which contain MR images from multiple acquisition scanner types or vendors and a large range of subjects ages, we show that ImUnity: (1) outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of quality of images generated using traveling subjects; (2) removes sites or scanner biases while improving patients classification; (3) harmonizes data coming from new sites or scanners without the need for an additional fine-tuning and (4) allows the selection of multiple MR reconstructed images according to the desired applications. Tested here on T1-weighted images, ImUnity could be used to harmonize other types of medical images.      
### 5.Transient Performance Analysis of the $\ell_1$-RLS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06749.pdf)
>  The recursive least-squares algorithm with $\ell_1$-norm regularization ($\ell_1$-RLS) exhibits excellent performance in terms of convergence rate and steady-state error in identification of sparse systems. Nevertheless few works have studied its stochastic behavior, in particular its transient performance. In this letter, we derive analytical models of the transient behavior of the $\ell_1$-RLS in the mean and mean-square sense. Simulation results illustrate the accuracy of these models.      
### 6.Safe Nonlinear Control Using Robust Neural Lyapunov-Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06697.pdf)
>  Safety and stability are common requirements for robotic control systems; however, designing safe, stable controllers remains difficult for nonlinear and uncertain models. We develop a model-based learning approach to synthesize robust feedback controllers with safety and stability guarantees. We take inspiration from robust convex optimization and Lyapunov theory to define robust control Lyapunov barrier functions that generalize despite model uncertainty. We demonstrate our approach in simulation on problems including car trajectory tracking, nonlinear control with obstacle avoidance, satellite rendezvous with safety constraints, and flight control with a learned ground effect model. Simulation results show that our approach yields controllers that match or exceed the capabilities of robust MPC while reducing computational costs by an order of magnitude.      
### 7.Dynamic self-triggered control for nonlinear systems based on hybrid Lyapunov functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06657.pdf)
>  Self-triggered control (STC) is a well-established technique to reduce the amount of samples for sampled-data systems, and is hence particularly useful for Networked Control Systems. At each sampling instant, an STC mechanism determines not only an updated control input but also when the next sample should be taken. In this paper, a dynamic STC mechanism for nonlinear systems is proposed. The mechanism incorporates a dynamic variable for determining the next sampling instant. Such a dynamic variable for the trigger decision has been proven to be a powerful tool for increasing sampling intervals in the closely related concept of event-triggered control, but was so far not exploited for STC. This gap is closed in this paper. For the proposed mechanism, the dynamic variable is chosen to be the filtered values of the Lyapunov function at past sampling instants. The next sampling instant is, based on the dynamic variable and on hybrid Lyapunov function techniques, chosen such that an average decrease of the Lyapunov function is ensured. The proposed mechanism is illustrated with a numerical example from the literature. For this example, the obtained sampling intervals are significantly larger than for existing static STC mechanisms. This paper is the accepted version of [1], containing also proofs of the main results.      
### 8.Deep Convolutional Generative Modeling for Artificial Microstructure Development of Aluminum-Silicon Alloy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06635.pdf)
>  Machine learning which is a sub-domain of an Artificial Intelligence which is finding various applications in manufacturing and material science sectors. In the present study, Deep Generative Modeling which a type of unsupervised machine learning technique has been adapted for the constructing the artificial microstructure of Aluminium-Silicon alloy. Deep Generative Adversarial Networks has been used for developing the artificial microstructure of the given microstructure image dataset. The results obtained showed that the developed models had learnt to replicate the lining near the certain images of the microstructures.      
### 9.Bayesian AirComp with Sign-Alignment Precoding for Wireless Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06579.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of wireless federated learning based on sign stochastic gradient descent (signSGD) algorithm via a multiple access channel. When sending locally computed gradient's sign information, each mobile device requires to apply precoding to circumvent wireless fading effects. In practice, however, acquiring perfect knowledge of channel state information (CSI) at all mobile devices is infeasible. In this paper, we present a simple yet effective precoding method with limited channel knowledge, called sign-alignment precoding. The idea of sign-alignment precoding is to protect sign-flipping errors from wireless fadings. Under the Gaussian prior assumption on the local gradients, we also derive the mean squared error (MSE)-optimal aggregation function called Bayesian over-the-air computation (BayAirComp). Our key finding is that one-bit precoding with BayAirComp aggregation can provide a better learning performance than the existing precoding method even using perfect CSI with AirComp aggregation.      
### 10.Deep-Unfolding Neural-Network Aided Hybrid Beamforming Based on Symbol-Error Probability Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06574.pdf)
>  In massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems, hybrid analog-digital (AD) beamforming can be used to attain a high directional gain without requiring a dedicated radio frequency (RF) chain for each antenna element, which substantially reduces both the hardware costs and power consumption. While massive MIMO transceiver design typically relies on the conventional mean-square error (MSE) criterion, directly minimizing the symbol error rate (SER) can lead to a superior performance. In this paper, we first mathematically formulate the problem of hybrid transceiver design under the minimum SER (MSER) optimization criterion and then develop a MSER-based gradient descent (GD) iterative algorithm to find the related stationary points. We then propose a deep-unfolding neural network (NN), in which the iterative GD algorithm is unfolded into a multi-layer structure wherein a set of trainable parameters are introduced for accelerating the convergence and enhancing the overall system performance. To implement the training stage, the relationship between the gradients of adjacent layers is derived based on the generalized chain rule (GCR). The deep-unfolding NN is developed for both quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK) and for $M$-ary quadrature amplitude modulated (QAM) signals and its convergence is investigated theoretically. Furthermore, we analyze the transfer capability, computational complexity, and generalization capability of the proposed deep-unfolding NN. Our simulation results show that the latter significantly outperforms its conventional counterpart at a reduced complexity.      
### 11.Perceptual Quality Assessment of HEVC and VVC Standards for 8K Video Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06555.pdf)
>  With the growing data consumption of emerging video applications and users requirement for higher resolutions, up to 8K, a huge effort has been made in video compression technologies. Recently, versatile video coding (VVC) has been standardized by the moving picture expert group (MPEG), providing a significant improvement in compression performance over its predecessor high efficiency video coding (HEVC). In this paper, we provide a comparative subjective quality evaluation between VVC and HEVC standards for 8K resolution videos. In addition, we evaluate the perceived quality improvement offered by 8K over UHD 4K resolution. The compression performance of both VVC and HEVC standards has been conducted in random access (RA) coding configuration, using their respective reference software, VVC test model (VTM-11) and HEVC test model (HM-16.20). Objective measurements, using PSNR, MS-SSIM and VMAF metrics have shown that the bitrate gains offered by VVC over HEVC for 8K video content are around 31%, 26% and 35%, respectively. Subjectively, VVC offers an average of 40% of bitrate reduction over HEVC for the same visual quality. In addition, a significant visual difference between uncompressed 4K and 8K, for most of the tested video sequences, has been noticed.      
### 12.Dense Deep Unfolding Network with 3D-CNN Prior for Snapshot Compressive Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06548.pdf)
>  Snapshot compressive imaging (SCI) aims to record three-dimensional signals via a two-dimensional camera. For the sake of building a fast and accurate SCI recovery algorithm, we incorporate the interpretability of model-based methods and the speed of learning-based ones and present a novel dense deep unfolding network (DUN) with 3D-CNN prior for SCI, where each phase is unrolled from an iteration of Half-Quadratic Splitting (HQS). To better exploit the spatial-temporal correlation among frames and address the problem of information loss between adjacent phases in existing DUNs, we propose to adopt the 3D-CNN prior in our proximal mapping module and develop a novel dense feature map (DFM) strategy, respectively. Besides, in order to promote network robustness, we further propose a dense feature map adaption (DFMA) module to allow inter-phase information to fuse adaptively. All the parameters are learned in an end-to-end fashion. Extensive experiments on simulation data and real data verify the superiority of our method. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jianzhangcs/SCI3D" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 13.Multi-Scale Input Strategies for Medulloblastoma Tumor Classification using Deep Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06547.pdf)
>  Medulloblastoma (MB) is a primary central nervous system tumor and the most common malignant brain cancer among children. Neuropathologists perform microscopic inspection of histopathological tissue slides under a microscope to assess the severity of the tumor. This is a time-consuming task and often infused with observer variability. Recently, pre-trained convolutional neural networks (CNN) have shown promising results for MB subtype classification. Typically, high-resolution images are divided into smaller tiles for classification, while the size of the tiles has not been systematically evaluated. We study the impact of tile size and input strategy and classify the two major histopathological subtypes-Classic and Demoplastic/Nodular. To this end, we use recently proposed EfficientNets and evaluate tiles with increasing size combined with various downsampling scales. Our results demonstrate using large input tiles pixels followed by intermediate downsampling and patch cropping significantly improves MB classification performance. Our top-performing method achieves the AUC-ROC value of 90.90\% compared to 84.53\% using the previous approach with smaller input tiles.      
### 14.3-Dimensional Deep Learning with Spatial Erasing for Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation in Brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06540.pdf)
>  Purpose. Brain Magnetic Resonance Images (MRIs) are essential for the diagnosis of neurological diseases. Recently, deep learning methods for unsupervised anomaly detection (UAD) have been proposed for the analysis of brain MRI. These methods rely on healthy brain MRIs and eliminate the requirement of pixel-wise annotated data compared to supervised deep learning. While a wide range of methods for UAD have been proposed, these methods are mostly 2D and only learn from MRI slices, disregarding that brain lesions are inherently 3D and the spatial context of MRI volumes remains unexploited. <br>Methods. We investigate whether using increased spatial context by using MRI volumes combined with spatial erasing leads to improved unsupervised anomaly segmentation performance compared to learning from slices. We evaluate and compare 2D variational autoencoder (VAE) to their 3D counterpart, propose 3D input erasing, and systemically study the impact of the data set size on the performance. <br>Results. Using two publicly available segmentation data sets for evaluation, 3D VAE outperform their 2D counterpart, highlighting the advantage of volumetric context. Also, our 3D erasing methods allow for further performance improvements. Our best performing 3D VAE with input erasing leads to an average DICE score of 31.40% compared to 25.76% for the 2D VAE. <br>Conclusions. We propose 3D deep learning methods for UAD in brain MRI combined with 3D erasing and demonstrate that 3D methods clearly outperform their 2D counterpart for anomaly segmentation. Also, our spatial erasing method allows for further performance improvements and reduces the requirement for large data sets.      
### 15.Comparison of power sector models by analyzing the impact of modeling features on optimal capacity expansion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06530.pdf)
>  The transition towards decarbonized energy systems requires the expansion of renewable and flexibility technologies in power sectors. In a model comparison, we examine the optimal expansion of such technologies with six capacity expansion power system models. The technologies under investigation include base- and peak-load power plants, electricity storage, and transmission. We define four highly simplified and harmonized use cases that focus on the expansion of only one or two specific technologies to isolate their effects on model results. We find that deviating assumptions on limited availability factors of technologies cause technology-specific deviations between optimal capacity expansion in models in almost all use cases. Fixed energy-to-power-ratios of storage can entirely change model optimal expansion outcomes, especially shifting the ratio between short- and long-duration storage. Fixed initial and end storage levels can impact the seasonal use of long-duration storage. Models with a pre-ordered dispatch structure significantly deviate from linear optimization models, as limited foresight and flexibility can lead to higher capacity investments. A simplified net transfer capacity approach underestimates the need for grid infrastructure compared to a more detailed direct current load flow approach. We further find deviations in model results of optimal storage and transmission capacity expansion between regions and link them to variable renewable energy generation and demand characteristics. We expect that the general effects identified in our stylized setting also hold in more detailed model applications, although they may be less visible there.      
### 16.Nonlinear Robust Periodic Output Regulation of Minimum Phase Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06504.pdf)
>  In linear systems theory it's a well known fact that a regulator given by the cascade of an oscillatory dynamics, driven by some regulated variables, and of a stabiliser stabilising the cascade of the plant and of the oscillators has the ability of blocking on the steady state of the regulated variables any harmonics matched with the ones of the oscillators. This is the well-celebrated internal model principle. In this paper we are interested to follow the same design route for a controlled plant that is a nonlinear and periodic system with period T : we add a bunch of linear oscillators, embedding n o harmonics that are multiple of 2$\pi$/T , driven by a "regulated variable" of the nonlinear system, we look for a stabiliser for the nonlinear cascade of the plant and the oscillators, and we study the asymptotic properties of the resulting closedloop regulated variable. In this framework the contributions of the paper are multiple: for specific class of minimum-phase systems we present a systematic way of designing a stabiliser, which is uniform with respect to n o , by using a mix of high-gain and forwarding techniques; we prove that the resulting closed-loop system has a periodic steady state with period T with a domain of attraction not shrinking with n o ; similarly to the linear case, we also show that the spectrum of the steady state closed-loop regulated variable does not contain the n harmonics embedded in the bunch of oscillators and that the L 2 norm of the regulated variable is a monotonically decreasing function of n o. The results are robust, namely the asymptotic properties on the regulated variable hold also in presence of any uncertainties in the controlled plant not destroying closed-loop stability.      
### 17.Overlap-aware low-latency online speaker diarization based on end-to-end local segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06483.pdf)
>  We propose to address online speaker diarization as a combination of incremental clustering and local diarization applied to a rolling buffer updated every 500ms. Every single step of the proposed pipeline is designed to take full advantage of the strong ability of a recently proposed end-to-end overlap-aware segmentation to detect and separate overlapping speakers. In particular, we propose a modified version of the statistics pooling layer (initially introduced in the x-vector architecture) to give less weight to frames where the segmentation model predicts simultaneous speakers. Furthermore, we derive cannot-link constraints from the initial segmentation step to prevent two local speakers from being wrongfully merged during the incremental clustering step. Finally, we show how the latency of the proposed approach can be adjusted between 500ms and 5s to match the requirements of a particular use case, and we provide a systematic analysis of the influence of latency on the overall performance (on AMI, DIHARD and VoxConverse).      
### 18.COVID-Net MLSys: Designing COVID-Net for the Clinical Workflow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06421.pdf)
>  As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to devastate globally, one promising field of research is machine learning-driven computer vision to streamline various parts of the COVID-19 clinical workflow. These machine learning methods are typically stand-alone models designed without consideration for the integration necessary for real-world application workflows. In this study, we take a machine learning and systems (MLSys) perspective to design a system for COVID-19 patient screening with the clinical workflow in mind. The COVID-Net system is comprised of the continuously evolving COVIDx dataset, COVID-Net deep neural network for COVID-19 patient detection, and COVID-Net S deep neural networks for disease severity scoring for COVID-19 positive patient cases. The deep neural networks within the COVID-Net system possess state-of-the-art performance, and are designed to be integrated within a user interface (UI) for clinical decision support with automatic report generation to assist clinicians in their treatment decisions.      
### 19.WINNet: Wavelet-inspired Invertible Network for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06381.pdf)
>  Image denoising aims to restore a clean image from an observed noisy image. The model-based image denoising approaches can achieve good generalization ability over different noise levels and are with high interpretability. Learning-based approaches are able to achieve better results, but usually with weaker generalization ability and interpretability. In this paper, we propose a wavelet-inspired invertible network (WINNet) to combine the merits of the wavelet-based approaches and learningbased approaches. The proposed WINNet consists of K-scale of lifting inspired invertible neural networks (LINNs) and sparsity-driven denoising networks together with a noise estimation network. The network architecture of LINNs is inspired by the lifting scheme in wavelets. LINNs are used to learn a non-linear redundant transform with perfect reconstruction property to facilitate noise removal. The denoising network implements a sparse coding process for denoising. The noise estimation network estimates the noise level from the input image which will be used to adaptively adjust the soft-thresholds in LINNs. The forward transform of LINNs produce a redundant multi-scale representation for denoising. The denoised image is reconstructed using the inverse transform of LINNs with the denoised detail channels and the original coarse channel. The simulation results show that the proposed WINNet method is highly interpretable and has strong generalization ability to unseen noise levels. It also achieves competitive results in the non-blind/blind image denoising and in image deblurring.      
### 20.An Iterative Approach to Improving Solution Quality for AC Optimal Power Flow Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06356.pdf)
>  The existence of multiple solutions to AC optimal power flow (ACOPF) problems has been noted for decades. Existing solvers are generally successful in finding local solutions, which satisfy first and second order optimality conditions, but may not be globally optimal. In this paper, we propose a simple iterative approach to improve the quality of solutions to ACOPF problems. First, we call an existing solver for the ACOPF problem. From the solution and the associated dual variables, we form a partial Lagrangian. Then we optimize this partial Lagrangian and use its solution as a warm start to call the solver again for the ACOPF problem. By repeating this process, we can iteratively improve the solution quality, moving from local solutions to global ones. We show the effectiveness of our algorithm on standard IEEE networks. The simulation results show that our algorithm can escape from local solutions to achieve global optimums within a few iterations.      
### 21.Physics Driven Domain Specific Transporter Framework with Attention Mechanism for Ultrasound Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06346.pdf)
>  Most applications of deep learning techniques in medical imaging are supervised and require a large number of labeled data which is expensive and requires many hours of careful annotation by experts. In this paper, we propose an unsupervised, physics driven domain specific transporter framework with an attention mechanism to identify relevant key points with applications in ultrasound imaging. The proposed framework identifies key points that provide a concise geometric representation highlighting regions with high structural variation in ultrasound videos. We incorporate physics driven domain specific information as a feature probability map and use the radon transform to highlight features in specific orientations. The proposed framework has been trained on130 Lung ultrasound (LUS) videos and 113 Wrist ultrasound (WUS) videos and validated on 100 Lung ultrasound (LUS) videos and 58 Wrist ultrasound (WUS) videos acquired from multiple centers across the globe. Images from both datasets were independently assessed by experts to identify clinically relevant features such as A-lines, B-lines and pleura from LUS and radial metaphysis, radial epiphysis and carpal bones from WUS videos. The key points detected from both datasets showed high sensitivity (LUS = 99\% , WUS = 74\%) in detecting the image landmarks identified by experts. Also, on employing for classification of the given lung image into normal and abnormal classes, the proposed approach, even with no prior training, achieved an average accuracy of 97\% and an average F1-score of 95\% respectively on the task of co-classification with 3 fold cross-validation. With the purely unsupervised nature of the proposed approach, we expect the key point detection approach to increase the applicability of ultrasound in various examination performed in emergency and point of care.      
### 22.On the Correlation between the Noise and a Priori Error Vectors in Affine Projection Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06344.pdf)
>  This paper analyzes the correlation matrix between the a priori error and measurement noise vectors for affine projection algorithms (APA). This correlation stems from the dependence between the filter tap estimates and the noise samples, and has a strong influence on the mean square behavior of the algorithm. We show that the correlation matrix is upper triangular, and compute the diagonal elements in closed form, showing that they are independent of the input process statistics. Also, for white inputs we show that the matrix is fully diagonal. These results are valid in the transient and steady states of the algorithm considering a possibly variable step-size. Our only assumption is that the filter order is large compared to the projection order of APA and we make no assumptions on the input signal except for stationarity. Using these results, we perform a steady-state analysis of the algorithm for small step size and provide a new simple closed-form expression for mean-square error, which has comparable or better accuracy to many preexisting expressions, and is much simpler to compute. Finally, we also obtain expressions for the steady-state energy of the other components of the error vector.      
### 23.Stochastic Observer for SLAM on the Lie Group  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06323.pdf)
>  A robust nonlinear stochastic observer for simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) is proposed using the available uncertain measurements of angular velocity, translational velocity, and features. The proposed observer is posed on the Lie Group of $\mathbb{SLAM}_{n}\left(3\right)$ to mimic the true stochastic SLAM dynamics. The proposed approach considers the velocity measurements to be attached with an unknown bias and an unknown Gaussian noise. The proposed SLAM observer ensures that the closed loop error signals are semi-globally uniformly ultimately bounded. Simulation results demonstrates the efficiency and robustness of the proposed approach, revealing its ability to localize the unknown vehicle, as well as mapping the unknown environment given measurements obtained from low-cost units.      
### 24.Cross-Modality Domain Adaptation for Vestibular Schwannoma and Cochlea Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06274.pdf)
>  Automatic methods to segment the vestibular schwannoma (VS) tumors and the cochlea from magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are critical to VS treatment planning. Although supervised methods have achieved satisfactory performance in VS segmentation, they require full annotations by experts, which is laborious and time-consuming. In this work, we aim to tackle the VS and cochlea segmentation problem in an unsupervised domain adaptation setting. Our proposed method leverages both the image-level domain alignment to minimize the domain divergence and semi-supervised training to further boost the performance. Furthermore, we propose to fuse the labels predicted from multiple models via noisy label correction. Our results on the challenge validation leaderboard showed that our unsupervised method has achieved promising VS and cochlea segmentation performance with mean dice score of 0.8261 $\pm$ 0.0416; The mean dice value for the tumor is 0.8302 $\pm$ 0.0772. This is comparable to the weakly-supervised based method.      
### 25.Unsupervised learning approaches to characterize heterogeneous samples using X-ray single particle imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06179.pdf)
>  One of the outstanding analytical problems in X-ray single particle imaging (SPI) is the classification of structural heterogeneity, which is especially difficult given the low signal-to-noise ratios of individual patterns and that even identical objects can yield patterns that vary greatly when orientation is taken into consideration. We propose two methods which explicitly account for this orientation-induced variation and can robustly determine the structural landscape of a sample ensemble. The first, termed common-line principal component analysis (PCA) provides a rough classification which is essentially parameter-free and can be run automatically on any SPI dataset. The second method, utilizing variation auto-encoders (VAEs) can generate 3D structures of the objects at any point in the structural landscape. We implement both these methods in combination with the noise-tolerant expand-maximize-compress (EMC) algorithm and demonstrate its utility by applying it to an experimental dataset from gold nanoparticles with only a few thousand photons per pattern and recover both discrete structural classes as well as continuous deformations. These developments diverge from previous approaches of extracting reproducible subsets of patterns from a dataset and open up the possibility to move beyond studying homogeneous sample sets and study open questions on topics such as nanocrystal growth and dynamics as well as phase transitions which have not been externally triggered.      
### 26.In-filter Computing For Designing Ultra-light Acoustic Pattern Recognizers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06171.pdf)
>  We present a novel in-filter computing framework that can be used for designing ultra-light acoustic classifiers for use in smart internet-of-things (IoTs). Unlike a conventional acoustic pattern recognizer, where the feature extraction and classification are designed independently, the proposed architecture integrates the convolution and nonlinear filtering operations directly into the kernels of a Support Vector Machine (SVM). The result of this integration is a template-based SVM whose memory and computational footprint (training and inference) is light enough to be implemented on an FPGA-based IoT platform. While the proposed in-filter computing framework is general enough, in this paper, we demonstrate this concept using a Cascade of Asymmetric Resonator with Inner Hair Cells (CAR-IHC) based acoustic feature extraction algorithm. The complete system has been optimized using time-multiplexing and parallel-pipeline techniques for a Xilinx Spartan 7 series Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA). We show that the system can achieve robust classification performance on benchmark sound recognition tasks using only ~ 1.5k Look-Up Tables (LUTs) and ~ 2.8k Flip-Flops (FFs), a significant improvement over other approaches.      
### 27.Performance-Efficiency Trade-offs in Unsupervised Pre-training for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06870.pdf)
>  This paper is a study of performance-efficiency trade-offs in pre-trained models for automatic speech recognition (ASR). We focus on wav2vec 2.0, and formalize several architecture designs that influence both the model performance and its efficiency. Putting together all our observations, we introduce SEW (Squeezed and Efficient Wav2vec), a pre-trained model architecture with significant improvements along both performance and efficiency dimensions across a variety of training setups. For example, under the 100h-960h semi-supervised setup on LibriSpeech, SEW achieves a 1.9x inference speedup compared to wav2vec 2.0, with a 13.5% relative reduction in word error rate. With a similar inference time, SEW reduces word error rate by 25-50% across different model sizes.      
### 28.Timely Status Updating Over Erasure Channels Using an Energy Harvesting Sensor: Single and Multiple Sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06855.pdf)
>  A status updating system is considered in which data from multiple sources are sampled by an energy harvesting sensor and transmitted to a remote destination through an erasure channel. The goal is to deliver status updates of all sources in a timely manner, such that the cumulative long-term average age-of-information (AoI) is minimized. The AoI for each source is defined as the time elapsed since the generation time of the latest successful status update received at the destination from that source. Transmissions are subject to energy availability, which arrives in units according to a Poisson process, with each energy unit capable of carrying out one transmission from only one source. The sensor is equipped with a unit-sized battery to save the incoming energy. A scheduling policy is designed in order to determine which source is sampled using the available energy. The problem is studied in two main settings: no erasure status feedback, and perfect instantaneous feedback.      
### 29.Automatic hippocampal surface generation via 3D U-net and active shape modeling with hybrid particle swarm optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06817.pdf)
>  In this paper, we proposed and validated a fully automatic pipeline for hippocampal surface generation via 3D U-net coupled with active shape modeling (ASM). Principally, the proposed pipeline consisted of three steps. In the beginning, for each magnetic resonance image, a 3D U-net was employed to obtain the automatic hippocampus segmentation at each hemisphere. Secondly, ASM was performed on a group of pre-obtained template surfaces to generate mean shape and shape variation parameters through principal component analysis. Ultimately, hybrid particle swarm optimization was utilized to search for the optimal shape variation parameters that best match the segmentation. The hippocampal surface was then generated from the mean shape and the shape variation parameters. The proposed pipeline was observed to provide hippocampal surfaces at both hemispheres with high accuracy, correct anatomical topology, and sufficient smoothness.      
### 30.Obstacle Avoidance for Autonomous Mobile Robots Based on Mapping Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06773.pdf)
>  In recent years, the mobile robot has been considerable attention to researchers for its application in various environments. For a mobile robot navigating its way from starting point to a goal point while traversing through deterrents, needs to recognize the obstacles and generate new trajectories to reach the destination. This paper presents an obstacle avoidance method for mobile robots using an open-source in robot operation system (ROS) combining with the dynamic window approach (DWA) algorithm. The experiment is carried out using a mobile robot in which the navigation data is based on data collecting by a laser scanner. The experimental results show that the robot could work well in environments containing static and dynamic obstacles.      
### 31.Identification of linear time-invariant systems with Dynamic Mode Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06765.pdf)
>  Dynamic mode decomposition (DMD) is a popular data-driven framework to extract linear dynamics from complex high-dimensional systems. In this work, we study the system identification properties of DMD. We first show that DMD is invariant under linear transformations in the image of the data matrix. If, in addition, the data is constructed from a linear time-invariant system, then we prove that DMD can recover the original dynamics under mild conditions. If the linear dynamics are discretized with a Runge-Kutta method, then we further classify the error of the DMD approximation and detail that for one-stage Runge-Kutta methods even the continuous dynamics can be recovered with DMD. A numerical example illustrates the theoretical findings.      
### 32.Controllable cross-speaker emotion transfer for end-to-end speech synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06733.pdf)
>  The cross-speaker emotion transfer task in TTS particularly aims to synthesize speech for a target speaker with the emotion transferred from reference speech recorded by another (source) speaker. During the emotion transfer process, the identity information of the source speaker could also affect the synthesized results, resulting in the issue of speaker leakage. This paper proposes a new method with the aim to synthesize controllable emotional expressive speech and meanwhile maintain the target speaker's identity in the cross-speaker emotion TTS task. The proposed method is a Tacotron2-based framework with the emotion embedding as the conditioning variable to provide emotion information. Two emotion disentangling modules are contained in our method to 1) get speaker-independent and emotion-discriminative embedding, and 2) explicitly constrain the emotion and speaker identity of synthetic speech to be that as expected. Moreover, we present an intuitive method to control the emotional strength in the synthetic speech for the target speaker. Specifically, the learned emotion embedding is adjusted with a flexible scalar value, which allows controlling the emotion strength conveyed by the embedding. Extensive experiments have been conducted on a Mandarin disjoint corpus, and the results demonstrate that the proposed method is able to synthesize reasonable emotional speech for the target speaker. Compared to the state-of-the-art reference embedding learned methods, our method gets the best performance on the cross-speaker emotion transfer task, indicating that our method achieves the new state-of-the-art performance on learning the speaker-independent emotion embedding. Furthermore, the strength ranking test and pitch trajectories plots demonstrate that the proposed method can effectively control the emotion strength, leading to prosody-diverse synthetic speech.      
### 33.A Hierarchical Control Framework for Drift Maneuvering of Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06730.pdf)
>  Drift control is significant to the safety of autonomous vehicles when there is a sudden loss of traction due to external conditions such as rain or snow. It is a challenging control problem due to the presence of significant sideslip and nearly full saturation of the tires. In this paper, we focus on the control of drift maneuvers following circular paths with either fixed or moving centers, subject to change in the tire-ground interaction, which are common training tasks for drift enthusiasts and can therefore be used as benchmarks of the performance of drift control. In order to achieve the above tasks, we propose a novel hierarchical control architecture which decouples the curvature and center control of the trajectory. In particular, an outer loop stabilizes the center by tuning the target curvature, and an inner loop tracks the curvature using a feedforward/feedback controller enhanced by an $\mathcal{L}_1$ adaptive component. The hierarchical architecture is flexible because the inner loop is task-agnostic and adaptive to changes in tire-road interaction, which allows the outer loop to be designed independent of low-level dynamics, opening up the possibility of incorporating sophisticated planning algorithms. We implement our control strategy on a simulation platform as well as on a 1/10 scale Radio-Control~(RC) car, and both the simulation and experiment results illustrate the effectiveness of our strategy in achieving the above described set of drift maneuvering tasks.      
### 34.Orbital stabilization of underactuated mechanical systems without Euler-Lagrange structure after of a collocated pre-feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06724.pdf)
>  In this note we study the generation of attractive oscillations of a class of mechanical systems with underactuation one. The proposed design consists of two terms, i.e., a partial linearizing state feedback, and an immersion and invariance orbital stabilization controller. The first step is adopted to simplify analysis and design, however, bringing an additional difficulty that the model losses Euler-Lagrange structures after the collocated pre-feedback. To address this, we propose a constructive solution to the orbital stabilization problem via a smooth controller in an analytic form, and the model class identified in the paper is characterized via some easily apriori verifiable assumptions on the inertia matrix and potential energy.      
### 35.IGNNITION: Bridging the Gap Between Graph Neural Networks and Networking Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06715.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen the vast potential of Graph Neural Networks (GNN) in many fields where data is structured as graphs (e.g., chemistry, recommender systems). In particular, GNNs are becoming increasingly popular in the field of networking, as graphs are intrinsically present at many levels (e.g., topology, routing). The main novelty of GNNs is their ability to generalize to other networks unseen during training, which is an essential feature for developing practical Machine Learning (ML) solutions for networking. However, implementing a functional GNN prototype is currently a cumbersome task that requires strong skills in neural network programming. This poses an important barrier to network engineers that often do not have the necessary ML expertise. In this article, we present IGNNITION, a novel open-source framework that enables fast prototyping of GNNs for networking systems. IGNNITION is based on an intuitive high-level abstraction that hides the complexity behind GNNs, while still offering great flexibility to build custom GNN architectures. To showcase the versatility and performance of this framework, we implement two state-of-the-art GNN models applied to different networking use cases. Our results show that the GNN models produced by IGNNITION are equivalent in terms of accuracy and performance to their native implementations in TensorFlow.      
### 36.An Apparatus for the Simulation of Breathing Disorders: Physically Meaningful Generation of Surrogate Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06699.pdf)
>  Whilst debilitating breathing disorders, such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), are rapidly increasing in prevalence, we witness a continued integration of artificial intelligence into healthcare. While this promises improved detection and monitoring of breathing disorders, AI techniques are "data hungry" which highlights the importance of generating physically meaningful surrogate data. Such domain knowledge aware surrogates would enable both an improved understanding of respiratory waveform changes with different breathing disorders and different severities, and enhance the training of machine learning algorithms. To this end, we introduce an apparatus comprising of PVC tubes and 3D printed parts as a simple yet effective method of simulating both obstructive and restrictive respiratory waveforms in healthy subjects. Independent control over both inspiratory and expiratory resistances allows for the simulation of obstructive breathing disorders through the whole spectrum of FEV1/FVC spirometry ratios (used to classify COPD), ranging from healthy values to values seen in severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Moreover, waveform characteristics of breathing disorders, such as a change in inspiratory duty cycle or peak flow are also observed in the waveforms resulting from use of the artificial breathing disorder simulation apparatus. Overall, the proposed apparatus provides us with a simple, effective and physically meaningful way to generate surrogate breathing disorder waveforms, a prerequisite for the use of artificial intelligence in respiratory health.      
### 37.Luminance Attentive Networks for HDR Image and Panorama Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06688.pdf)
>  It is very challenging to reconstruct a high dynamic range (HDR) from a low dynamic range (LDR) image as an ill-posed problem. This paper proposes a luminance attentive network named LANet for HDR reconstruction from a single LDR image. Our method is based on two fundamental observations: (1) HDR images stored in relative luminance are scale-invariant, which means the HDR images will hold the same information when multiplied by any positive real number. Based on this observation, we propose a novel normalization method called " HDR calibration " for HDR images stored in relative luminance, calibrating HDR images into a similar luminance scale according to the LDR images. (2) The main difference between HDR images and LDR images is in under-/over-exposed areas, especially those highlighted. Following this observation, we propose a luminance attention module with a two-stream structure for LANet to pay more attention to the under-/over-exposed areas. In addition, we propose an extended network called panoLANet for HDR panorama reconstruction from an LDR panorama and build a dualnet structure for panoLANet to solve the distortion problem caused by the equirectangular panorama. Extensive experiments show that our proposed approach LANet can reconstruct visually convincing HDR images and demonstrate its superiority over state-of-the-art approaches in terms of all metrics in inverse tone mapping. The image-based lighting application with our proposed panoLANet also demonstrates that our method can simulate natural scene lighting using only LDR panorama. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LWT3437/LANet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 38.Non-autoregressive Transformer with Unified Bidirectional Decoder for Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06684.pdf)
>  Non-autoregressive (NAR) transformer models have been studied intensively in automatic speech recognition (ASR), and a substantial part of NAR transformer models is to use the casual mask to limit token dependencies. However, the casual mask is designed for the left-to-right decoding process of the non-parallel autoregressive (AR) transformer, which is inappropriate for the parallel NAR transformer since it ignores the right-to-left contexts. Some models are proposed to utilize right-to-left contexts with an extra decoder, but these methods increase the model complexity. To tackle the above problems, we propose a new non-autoregressive transformer with a unified bidirectional decoder (NAT-UBD), which can simultaneously utilize left-to-right and right-to-left contexts. However, direct use of bidirectional contexts will cause information leakage, which means the decoder output can be affected by the character information from the input of the same position. To avoid information leakage, we propose a novel attention mask and modify vanilla queries, keys, and values matrices for NAT-UBD. Experimental results verify that NAT-UBD can achieve character error rates (CERs) of 5.0%/5.5% on the Aishell1 dev/test sets, outperforming all previous NAR transformer models. Moreover, NAT-UBD can run 49.8x faster than the AR transformer baseline when decoding in a single step.      
### 39.Learnable Discrete Wavelet Pooling (LDW-Pooling) For Convolutional Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06638.pdf)
>  Pooling is a simple but essential layer in modern deep CNN architectures for feature aggregation and extraction. Typical CNN design focuses on the conv layers and activation functions, while leaving the pooling layers with fewer options. We introduce the Learning Discrete Wavelet Pooling (LDW-Pooling) that can be applied universally to replace standard pooling operations to better extract features with improved accuracy and efficiency. Motivated from the wavelet theory, we adopt the low-pass (L) and high-pass (H) filters horizontally and vertically for pooling on a 2D feature map. Feature signals are decomposed into four (LL, LH, HL, HH) subbands to retain features better and avoid information dropping. The wavelet transform ensures features after pooling can be fully preserved and recovered. We next adopt an energy-based attention learning to fine-select crucial and representative features. LDW-Pooling is effective and efficient when compared with other state-of-the-art pooling techniques such as WaveletPooling and LiftPooling. Extensive experimental validation shows that LDW-Pooling can be applied to a wide range of standard CNN architectures and consistently outperform standard (max, mean, mixed, and stochastic) pooling operations.      
### 40.Investigation of condominium building collapse in Surfside, Florida: a video feature tracking approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06629.pdf)
>  On June 24, 2021, a 12-story condominium building (Champlain Towers South) in Surfside, Florida partially collapsed, resulting in one of the deadliest building collapses in United States history with 98 people are confirmed dead. We analyze this collapse event using a video clip that is publicly available from social media. We apply computer vision algorithms to corroborate new information from the video clip that may not be readily interpreted by human eyes. By comparing the differential features against different video frames, our method can quantify the falling structural components by intuitively showing the directions and magnitudes of their movements. We demonstrate the potential of this video processing methodology in investigations of catastrophic structural failures and hope our results would serve as the basis for further investigations of this and other structure collapse events.      
### 41.Geometric analysis of gaits and optimal control for three-link kinematic swimmers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06511.pdf)
>  Many robotic systems locomote using gaits - periodic changes of internal shape, whose mechanical interaction with the robot`s environment generate characteristic net displacements. Prominent examples with two shape variables are the low Reynolds number 3-link "Purcell swimmer" with inputs of 2 joint angles and the "ideal fluid" swimmer. Gait analysis of these systems allows for intelligent decisions to be made about the swimmer`s locomotive properties, increasing the potential for robotic autonomy. In this work, we present comparative analysis of gait optimization using two different methods. The first method is variational approach of "Pontryagin`s maximum principle" (PMP) from optimal control theory. We apply PMP for several variants of 3-link swimmers, with and without incorporation of bounds on joint angles. The second method is differential-geometric analysis of the gaits based on curvature (total Lie bracket) of the local connection for 3-link swimmers. Using optimized body-motion coordinates, contour plots of the curvature in shape space gives visualization that enables identifying distance-optimal gaits as zero level sets. Combining and comparing results of the two methods enables better understanding of changes in existence, shape and topology of distance-optimal gait trajectories, depending on the swimmers' parameters.      
### 42.A Machine-learning Framework for Acoustic Design Assessment in Early Design Stages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06459.pdf)
>  In time-cost scale model studies, predicting acoustic performance by using simulation methods is a commonly used method that is preferred. In this field, building acoustic simulation tools are complicated by several challenges, including the high cost of acoustic tools, the need for acoustic expertise, and the time-consuming process of acoustic simulation. The goal of this project is to introduce a simple model with a short calculation time to estimate the room acoustic condition in the early design stages of the building. This paper presents a working prototype for a new method of machine learning (ML) to approximate a series of typical room acoustic parameters using only geometric data as input characteristics. A novel dataset consisting of acoustical simulations of a single room with 2916 different configurations are used to train and test the proposed model. In the stimulation process, features that include room dimensions, window size, material absorption coefficient, furniture, and shading type have been analysed by using Pachyderm acoustic software. The mentioned dataset is used as the input of seven machine-learning models based on fully connected Deep Neural Networks (DNN). The average error of ML models is between 1% to 3%, and the average error of the new predicted samples after the validation process is between 2% to 12%.      
### 43.Tesla-Rapture: A Lightweight Gesture Recognition System from mmWave Radar Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06448.pdf)
>  We present Tesla-Rapture, a gesture recognition interface for point clouds generated by mmWave Radars. State of the art gesture recognition models are either too resource consuming or not sufficiently accurate for integration into real-life scenarios using wearable or constrained equipment such as IoT devices (e.g. Raspberry PI), XR hardware (e.g. HoloLens), or smart-phones. To tackle this issue, we developed Tesla, a Message Passing Neural Network (MPNN) graph convolution approach for mmWave radar point clouds. The model outperforms the state of the art on two datasets in terms of accuracy while reducing the computational complexity and, hence, the execution time. In particular, the approach, is able to predict a gesture almost 8 times faster than the most accurate competitor. Our performance evaluation in different scenarios (environments, angles, distances) shows that Tesla generalizes well and improves the accuracy up to 20% in challenging scenarios like a through-wall setting and sensing at extreme angles. Utilizing Tesla, we develop Tesla-Rapture, a real-time implementation using a mmWave Radar on a Raspberry PI 4 and evaluate its accuracy and time-complexity. We also publish the source code, the trained models, and the implementation of the model for embedded devices.      
### 44.Structure-Enhanced Pop Music Generation via Harmony-Aware Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06441.pdf)
>  Automatically composing pop music with a satisfactory structure is an attractive but challenging topic. Although the musical structure is easy to be perceived by human, it is difficult to be described clearly and defined accurately. And it is still far from being solved that how we should model the structure in pop music generation. In this paper, we propose to leverage harmony-aware learning for structure-enhanced pop music generation. On the one hand, one of the participants of harmony, chord, represents the harmonic set of multiple notes, which is integrated closely with the spatial structure of music, texture. On the other hand, the other participant of harmony, chord progression, usually accompanies with the development of the music, which promotes the temporal structure of music, form. Besides, when chords evolve into chord progression, the texture and the form can be bridged by the harmony naturally, which contributes to the joint learning of the two structures. Furthermore, we propose the Harmony-Aware Hierarchical Music Transformer (HAT), which can exploit the structure adaptively from the music, and interact on the music tokens at multiple levels to enhance the signals of the structure in various musical elements. Results of subjective and objective evaluations demonstrate that HAT significantly improves the quality of generated music, especially in the structureness.      
### 45.A Practical Adversarial Attack on Contingency Detection of Smart Energy Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06358.pdf)
>  Due to the advances in computing and sensing, deep learning (DL) has widely been applied in smart energy systems (SESs). These DL-based solutions have proved their potentials in improving the effectiveness and adaptiveness of the control systems. However, in recent years, increasing evidence shows that DL techniques can be manipulated by adversarial attacks with carefully-crafted perturbations. Adversarial attacks have been studied in computer vision and natural language processing. However, there is very limited work focusing on the adversarial attack deployment and mitigation in energy systems. In this regard, to better prepare the SESs against potential adversarial attacks, we propose an innovative adversarial attack model that can practically compromise dynamical controls of energy system. We also optimize the deployment of the proposed adversarial attack model by employing deep reinforcement learning (RL) techniques. In this paper, we present our first-stage work in this direction. In simulation section, we evaluate the performance of our proposed adversarial attack model using standard IEEE 9-bus system.      
### 46.Data-based Online Optimization of Networked Systems with Infrequent Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06343.pdf)
>  We consider optimization problems for (networked) systems, where we minimize a cost that includes a known time-varying function associated with the system's outputs and an unknown function of the inputs. We focus on a data-based online projected gradient algorithm where: i) the input-output map of the system is replaced by measurements of the output whenever available (thus leading to a "closed-loop" setup); and ii) the unknown function is learned based on functional evaluations that may occur infrequently. Accordingly, the feedback-based online algorithm operates in a regime with inexact gradient knowledge and with random updates. We show that the online algorithm generates points that are within a bounded error from the optimal solution of the problem; in particular, we provide error bounds in expectation and in high-probability, where the latter is given when the gradient error follows a sub-Weibull distribution and when missing measurements are modeled as Bernoulli random variables. We also provide results in terms of input-to-state stability in expectation and in probability. Numerical results are presented in the context of a demand response task in power systems.      
### 47.safe-control-gym: a Unified Benchmark Suite for Safe Learning-based Control and Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06325.pdf)
>  In recent years, reinforcement learning and learning-based control -- as well as the study of their safety, crucial for deployment in real-world robots -- have gained significant traction. However, to adequately gauge the progress and applicability of new results, we need the tools to equitably compare the approaches proposed by the controls and reinforcement learning communities. Here, we propose a new open-source benchmark suite, called safe-control-gym. Our starting point is OpenAI's Gym API, which is one of the de facto standard in reinforcement learning research. Yet, we highlight the reasons for its limited appeal to control theory researchers -- and safe control, in particular. E.g., the lack of analytical models and constraint specifications. Thus, we propose to extend this API with (i) the ability to specify (and query) symbolic models and constraints and (ii) introduce simulated disturbances in the control inputs, measurements, and inertial properties. We provide implementations for three dynamic systems -- the cart-pole, 1D, and 2D quadrotor -- and two control tasks -- stabilization and trajectory tracking. To demonstrate our proposal -- and in an attempt to bring research communities closer together -- we show how to use safe-control-gym to quantitatively compare the control performance, data efficiency, and safety of multiple approaches from the areas of traditional control, learning-based control, and reinforcement learning.      
### 48.Monocular Camera Localization for Automated Vehicles Using Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06296.pdf)
>  We address the problem of finding the current position and heading angle of an autonomous vehicle in real-time using a single camera. Compared to methods which require LiDARs and high definition (HD) 3D maps in real-time, the proposed approach is easily scalable and computationally efficient, at the price of lower precision. <br>The new method combines and adapts existing algorithms in three different fields: image retrieval, mapping database, and particle filtering. The result is a simple, real-time localization method using an image retrieval method whose performance is comparable to other monocular camera localization methods which use a map built with LiDARs. <br>We evaluate the proposed method using the KITTI odometry dataset and via closed-loop experiments with an indoor 1:10 autonomous vehicle. The tests demonstrate real-time capability and a 10cm level accuracy. Also, experimental results of the closed-loop indoor tests show the presence of a positive feedback loop between the localization error and the control error. Such phenomena is analysed in details at the end of the article.      
### 49.Hierarchical Robust Adaptive Control for Wind Turbines with Actuator Fault  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06235.pdf)
>  This paper solves the problem of regulating the rotor speed tracking error for wind turbines in the full-load region by an effective robust-adaptive control strategy. The developed controller compensates for the uncertainty in the control input effectiveness caused by a pitch actuator fault, unmeasurable wind disturbance, and nonlinearity in the model. Wind turbines have multi-layer structures such that the high-level structure is nonlinearly coupled through an aggregation of the low-level control authorities. Hence, the control design is divided into two stages. First, an $\mathcal{L}_2$ controller is designed to attenuate the influence of wind disturbance fluctuations on the rotor speed. Then, in the low-level layer, a controller is designed using a proposed adaptation mechanism to compensate for actuator faults. The theoretical results show that the closed-loop equilibrium point of the regulated rotor speed tracking error dynamics in the high level is finite-gain $\mathcal{L}_2$ stable, and the closed-loop error dynamics in the low level is globally asymptotically stable. Simulation results show that the developed controller significantly reduces the root mean square of the rotor speed error compared to some well-known works, despite the largely fluctuating wind disturbance, and the time-varying uncertainty in the control input effectiveness.      
### 50.Generatively Augmented Neural Network Watchdog for Image Classification Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06168.pdf)
>  The identification of out-of-distribution data is vital to the deployment of classification networks. For example, a generic neural network that has been trained to differentiate between images of dogs and cats can only classify an input as either a dog or a cat. If a picture of a car or a kumquat were to be supplied to this classifier, the result would still be either a dog or a cat. In order to mitigate this, techniques such as the neural network watchdog have been developed. The compression of the image input into the latent layer of the autoencoder defines the region of in-distribution in the image space. This in-distribution set of input data has a corresponding boundary in the image space. The watchdog assesses whether inputs are in inside or outside this boundary. This paper demonstrates how to sharpen this boundary using generative network training data augmentation thereby bettering the discrimination and overall performance of the watchdog.      
### 51.Inferring the prior in routing games using public signalling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.05895.pdf)
>  This paper considers Bayesian persuasion for routing games where information about the uncertain state of the network is provided by a traffic information system (TIS) using public signals. In this setup, the TIS commits to a signalling scheme and participants form a posterior belief about the state of the network based on prior beliefs and received signal. They subsequently select routes minimizing their individual expected travel time under their posterior beliefs, giving rise to a Wardrop equilibrium. We investigate how the TIS can infer the prior beliefs held by the participants by designing suitable signalling schemes, and observing the equilibrium flows under different signals. We show that under mild conditions a signalling scheme that allows for exact inference of the prior exists. We then provide an iterative algorithm that finds such a scheme in a finite number of steps. Finally, we show how in the simplified 2-road, 2-state case such a scheme can be constructed without the need for a sequential procedure. Several examples illustrate our results.      
