# ArXiv eess --Fri, 24 Sep 2021
### 1.Integration of Backscatter Communication with Multi-cell NOMA: A Spectral Efficiency Optimization under Imperfect SIC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11509.pdf)
>  Non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) is expected to provide high spectral efficiency (SE) and massive connectivity in future wireless networks. On the other side, backscatter communications (BC) is an emerging technology towards battery-free transmission in future wireless networks by leveraging ambient radio frequency (RF) waves that enable communications among wireless devices. This paper proposes a new optimization framework to maximize the SE of the NOMA-BC network. In particular, we simultaneously optimize the transmit power of the base station and reflection coefficient of the backscatter device in each cell under the assumption of imperfect decoding of successive interference cancellation. The SE optimization problem is coupled on multiple variables which makes it very difficult to solve. Thus, we apply a decomposition method and KKT conditions to get an efficient solution. Simulation results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed NOMA-BC framework over the benchmark NOMA without BC framework.      
### 2.Improving Tuberculosis (TB) Prediction using Synthetically Generated Computed Tomography (CT) Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11480.pdf)
>  The evaluation of infectious disease processes on radiologic images is an important and challenging task in medical image analysis. Pulmonary infections can often be best imaged and evaluated through computed tomography (CT) scans, which are often not available in low-resource environments and difficult to obtain for critically ill patients. On the other hand, X-ray, a different type of imaging procedure, is inexpensive, often available at the bedside and more widely available, but offers a simpler, two dimensional image. We show that by relying on a model that learns to generate CT images from X-rays synthetically, we can improve the automatic disease classification accuracy and provide clinicians with a different look at the pulmonary disease process. Specifically, we investigate Tuberculosis (TB), a deadly bacterial infectious disease that predominantly affects the lungs, but also other organ systems. We show that relying on synthetically generated CT improves TB identification by 7.50% and distinguishes TB properties up to 12.16% better than the X-ray baseline.      
### 3.Synthesis of Partially Observed Jump-Diffusion Systems via Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11477.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study formal synthesis of control policies for partially observed jump-diffusion systems against complex logic specifications. Given a state estimator, we utilize a discretization-free approach for formal synthesis of control policies by using a notation of control barrier functions without requiring any knowledge of the estimation accuracy. Our goal is to synthesize an offline control policy providing (potentially maximizing) a lower bound on the probability that the trajectories of the partially observed jump-diffusion system satisfy some complex specifications expressed by deterministic finite automata. Finally, we illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed results by synthesizing a policy for a jet engine example.      
### 4.Revisit Geophysical Imaging in A New View of Physics-informed Generative Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11452.pdf)
>  Seismic full waveform inversion (FWI) is a powerful geophysical imaging technique that produces high-resolution subsurface models by iteratively minimizing the misfit between the simulated and observed seismograms. Unfortunately, conventional FWI with least-squares function suffers from many drawbacks such as the local-minima problem and computation of explicit gradient. It is particularly challenging with the contaminated measurements or poor starting models. Recent works relying on partial differential equations and neural networks show promising performance for two-dimensional FWI. Inspired by the competitive learning of generative adversarial networks, we proposed an unsupervised learning paradigm that integrates wave equation with a discriminate network to accurately estimate the physically consistent models in a distribution sense. Our framework needs no labelled training data nor pretraining of the network, is flexible to achieve multi-parameters inversion with minimal user interaction. The proposed method faithfully recovers the well-known synthetic models that outperforms the classical algorithms. Furthermore, our work paves the way to sidestep the local-minima issue via reducing the sensitivity to initial models and noise.      
### 5.Comments on Combining Switched TMAs and FDAs to Synthesize Dot-Shaped Beampatterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11444.pdf)
>  The idea of frequency diverse array (FDA) has been invigorated in the recent years by supposing to have the ability of stopping the electromagnetic wave propagation and producing secretive direct connections between distant points. However, it was based on a theoretical mistake in a series of published papers beginning from 2014. In fact, the issue was not very clear since 2018; hence the researchers should be very careful in relying on the papers of this topic.      
### 6.Deep Learning for Ultrasound Beamforming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11431.pdf)
>  Diagnostic imaging plays a critical role in healthcare, serving as a fundamental asset for timely diagnosis, disease staging and management as well as for treatment choice, planning, guidance, and follow-up. Among the diagnostic imaging options, ultrasound imaging is uniquely positioned, being a highly cost-effective modality that offers the clinician an unmatched and invaluable level of interaction, enabled by its real-time nature. Ultrasound probes are becoming increasingly compact and portable, with the market demand for low-cost pocket-sized and (in-body) miniaturized devices expanding. At the same time, there is a strong trend towards 3D imaging and the use of high-frame-rate imaging schemes; both accompanied by dramatically increasing data rates that pose a heavy burden on the probe-system communication and subsequent image reconstruction algorithms. <br>With the demand for high-quality image reconstruction and signal extraction from less (e.g unfocused or parallel) transmissions that facilitate fast imaging, and a push towards compact probes, modern ultrasound imaging leans heavily on innovations in powerful digital receive channel processing. Beamforming, the process of mapping received ultrasound echoes to the spatial image domain, naturally lies at the heart of the ultrasound image formation chain. In this chapter on Deep Learning for Ultrasound Beamforming, we discuss why and when deep learning methods can play a compelling role in the digital beamforming pipeline, and then show how these data-driven systems can be leveraged for improved ultrasound image reconstruction.      
### 7.Necessary and Sufficient Conditions for State Feedback Equivalence to Negative Imaginary Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11273.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present necessary and sufficient conditions under which a linear time-invariant (LTI) system is state feedback equivalent to a negative imaginary (NI) system. More precisely, we show that a minimal LTI strictly proper system can be rendered NI using full state feedback if and only if it can be output transformed into a system, which has relative degree less than or equal to two and is weakly minimum phase. We also considered the problems of state feedback equivalence to output strictly negative imaginary systems and strongly strict negative imaginary systems. Then we apply the NI state feedback equivalence result to robustly stabilize an uncertain system with strictly negative imaginary uncertainty. An example is provided to illustrate the proposed results, for the purpose of stabilizing an uncertain system.      
### 8.Sandboxing Controllers for Stochastic Cyber-Physical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11264.pdf)
>  Current cyber-physical systems (CPS) are expected to accomplish complex tasks. To achieve this goal, high performance, but unverified controllers (e.g. deep neural network, black-box controllers from third parties) are applied, which makes it very challenging to keep the overall CPS safe. By sandboxing these controllers, we are not only able to use them but also to enforce safety properties over the controlled physical systems at the same time. However, current available solutions for sandboxing controllers are just applicable to deterministic (a.k.a. non-stochastic) systems, possibly affected by bounded disturbances. In this paper, for the first time we propose a novel solution for sandboxing unverified complex controllers for CPS operating in noisy environments (a.k.a. stochastic CPS). Moreover, we also provide probabilistic guarantees on their safety. Here, the unverified control input is observed at each time instant and checked whether it violates the maximal tolerable probability of reaching the unsafe set. If this probability exceeds a given threshold, the unverified control input will be rejected, and the advisory input provided by the optimal safety controller will be used to maintain the probabilistic safety guarantee. The proposed approach is illustrated empirically and the results indicate that the expected safety probability is guaranteed.      
### 9.Multi-sensor joint target detection, tracking and classification via Bernoulli filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11259.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on \textit{joint detection, tracking and classification} (JDTC) of a target via multi-sensor fusion. The target can be present or not, can belong to different classes, and depending on its class can behave according to different kinematic modes. Accordingly, it is modeled as a suitably extended Bernoulli \textit{random finite set} (RFS) uniquely characterized by existence, classification, class-conditioned mode and class\&amp;mode-conditioned state probability distributions. By designing suitable centralized and distributed rules for fusing information on target existence, class, mode and state from different sensor nodes, novel \textit{centralized} and \textit{distributed} JDTC \textit{Bernoulli filters} (C-JDTC-BF and D-JDTC-BF), are proposed. The performance of the proposed JDTC-BF approach is evaluated by means of simulation experiments.      
### 10.ChannelAugment: Improving generalization of multi-channel ASR by training with input channel randomization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11225.pdf)
>  End-to-end (E2E) multi-channel ASR systems show state-of-the-art performance in far-field ASR tasks by joint training of a multi-channel front-end along with the ASR model. The main limitation of such systems is that they are usually trained with data from a fixed array geometry, which can lead to degradation in accuracy when a different array is used in testing. This makes it challenging to deploy these systems in practice, as it is costly to retrain and deploy different models for various array configurations. To address this, we present a simple and effective data augmentation technique, which is based on randomly dropping channels in the multi-channel audio input during training, in order to improve the robustness to various array configurations at test time. We call this technique ChannelAugment, in contrast to SpecAugment (SA) which drops time and/or frequency components of a single channel input audio. We apply ChannelAugment to the Spatial Filtering (SF) and Minimum Variance Distortionless Response (MVDR) neural beamforming approaches. For SF, we observe 10.6% WER improvement across various array configurations employing different numbers of microphones. For MVDR, we achieve a 74% reduction in training time without causing degradation of recognition accuracy.      
### 11.Pairwise Distance and Position Estimators From Differences in UWB Channels to Observers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11173.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of obtaining relative location information between two wireless nodes from the differences in their ultra-wideband (UWB) channels to observer nodes. Our approach focuses on the delays of multipath components (MPCs) extracted from the observed channels. For the two different cases of known and unknown MPC association between these channels, we present estimators for the distance and for the relative position vector between the two nodes. The position estimators require both MPC directions and MPC delays as input. All presented estimators exhibit very desirable technological properties: they do not require line-of-sight conditions, precise synchronization, or knowledge about the observer locations or about the environment. These advantages could enable low-cost wireless network localization in dynamic multipath environments. The exposition is complemented by a numerical evaluation of the estimation accuracy using random sampling, where especially the position estimators show the potential for great accuracy.      
### 12.Data-driven stability analysis of switched affine systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11169.pdf)
>  We consider discrete-time switching systems composed of a finite family of affine sub-dynamics. First, we recall existing results and present further analysis on the stability problem, the existence and characterization of compact attractors, and the relations these problems have with the joint spectral radius of the set of matrices composing the linear part of the subsystems. Second, we tackle the problem of providing probabilistic certificates of stability along with the existence of forward invariant sets, assuming no knowledge on the system data but only observing a finite number of sampled trajectories. Some numerical examples illustrate the advantages and limits of the proposed conditions.      
### 13.Unified Signal Compression Using a GAN with Iterative Latent Representation Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11168.pdf)
>  We propose a unified signal compression framework that uses a generative adversarial network (GAN) to compress heterogeneous signals. The compressed signal is represented as a latent vector and fed into a generator network that is trained to produce high quality realistic signals that minimize a target objective function. To efficiently quantize the compressed signal, non-uniformly quantized optimal latent vectors are identified by iterative back-propagation with alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) optimization performed for each iteration. The performance of the proposed signal compression method is assessed using multiple metrics including PSNR and MS-SSIM for image compression and also PESR, Kaldi, LSTM, and MLP performance for speech compression. Test results show that the proposed work outperforms recent state-of-the-art hand-crafted and deep learning-based signal compression methods.      
### 14.Lightweight dynamic filter for keyword spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11165.pdf)
>  Keyword Spotting (KWS) from speech signal is widely applied for being fully hands free speech recognition. The KWS network is designed as a small footprint model to be constantly monitored. Recently, dynamic filter based models are applied in deep learning applications to enhance a system's robustness or accuracy. However, as a dynamic filter framework requires high computational cost, the usage is limited to the condition of the device. In this paper, we proposed a lightweight dynamic filter to improve the performance of KWS. Our proposed model divides dynamic filter as two branches to reduce the computational complexity. This lightweight dynamic filter is applied to the front-end of KWS to enhance the separability of the input data. The experiments show that our model is robustly working on unseen noise and small training data environment by using small computational resource.      
### 15.Masks Fusion with Multi-Target Learning For Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11164.pdf)
>  Recently, deep neural network (DNN) based time-frequency (T-F) mask estimation has shown remarkable effectiveness for speech enhancement. Typically, a single T-F mask is first estimated based on DNN and then used to mask the spectrogram of noisy speech in an order to suppress the noise. This work proposes a multi-mask fusion method for speech enhancement. It simultaneously estimates two complementary masks, e.g., ideal ratio mask (IRM) and target binary mask (TBM), and then fuse them to obtain a refined mask for speech enhancement. The advantage of the new method is twofold. First, simultaneously estimating multiple complementary masks brings benefit endowed by multi-target learning. Second, multi-mask fusion can exploit the complementarity of multiple masks to boost the performance of speech enhancement. Experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve significant PESQ improvement and reduce the recognition error rate of back-end over traditional masking-based methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lc-zhou/mask-fusion" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Source Printer Identification using Printer Specific Pooling of Letter Descriptors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11139.pdf)
>  The digital revolution has replaced the use of printed documents with their digital counterparts. However, many applications require the use of both due to several factors, including challenges of digital security, installation costs, ease of use, and lack of digital expertise. Technological developments in the digital domain have also resulted in the easy availability of high-quality scanners, printers, and image editing software at lower prices. Miscreants leverage such technology to develop forged documents that may go undetected in vast volumes of printed documents. These developments mandate the research on creating fast and accurate digital systems for source printer identification of printed documents. We extensively analyze and propose a printer-specific pooling that improves the performance of printer-specific local texture descriptor on two datasets. The proposed pooling performs well using a simple correlation-based prediction instead of a complex machine learning-based classifier achieving improved performance under cross-font scenarios. The proposed system achieves an average classification accuracy of 93.5%, 94.3%, and 60.3% on documents printed in Arial, Times New Roman, and Comic Sans font types respectively, when documents printed in only Cambria font are available for training.      
### 17.Memory-Efficient Convex Optimization for Self-Dictionary Separable Nonnegative Matrix Factorization: A Frank-Wolfe Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11135.pdf)
>  Nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) often relies on the separability condition for tractable algorithm design. Separability-based NMF is mainly handled by two types of approaches, namely, greedy pursuit and convex programming. A notable convex NMF formulation is the so-called self-dictionary multiple measurement vectors (SD-MMV), which can work without knowing the matrix rank a priori, and is arguably more resilient to error propagation relative to greedy pursuit. However, convex SD-MMV renders a large memory cost that scales quadratically with the problem size. This memory challenge has been around for a decade, and a major obstacle for applying convex SD-MMV to big data analytics. This work proposes a memory-efficient algorithm for convex SD-MMV. Our algorithm capitalizes on the special update rules of a classic algorithm from the 1950s, namely, the Frank-Wolfe (FW) algorithm. It is shown that, under reasonable conditions, the FW algorithm solves the noisy SD-MMV problem with a memory cost that grows linearly with the amount of data. To handle noisier scenarios, a smoothed group sparsity regularizer is proposed to improve robustness while maintaining the low memory footprint with guarantees. The proposed approach presents the first linear memory complexity algorithmic framework for convex SD-MMV based NMF. The method is tested over a couple of unsupervised learning tasks, i.e., text mining and community detection, to showcase its effectiveness and memory efficiency.      
### 18.Rational Polynomial Camera Model Warping for Deep Learning Based Satellite Multi-View Stereo Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11121.pdf)
>  Satellite multi-view stereo (MVS) imagery is particularly suited for large-scale Earth surface reconstruction. Differing from the perspective camera model (pin-hole model) that is commonly used for close-range and aerial cameras, the cubic rational polynomial camera (RPC) model is the mainstream model for push-broom linear-array satellite cameras. However, the homography warping used in the prevailing learning based MVS methods is only applicable to pin-hole cameras. In order to apply the SOTA learning based MVS technology to the satellite MVS task for large-scale Earth surface reconstruction, RPC warping should be considered. In this work, we propose, for the first time, a rigorous RPC warping module. The rational polynomial coefficients are recorded as a tensor, and the RPC warping is formulated as a series of tensor transformations. Based on the RPC warping, we propose the deep learning based satellite MVS (SatMVS) framework for large-scale and wide depth range Earth surface reconstruction. We also introduce a large-scale satellite image dataset consisting of 519 5120${\times}$5120 images, which we call the TLC SatMVS dataset. The satellite images were acquired from a three-line camera (TLC) that catches triple-view images simultaneously, forming a valuable supplement to the existing open-source WorldView-3 datasets with single-scanline images. Experiments show that the proposed RPC warping module and the SatMVS framework can achieve a superior reconstruction accuracy compared to the pin-hole fitting method and conventional MVS methods. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/WHU-GPCV/SatMVS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Energy Efficient Control of Electric Motors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11113.pdf)
>  This paper presents development of an optimal feedback linearization control (OFLC) for interior permanent magnet (PM) synchronous machines operating in a non steady-sate operating point, i.e., varying torque and speed, to achieve precision tracking performance and energy saving by minimizing the copper loss. An isomorphism mapping between the dq-axes phase voltages and two auxiliary control inputs over full ranges of torque and speed is established by the linearization controller using the notion of orthogonal projection. The auxiliary control inputs are defined to be exclusively responsible for torque generation and power consumption. Subsequently, an analytical solution for the optimal-linearization control is derived in a closed-form by applying the Hamiltonian of optimal control theory in conjunction with the Pontryagin's minimum principle. The optimal controller takes the maximum voltage limit and torque tracking constraint into account while maximizing machine efficiency for non-constant operational load torque and speed. Unlike the convectional quadratic regulator-based control of electric motors, the proposed control approach does not rely on steady-state operation conditions and hence it is suitable for such applications as electric vehicles and robotics.      
### 20.On the Optimality of Voltage Unbalance Attenuation by Inverters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10974.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the control of inverter-based resources (IBRs) for optimal voltage unbalance attenuation (OVUA). This problem is formulated as an optimization program under a tailored dq-frame, which minimizes the negative-sequence voltage at the point of common coupling (PCC) subject to the current, active power, synchronization stability, and feasibility constraints. The program is inherently nonconvex and intractable. So, to guarantee the optimality, a rigorous optimality analysis is performed by leveraging analytical optimization. The analysis is divided into two cases: full mitigation of VU and partial attenuation of VU. For the former case, we analytically solve the original program since the resultant VU is immediately deducible. For the latter one, directly solving the problem becomes very hard. Thus, we reformulate the program into an equivalent but more tractable form under certain conditions, by which the analytical optimum can be finally derived. It is found that the optimum trajectory has three stages (O1-O3), depending on two critical boundary conditions (C1 and C2). Finally, we implement the optimum with a photovoltaic (PV)-storage system by developing an OVUA controller. The proposed approach is demonstrated by dynamic simulations under different VU conditions and is compared with several existing practices.      
### 21.Mixed-supervised segmentation: Confidence maximization helps knowledge distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10902.pdf)
>  Despite achieving promising results in a breadth of medical image segmentation tasks, deep neural networks require large training datasets with pixel-wise annotations. Obtaining these curated datasets is a cumbersome process which limits the application in scenarios where annotated images are scarce. Mixed supervision is an appealing alternative for mitigating this obstacle, where only a small fraction of the data contains complete pixel-wise annotations and other images have a weaker form of supervision. In this work, we propose a dual-branch architecture, where the upper branch (teacher) receives strong annotations, while the bottom one (student) is driven by limited supervision and guided by the upper branch. Combined with a standard cross-entropy loss over the labeled pixels, our novel formulation integrates two important terms: (i) a Shannon entropy loss defined over the less-supervised images, which encourages confident student predictions in the bottom branch; and (ii) a Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence term, which transfers the knowledge of the strongly supervised branch to the less-supervised branch and guides the entropy (student-confidence) term to avoid trivial solutions. We show that the synergy between the entropy and KL divergence yields substantial improvements in performance. We also discuss an interesting link between Shannon-entropy minimization and standard pseudo-mask generation, and argue that the former should be preferred over the latter for leveraging information from unlabeled pixels. Quantitative and qualitative results on two publicly available datasets demonstrate that our method significantly outperforms other strategies for semantic segmentation within a mixed-supervision framework, as well as recent semi-supervised approaches. Moreover, we show that the branch trained with reduced supervision and guided by the top branch largely outperforms the latter.      
### 22.End-to-End AI-based MRI Reconstruction and Lesion Detection Pipeline for Evaluation of Deep Learning Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11524.pdf)
>  Deep learning techniques have emerged as a promising approach to highly accelerated MRI. However, recent reconstruction challenges have shown several drawbacks in current deep learning approaches, including the loss of fine image details even using models that perform well in terms of global quality metrics. In this study, we propose an end-to-end deep learning framework for image reconstruction and pathology detection, which enables a clinically aware evaluation of deep learning reconstruction quality. The solution is demonstrated for a use case in detecting meniscal tears on knee MRI studies, ultimately finding a loss of fine image details with common reconstruction methods expressed as a reduced ability to detect important pathology like meniscal tears. Despite the common practice of quantitative reconstruction methodology evaluation with metrics such as SSIM, impaired pathology detection as an automated pathology-based reconstruction evaluation approach suggests existing quantitative methods do not capture clinically important reconstruction outcomes.      
### 23.Microring resonators with external optical feedback for time delay reservoir computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11486.pdf)
>  Microring resonators (MRRs) are a key photonic component in integrated devices, due to their small size, low insertion losses, and passive operation. While the MRRs have been established for optical filtering in wavelength-multiplexed systems, the nonlinear properties that they can exhibit give rise to new perspectives on their use. For instance, they have been recently considered for introducing optical nonlinearity in photonic reservoir computing systems. In this work, we present a detailed numerical investigation of a silicon MRR operation, in the presence of external optical feedback, in a time delay reservoir computing scheme. We demonstrate the versatility of this compact, passive device, by exploiting different operating regimes and solving computing tasks with diverse memory requirements. We show that when large memory is required, as it occurs in the Narma 10 task, the MRR nonlinearity does not play a significant role when the photodetection nonlinearity is involved, while the contribution of the external feedback is significant. On the contrary, for computing tasks such as the Mackey-Glass and the Santa Fe chaotic timeseries prediction, the MRR and the photodetection nonlinearities contribute both to efficient computation. The presence of optical feedback improves the prediction of the Mackey-Glass timeseries while plays a minor role in the Santa Fe timeseries case.      
### 24.Computing Funnels Using Numerical Optimization Based Falsifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11420.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an algorithm that computes funnels along trajectories of systems of ordinary differential equations. A funnel is a time-varying set of states containing the given trajectory, for which the evolution from within the set at any given time stays in the funnel. Hence it generalizes the behavior of single trajectories to sets around them, which is an important task, for example, in robot motion planning. <br>In contrast to approaches based on sum-of-squares programming, which poorly scale to high dimensions, our approach is based on falsification and tackles the funnel computation task directly, through numerical optimization. This approach computes accurate funnel estimates far more efficiently and leaves formal verification to the end, outside all funnel size optimization loops.      
### 25.A Robust Adaptive Approach to Dynamic Control of Soft Continuum Manipulators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11388.pdf)
>  Soft robots are made of compliant and deformable materials and can perform tasks challenging for conventional rigid robots. The inherent compliance of soft robots makes them more suitable and adaptable for interactions with humans and the environment. However, this preeminence comes at a cost: their continuum nature makes it challenging to develop robust model-based control strategies. Specifically, an adaptive control approach addressing this challenge has not yet been applied to physical soft robotic arms. This work presents a reformulation of dynamics for a soft continuum manipulator using the Euler-Lagrange method. The proposed model eliminates the simplifying assumption made in previous works and provides a more accurate description of the robot's inertia. Based on our model, we introduce a task-space adaptive control scheme. This controller is robust against model parameter uncertainties and unknown input disturbances. The controller is implemented on a physical soft continuum arm. A series of experiments were carried out to validate the effectiveness of the controller in task-space trajectory tracking under different payloads. The controller outperforms the state-of-the-art method both in terms of accuracy and robustness. Moreover, the proposed model-based control design is flexible and can be generalized to any continuum robotic arm with an arbitrary number of continuum segments.      
### 26.Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs) for Sound Field Predictions with Parameterized Sources and Impedance Boundaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11313.pdf)
>  Realistic sound is essential in virtual environments, such as computer games and mixed reality. Efficient and accurate numerical methods for pre-calculating acoustics have been developed over the last decade, however, pre-calculating acoustics makes handling dynamic scenes with moving sources challenging and requires intractable memory storage. A Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNS) method is presented, learning a compact and efficient surrogate model with parameterized moving sources and impedance boundaries, satisfying a system of coupled equations. The trained model shows relative mean errors below 2\%/0.2 dB, indicating that acoustics with moving sources and impedance boundaries can be predicted in real-time using PINNs.      
### 27.Tactile Grasp Refinement using Deep Reinforcement Learning and Analytic Grasp Stability Metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11234.pdf)
>  Reward functions are at the heart of every reinforcement learning (RL) algorithm. In robotic grasping, rewards are often complex and manually engineered functions that do not rely on well-justified physical models from grasp analysis. This work demonstrates that analytic grasp stability metrics constitute powerful optimization objectives for RL algorithms that refine grasps on a three-fingered hand using only tactile and joint position information. We outperform a binary-reward baseline by 42.9% and find that a combination of geometric and force-agnostic grasp stability metrics yields the highest average success rates of 95.4% for cuboids, 93.1% for cylinders, and 62.3% for spheres across wrist position errors between 0 and 7 centimeters and rotational errors between 0 and 14 degrees. In a second experiment, we show that grasp refinement algorithms trained with contact feedback (contact positions, normals, and forces) perform up to 6.6% better than a baseline that receives no tactile information.      
### 28.Unet-TTS: Improving Unseen Speaker and Style Transfer in One-shot Voice Cloning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11115.pdf)
>  One-shot voice cloning aims to transform speaker voice and speaking style in speech synthesized from a text-to-speech (TTS) system, where only a shot recording from the target speech can be used. Out-of-domain transfer is still a challenging task, and one important aspect that impacts the accuracy and similarity of synthetic speech is the conditional representations carrying speaker or style cues extracted from the limited references. In this paper, we present a novel one-shot voice cloning algorithm called Unet-TTS that has good generalization ability for unseen speakers and styles. Based on a skip-connected U-net structure, the new model can efficiently discover speaker-level and utterance-level spectral feature details from the reference audio, enabling accurate inference of complex acoustic characteristics as well as imitation of speaking styles into the synthetic speech. According to both subjective and objective evaluations of similarity, the new model outperforms both speaker embedding and unsupervised style modeling (GST) approaches on an unseen emotional corpus.      
### 29.Scenario Aware Speech Recognition: Advancements for Apollo Fearless Steps &amp; CHiME-4 Corpora  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11086.pdf)
>  In this study, we propose to investigate triplet loss for the purpose of an alternative feature representation for ASR. We consider a general non-semantic speech representation, which is trained with a self-supervised criteria based on triplet loss called TRILL, for acoustic modeling to represent the acoustic characteristics of each audio. This strategy is then applied to the CHiME-4 corpus and CRSS-UTDallas Fearless Steps Corpus, with emphasis on the 100-hour challenge corpus which consists of 5 selected NASA Apollo-11 channels. An analysis of the extracted embeddings provides the foundation needed to characterize training utterances into distinct groups based on acoustic distinguishing properties. Moreover, we also demonstrate that triplet-loss based embedding performs better than i-Vector in acoustic modeling, confirming that the triplet loss is more effective than a speaker feature. With additional techniques such as pronunciation and silence probability modeling, plus multi-style training, we achieve a +5.42% and +3.18% relative WER improvement for the development and evaluation sets of the Fearless Steps Corpus. To explore generalization, we further test the same technique on the 1 channel track of CHiME-4 and observe a +11.90% relative WER improvement for real test data.      
### 30.PCVPC: Perception Constrained Visual Predictive Control For Agile Quadrotors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.11063.pdf)
>  We present a perception constrained visual predictive control (PCVPC) algorithm for quadrotors to enable aggressive flights without using any position information. Our framework leverages nonlinear model predictive control (NMPC) to formulate a constrained image-based visual servoing (IBVS) problem. The quadrotor dynamics, image dynamics, actuation constraints, and visibility constraints are taken into account to handle quadrotor maneuvers with high agility. Two main challenges of applying IBVS to agile drones are considered: (i) high sensitivity of depths to intense orientation changes, and (ii) conflict between the visual servoing objective and action objective due to the underactuated nature. To deal with the first challenge, we parameterize a visual feature by a bearing vector and a distance, by which the depth will no longer be involved in the image dynamics. Meanwhile, we settle the conflict problem by compensating for the rotation in the future visual servoing cost using the predicted orientations of the quadrotor. Our approach in simulation shows that (i) it can work without any position information, (ii) it can achieve a maximum referebce speed of 9 m/s in trajectory tracking without losing the target, and (iii) it can reach a landmark, e.g., a gate in drone racing, from varied initial configurations.      
### 31.Verification of Approximate Opacity via Barrier Certificates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10993.pdf)
>  This paper is motivated by the increasing security concerns of cyber-physical systems. Here, we develop a discretization-free verification scheme targeting an information-flow security property, called approximate initial-state opacity, for the class of discrete-time control systems. We propose notions of so-called augmented control barrier certificates in conjunction with specified regions of interest capturing the initial and secret sets of the system. Sufficient conditions for (the lack of) approximate initial-state opacity of discrete-time control systems are proposed based on the existence of the proposed barrier certificates. We further present an efficient computation method by casting the conditions for barrier certificates as sum-of-squares programming problems. The effectiveness of the proposed results is illustrated through two numerical examples.      
### 32.Design, Fabrication, Characterization and Reliability Study of CMOS-MEMS Lorentz-Force Magnetometers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10980.pdf)
>  This article presents several design techniques to fabricate micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) using standard complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (CMOS) processes. They were applied to fabricate high yield CMOS-MEMS shielded Lorentz-force magnetometers (LFM). The multilayered metals and oxides of the back-end-of-line (BEOL), normally used for electronic routing, comprise the structural part of the MEMS. The most important fabrication challenges, modeling approaches and design solutions are discussed. Equations that predict the Q factor, sensitivity, Brownian noise and resonant frequency as a function of temperature, gas pressure and design parameters are presented and validated in characterization tests. A number of the fabricated magnetometers were packaged into Quad Flat No-leads (QFN) packages. We show this process can achieve yields above 95 % when the proper design techniques are adopted. Despite CMOS not being a process for MEMS manufacturing, estimated performance (sensitivity and noise level) is similar or superior to current commercial magnetometers and others built with MEMS processes. Additionally, typical offsets present in Lorentz-force magnetometers were prevented with a shielding electrode, whose efficiency is quantified. Finally, several reliability test results are presented, which demonstrate the robustness against high temperatures, magnetic fields and acceleration shocks.      
### 33.Barriers and Potentially Safe Sets in Hybrid Systems: Pendulum with Non-Rigid Cable  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10976.pdf)
>  This paper deals with an application of the notion of barrier in mixed constrained nonlinear systems to an example of a pendulum mounted on a cart with non-rigid cable, whose dynamics may switch to free-fall when the tension of the cable vanishes. We present a direct construction of the boundary of the potentially safe set in which there always exists a control such that the cable never goes slack. A discussion on the dependence of this set with respect to the pendulum and cart masses is then sketched.      
### 34.A decentralized policy for voltage and frequency control and power sharing in inverter based microgrids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.10956.pdf)
>  Grid-forming inverters-based autonomous microgrids present new operational challenges as the stabilizing rotational inertia of synchronous machines is absent. We propose in the paper a control architecture for frequency and voltage control with good scalability properties. At slower timescales, it allows to incorporate a distributed secondary control policy for which we provide an analytical stability result with line conductances taken into account. At faster timescales, it satisfies a passivity property for a wide range of parameters. The distinctive feature of the voltage control scheme is that it has a double loop structure that uses the DC voltage in the feedback control policy to improve performance. The frequency control policy employs the inverter output current and angle to provide an improved angle droop policy. The performance of the control policy is illustrated via advanced simulations.      
