# ArXiv eess --Mon, 13 Sep 2021
### 1.View Blind-spot as Inpainting: Self-Supervised Denoising with Mask Guided Residual Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04970.pdf)
>  In recent years, self-supervised denoising methods have shown impressive performance, which circumvent painstaking collection procedure of noisy-clean image pairs in supervised denoising methods and boost denoising applicability in real world. One of well-known self-supervised denoising strategies is the blind-spot training scheme. However, a few works attempt to improve blind-spot based self-denoiser in the aspect of network architecture. In this paper, we take an intuitive view of blind-spot strategy and consider its process of using neighbor pixels to predict manipulated pixels as an inpainting process. Therefore, we propose a novel Mask Guided Residual Convolution (MGRConv) into common convolutional neural networks, e.g. U-Net, to promote blind-spot based denoising. Our MGRConv can be regarded as soft partial convolution and find a trade-off among partial convolution, learnable attention maps, and gated convolution. It enables dynamic mask learning with appropriate mask constrain. Different from partial convolution and gated convolution, it provides moderate freedom for network learning. It also avoids leveraging external learnable parameters for mask activation, unlike learnable attention maps. The experiments show that our proposed plug-and-play MGRConv can assist blind-spot based denoising network to reach promising results on both existing single-image based and dataset-based methods.      
### 2.Uncertainty-Aware Capacity Allocation in Flow-Based Market Coupling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04968.pdf)
>  The effective allocation of cross-border trading capacities is one of the central challenges in implementation of a pan-European internal energy market. Flow-based market coupling has shown promising results for to achieve better price convergence between market areas, while, at the same time, improving congestion management effectiveness by explicitly internalizing power flows on critical network elements in the capacity allocation routine. However, the question of FBMC effectiveness for a future power system with a very high share of intermittent renewable generation is often overlooked in the current literature. This paper provides a comprehensive summary on FBMC modeling assumptions, discusses implications of external policy considerations and explicitly discusses the impact of high-shares of intermittent generation on the effectiveness of FBMC as a method of capacity allocation and congestion management in zonal electricity markets. We propose to use an RES uncertainty model and probabilistic security margins on the FBMC parameterization to effectively assess the impact of forecast errors in renewable dominant power systems. Numerical experiments on the well-studied IEEE 118 bus test system demonstrate the mechanics of the studied FBMC simulation. Our data and implementation are published through the open-source power market tool POMATO.      
### 3.Automatic Displacement and Vibration Measurement in Laboratory Experiments with A Deep Learning Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04960.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a pipeline to automatically track and measure displacement and vibration of structural specimens during laboratory experiments. The latest Mask Regional Convolutional Neural Network (Mask R-CNN) can locate the targets and monitor their movement from videos recorded by a stationary camera. To improve precision and remove the noise, techniques such as Scale-invariant Feature Transform (SIFT) and various filters for signal processing are included. Experiments on three small-scale reinforced concrete beams and a shaking table test are utilized to verify the proposed method. Results show that the proposed deep learning method can achieve the goal to automatically and precisely measure the motion of tested structural members during laboratory experiments.      
### 4.Development and Validation of a Scalable Fast Load Shedding Technique for Industrial Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04951.pdf)
>  The work aims to improve the existing fast load shedding algorithm for industrial power system to increase performance, reliability, and scalability for future expansions. The paper illustrates the development of a scalable algorithm to compute the shedding matrix, and the test performed on a model of the electric grid of an offshore platform. From this model it is possible to study the impact on the transients of various parameters, such as spinning reserve and delay time. Subsequently, the code is converted into Structured Text and implemented on an ABB PLC. The scalability of the load shedding algorithm is thus verified, confirming its performance with respect to the computation of the shedding matrix and the usefulness of the dynamic simulations during the design phase of the plant.      
### 5.Large-vocabulary Audio-visual Speech Recognition in Noisy Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04894.pdf)
>  Audio-visual speech recognition (AVSR) can effectively and significantly improve the recognition rates of small-vocabulary systems, compared to their audio-only counterparts. For large-vocabulary systems, however, there are still many difficulties, such as unsatisfactory video recognition accuracies, that make it hard to improve over audio-only baselines. In this paper, we specifically consider such scenarios, focusing on the large-vocabulary task of the LRS2 database, where audio-only performance is far superior to video-only accuracies, making this an interesting and challenging setup for multi-modal integration. <br>To address the inherent difficulties, we propose a new fusion strategy: a recurrent integration network is trained to fuse the state posteriors of multiple single-modality models, guided by a set of model-based and signal-based stream reliability measures. During decoding, this network is used for stream integration within a hybrid recognizer, where it can thus cope with the time-variant reliability and information content of its multiple feature inputs. <br>We compare the results with end-to-end AVSR systems as well as with competitive hybrid baseline models, finding that the new fusion strategy shows superior results, on average even outperforming oracle dynamic stream weighting, which has so far marked the -- realistically unachievable -- upper bound for standard stream weighting. Even though the pure lipreading performance is low, audio-visual integration is helpful under all -- clean, noisy, and reverberant -- conditions. On average, the new system achieves a relative word error rate reduction of 42.18\% compared to the audio-only model, pointing at a high effectiveness of the proposed integration approach.      
### 6.Mid-wave infrared super-resolution imaging based on compressive calibration and sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04887.pdf)
>  Mid-wave infrared (MWIR) cameras for large number pixels are extremely expensive compared with their counterparts in visible light, thus, super-resolution imaging (SRI) for MWIR by increasing imaging pixels has always been a research hotspot in recent years. Over the last decade, with the extensively investigation of the compressed sensing (CS) method, focal plane array (FPA) based compressive imaging in MWIR developed rapidly for SRI. This paper presents a long-distance super-resolution FPA compressive imaging in MWIR with improved calibration method and imaging effect. By the use of CS, we measure and calculate the calibration matrix of optical system efficiently and precisely, which improves the imaging contrast and signal-to-noise ratio(SNR) compared with previous work. We also achieved the 4x4 times super-resolution reconstruction of the long-distance objects which reaches the limit of the system design in our experiment.      
### 7.GPS-Denied Navigation Using Low-Cost Inertial Sensors and Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04861.pdf)
>  Autonomous missions of drones require continuous and reliable estimates for the drone's attitude, velocity, and position. Traditionally, these states are estimated by applying Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) to Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Barometer, Magnetometer, and GPS measurements. When the GPS signal is lost, position and velocity estimates deteriorate quickly, especially when using low-cost inertial sensors. This paper proposes an estimation method that uses a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) to allow reliable estimation of a drone's position and velocity in the absence of GPS signal. The RNN is trained on a public dataset collected using Pixhawk. This low-cost commercial autopilot logs the raw sensor measurements (network inputs) and corresponding EKF estimates (ground truth outputs). The dataset is comprised of 548 different flight logs with flight durations ranging from 4 to 32 minutes. For training, 465 flights are used, totaling 45 hours. The remaining 83 flights totaling 8 hours are held out for validation. Error in a single flight is taken to be the maximum absolute difference in 3D position (MPE) between the RNN predictions (without GPS) and the ground truth (EKF with GPS). On the validation set, the median MPE is 35 meters. MPE values as low as 2.7 meters in a 5-minutes flight could be achieved using the proposed method. The MPE in 90% of the validation flights is bounded below 166 meters. The network was experimentally tested and worked in real-time.      
### 8.Model Predictive Control with Infeasible Reference Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04846.pdf)
>  Model Predictive Control (MPC) formulations are typically built on the requirement that a feasible reference trajectory is available. In practical settings, however, references that are infeasible with respect to the system dynamics are used for convenience. In this paper, we prove under which conditions an MPC formulation is Input-to-State Stable~(ISS) in closed-loop when an infeasible reference is used, and that with proper terminal conditions, asymptotic stability towards an optimal reference may be achieved. We illustrate the theoretical results with a four-dimensional robotic joint example.      
### 9.1st-Order Dynamics on Nonlinear Agents for Resource Allocation over Uniformly-Connected Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04822.pdf)
>  In this paper, a general nonlinear 1st-order consensus-based solution for distributed constrained convex optimization is considered for applications in network resource allocation. The proposed continuous-time solution is used to optimize continuously-differentiable strictly convex cost functions over weakly-connected undirected multi-agent networks. The solution is anytime feasible and models various nonlinearities to account for imperfections and constraints on the (physical model of) agents in terms of their limited actuation capabilities, e.g., quantization and saturation constraints among others. Moreover, different applications impose specific nonlinearities to the model, e.g., convergence in fixed/finite-time, robustness to uncertainties, and noise-tolerant dynamics. Our proposed distributed resource allocation protocol generalizes such nonlinear models. Putting convex set analysis together with the Lyapunov theorem, we provide a general technique to prove convergence (i) regardless of the particular type of nonlinearity (ii) with weak network-connectivity requirement (i.e., uniform-connectivity). We simulate the performance of the protocol in continuous-time coordination of generators, known as the economic dispatch problem (EDP).      
### 10.RAPID: Retrofitting IEEE 802.11ay Access Points for Indoor Human Detection and Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04819.pdf)
>  In this work we present RAPID, a Joint Communication &amp; Radar (JCR) system based on next generation IEEE 802.11ay WiFi networks in the 60 GHz band, which retrofits existing communication hardware to perform zero-cost monitoring of human movement and activities in indoor spaces. Most of the available approaches for human sensing at millimeter-waves employ special-purpose radar devices, which are utilized to retrieve and analyze the small-scale Doppler effect (micro-Doppler) caused by human motion. This is key to achieve fine-grained sensing applications such as simultaneous activity recognition and person identification. We show that IEEE 802.11ay Access Points (APs) can be retrofitted to perform radar-like extraction of micro-Doppler effects of multiple human subjects. While radar systems entail the deployment of additional hardware, our framework performs activity recognition and person identification using IEEE 802.11ay wireless networks with no modifications to the transmitted packet structure specified by the standard. We leverage the in-packet beam training capability of IEEE 802.11ay to accurately localize and track multiple individuals using the estimated Channel Impulse Response (CIR), while the beam tracking mechanism embedded in data packets allows to extract the desired micro-Doppler ({\mu}D) signatures of the subjects. We implement our system on an IEEE 802.11ay-compatible full-duplex FPGA platform with phased antenna arrays, which can estimate the CIR from the reflections of transmitted packets. Using two access points, we achieve reliable positioning and tracking of multiple subjects, and an accuracy of 93% and 90% for activity recognition and person identification, respectively.      
### 11.Secondary control activation analysed and predicted with explainable AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04802.pdf)
>  The transition to a renewable energy system poses challenges for power grid operation and stability. Secondary control is key in restoring the power system to its reference following a disturbance. Underestimating the necessary control capacity may require emergency measures, such as load shedding. Hence, a solid understanding of the emerging risks and the driving factors of control is needed. In this contribution, we establish an explainable machine learning model for the activation of secondary control power in Germany. Training gradient boosted trees, we obtain an accurate description of control activation. Using SHapely Additive exPlanation (SHAP) values, we investigate the dependency between control activation and external features such as the generation mix, forecasting errors, and electricity market data. Thereby, our analysis reveals drivers that lead to high reserve requirements in the German power system. Our transparent approach, utilizing open data and making machine learning models interpretable, opens new scientific discovery avenues.      
### 12.Quantifying Effective Noise Sources in Coupled Resonating MEMS sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04800.pdf)
>  This paper presents realistic system-level modelling and simulation of effective noise sources in a coupled resonating MEMS sensors. A governing set of differential equations are used to build a numerical model of a mechanical noise source in a coupled-resonator sensor. An effective thermomechanical noise is then quantified through the system-level simulation obtained via Simulink. On a similar note, various noise sources in electronic readout are identified and the contribution of each is quantified to determine an effective noise that stems from the electronic readout. A comparison between an effective mechanical and electronic noise aids in identifying the dominant noise source in a sensor system. A method to optimize the system noise floor for an amplitude-based the readout is presented. The proposed models present a variety of operating conditions, such as finite quality factor, varying coupled electric spring strength, and operation with in-phase and out-of-phase mode. The proposed models aim to determine the impact of fundamental noise processes and thus quantify the ultimate detection limit into a coupled resonating system used for various sensing applications.      
### 13.ReconfigISP: Reconfigurable Camera Image Processing Pipeline  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04760.pdf)
>  Image Signal Processor (ISP) is a crucial component in digital cameras that transforms sensor signals into images for us to perceive and understand. Existing ISP designs always adopt a fixed architecture, e.g., several sequential modules connected in a rigid order. Such a fixed ISP architecture may be suboptimal for real-world applications, where camera sensors, scenes and tasks are diverse. In this study, we propose a novel Reconfigurable ISP (ReconfigISP) whose architecture and parameters can be automatically tailored to specific data and tasks. In particular, we implement several ISP modules, and enable backpropagation for each module by training a differentiable proxy, hence allowing us to leverage the popular differentiable neural architecture search and effectively search for the optimal ISP architecture. A proxy tuning mechanism is adopted to maintain the accuracy of proxy networks in all cases. Extensive experiments conducted on image restoration and object detection, with different sensors, light conditions and efficiency constraints, validate the effectiveness of ReconfigISP. Only hundreds of parameters need tuning for every task.      
### 14.Design of input for data-driven simulation with Hankel and Page matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04742.pdf)
>  The paper deals with the problem of designing informative input trajectories for data-driven simulation. First, the excitation requirements in the case of noise-free data are discussed and new weaker conditions, which assume the simulated input to be known in advance, are provided. Then, the case of noisy data trajectories is considered and an input design problem based on a recently proposed maximum likelihood estimator is formulated. A Bayesian interpretation is provided, and the implications of using Hankel and Page matrix representations are demonstrated. Numerical examples show the impact of the designed input on the predictive accuracy.      
### 15.STL2vec: Signal Temporal Logic Embeddings for Control Synthesis With Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04636.pdf)
>  In this paper, a method for learning a recurrent neural network (RNN) controller that maximizes the robustness of signal temporal logic (STL) specifications is presented. In contrast to previous methods, we consider synthesizing the RNN controller for which the user is able to select an STL specification arbitrarily from multiple STL specifications. To obtain such a controller, we propose a novel notion called STL2vec, which represents a vector representation of the STL specifications and exhibits their similarities. The construction of the STL2vec is useful since it allows us to enhance the efficiency and performance of the RNN controller. We validate our proposed method through the examples of the path planning problem.      
### 16.Risk-perception-aware control design under dynamic spatial risks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04570.pdf)
>  This work proposes a novel risk-perception-aware (RPA) control design using non-rational perception of risks associated with uncertain dynamic spatial costs. We use Cumulative Prospect Theory (CPT) to model the risk perception of a decision maker (DM) and use it to construct perceived risk functions that transform the uncertain dynamic spatial cost to deterministic perceived risks of a DM. These risks are then used to build safety sets which can represent risk-averse to risk-insensitive perception. We define a notions of "inclusiveness" and "versatility" based on safety sets and use it to compare with other models such as Conditional value at Risk (CVaR) and Expected risk (ER). We theoretically prove that CPT is the most "inclusive" and "versatile" model of the lot in the context of risk-perception-aware controls. We further use the perceived risk function along with ideas from control barrier functions (CBF) to construct a class of perceived risk CBFs. For a class of truncated-Gaussian costs, we find sufficient geometric conditions for the validity of this class of CBFs, thus guaranteeing safety. Then, we generate perceived-safety-critical controls using a Quadratic program (QP) to guide an agent safely according to a given perceived risk model. We present simulations in a 2D environment to illustrate the performance of the proposed controller.      
### 17.Directional MCLP Analysis and Reconstruction for Spatial Speech Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04544.pdf)
>  Spatial speech communication, i.e., the reconstruction of spoken signal along with the relative speaker position in the enclosure (reverberation information) is considered in this paper. Directional, diffuse components and the source position information are estimated at the transmitter, and perceptually effective reproduction is considered at the receiver. We consider spatially distributed microphone arrays for signal acquisition, and node specific signal estimation, along with its direction of arrival (DoA) estimation. Short-time Fourier transform (STFT) domain multi-channel linear prediction (MCLP) approach is used to model the diffuse component and relative acoustic transfer function is used to model the direct signal component. Distortion-less array response constraint and the time-varying complex Gaussian source model are used in the joint estimation of source DoA and the constituent signal components, separately at each node. The intersection between DoA directions at each node is used to compute the source position. Signal components computed at the node nearest to the estimated source position are taken as the signals for transmission. <br>At the receiver, a four channel loud speaker (LS) setup is used for spatial reproduction, in which the source spatial image is reproduced relative to a chosen virtual listener position in the transmitter enclosure. Vector base amplitude panning (VBAP) method is used for direct component reproduction using the LS setup and the diffuse component is reproduced equally from all the loud speakers after decorrelation. This scheme of spatial speech communication is shown to be effective and more natural for hands-free telecommunication, through either loudspeaker listening or binaural headphone listening with head related transfer function (HRTF) based presentation.      
### 18.Evaluating Policy Implications on the Restrictiveness of Flow-based Market Coupling with High Shares of Intermittent Generation: A Case Study for Central Western Europe  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04940.pdf)
>  The current stage in the evolution of the European internal energy market for electricity is defined by the transformation towards a renewable energy system. The Clean Energy Package aims to ensure that methods for capacity allocation and congestion management, that are at the center of the European internal market for electricity, align with this transformation. <br>Flow-based market coupling, the preferred method for capacity allocation, is first and foremost a formal process to allocate exchange capacities to the markets. However, the process also allows for many considerations of the involved parties that impact the resulting capacities. As part of the Clear Energy Package, the regulatory body enacted their ambition to increase exchange capacities by enforcing transmission system operators to allocate a minimum margin of physical line capacity with the goal of providing a higher level of competition and better integration of renewable energy sources. This study investigates this and other policy relevant consideration of flow-based market coupling. <br>The model results quantify the trade-off between permissive capacity allocation and increased congestion management. For high shares of intermittent renewable generation, less constrained exchange capacities are favorable, however also highlight the importance of the markets ability to integrate high shares of intermittent generation. apacities are favourable, however also highlight the importance of the markets ability to integrate high shares of intermittent generation.      
### 19.Trajectory Optimization with Optimization-Based Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04928.pdf)
>  We present a framework for bi-level trajectory optimization in which a system's dynamics are encoded as the solution to a constrained optimization problem and smooth gradients of this lower-level problem are passed to an upper-level trajectory optimizer. This optimization-based dynamics representation enables constraint handling, additional variables, and non-smooth forces to be abstracted away from the upper-level optimizer, and allows classical unconstrained optimizers to synthesize trajectories for more complex systems. We provide a path-following method for efficient evaluation of constrained dynamics and utilize the implicit-function theorem to compute smooth gradients of this representation. We demonstrate the framework by modeling systems from locomotion, aerospace, and manipulation domains including: acrobot with joint limits, cart-pole subject to Coulomb friction, Raibert hopper, rocket landing with thrust limits, and planar-push task with optimization-based dynamics and then optimize trajectories using iterative LQR.      
### 20.Discretizing Dynamics for Maximum Likelihood Constraint Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04874.pdf)
>  Maximum likelihood constraint inference is a powerful technique for identifying unmodeled constraints that affect the behavior of a demonstrator acting under a known objective function. However, it was originally formulated only for discrete state-action spaces. Continuous dynamics are more useful for modeling many real-world systems of interest, including the movements of humans and robots. We present a method to generate a tabular state-action space that approximates continuous dynamics and can be used for constraint inference on demonstrations that obey the true system dynamics. We then demonstrate accurate constraint inference on nonlinear pendulum systems with 2- and 4-dimensional state spaces, and show that performance is robust to a range of hyperparameters. The demonstrations are not required to be fully optimal with respect to the objective, and the most likely constraints can be identified even when demonstrations cover only a small portion of the state space. For these reasons, the proposed approach may be especially useful for inferring constraints on human demonstrators, which has important applications in human-robot interaction and biomechanical medicine.      
### 21.Compositional Cyber-Physical Systems Theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04858.pdf)
>  This dissertation builds a compositional cyber-physical systems theory to develop concrete semantics relating the above diverse views necessary for safety and security assurance. In this sense, composition can take two forms. The first is composing larger models from smaller ones within each individual formalism of requirements, behaviors, and architectures which can be thought of as horizontal composition -- a problem which is largely solved. The second and main contribution of this theory is vertical composition, meaning relating or otherwise providing verified composition across requirement, behavioral, and architecture models and their associated algebras. In this dissertation, we show that one possible solution to vertical composition is to use tools from category theory. Category theory is a natural candidate for making both horizontal and vertical composition formally explicit because it can relate, compare, and/or unify different algebras.      
### 22.KNODE-MPC: A Knowledge-based Data-driven Predictive Control Framework for Aerial Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04821.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the problem of deriving and incorporating accurate dynamic models for model predictive control (MPC) with an application to quadrotor control. MPC relies on precise dynamic models to achieve the desired closed-loop performance. However, the presence of uncertainties in complex systems and the environments they operate in poses a challenge in obtaining sufficiently accurate representations of the system dynamics. In this work, we make use of a deep learning tool, knowledge-based neural ordinary differential equations (KNODE), to augment a model obtained from first principles. The resulting hybrid model encompasses both a nominal first-principle model and a neural network learnt from simulated or real-world experimental data. Using a quadrotor, we benchmark our hybrid model against a state-of-the-art Gaussian Process (GP) model and show that the hybrid model provides more accurate predictions of the quadrotor dynamics and is able to generalize beyond the training data. To improve closed-loop performance, the hybrid model is integrated into a novel MPC framework, known as KNODE-MPC. Results show that the integrated framework achieves 73% improvement in simulations and more than 14% in physical experiments, in terms of trajectory tracking performance.      
### 23.Self-Attention Channel Combinator Frontend for End-to-End Multichannel Far-field Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04783.pdf)
>  When a sufficiently large far-field training data is presented, jointly optimizing a multichannel frontend and an end-to-end (E2E) Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) backend shows promising results. Recent literature has shown traditional beamformer designs, such as MVDR (Minimum Variance Distortionless Response) or fixed beamformers can be successfully integrated as the frontend into an E2E ASR system with learnable parameters. In this work, we propose the self-attention channel combinator (SACC) ASR frontend, which leverages the self-attention mechanism to combine multichannel audio signals in the magnitude spectral domain. Experiments conducted on a multichannel playback test data shows that the SACC achieved a 9.3% WERR compared to a state-of-the-art fixed beamformer-based frontend, both jointly optimized with a ContextNet-based ASR backend. We also demonstrate the connection between the SACC and the traditional beamformers, and analyze the intermediate outputs of the SACC.      
### 24.Speech Enhancement by Noise Self-Supervised Rank-Constrained Spatial Covariance Matrix Estimation via Independent Deeply Learned Matrix Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04658.pdf)
>  Rank-constrained spatial covariance matrix estimation (RCSCME) is a method for the situation that the directional target speech and the diffuse noise are mixed. In conventional RCSCME, independent low-rank matrix analysis (ILRMA) is used as the preprocessing method. We propose RCSCME using independent deeply learned matrix analysis (IDLMA), which is a supervised extension of ILRMA. In this method, IDLMA requires deep neural networks (DNNs) to separate the target speech and the noise. We use Denoiser, which is a single-channel speech enhancement DNN, in IDLMA to estimate not only the target speech but also the noise. We also propose noise self-supervised RCSCME, in which we estimate the noise-only time intervals using the output of Denoiser and design the prior distribution of the noise spatial covariance matrix for RCSCME. We confirm that the proposed methods outperform the conventional methods under several noise conditions.      
### 25.Risk-bounded Path Planning for Urban Air Mobility Operations under Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04606.pdf)
>  Collision avoidance is an essential concern for the autonomous operations of aerial vehicles in dynamic and uncertain urban environments. This paper introduces a risk-bounded path planning algorithm for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) operating in such environments. This algorithm advances the rapidly-exploring random tree (RRT) with chance constraints to generate probabilistically guaranteed collision-free paths that are robust to vehicle and environmental obstacle uncertainties. Assuming all uncertainties follow Gaussian distributions, the chance constraints are established through converting dynamic and probabilistic constraints into equivalent static and deterministic constraints. By incorporating chance constraints into the RRT algorithm, the proposed algorithm not only inherits the computational advantage of sampling-based algorithms but also guarantees a probabilistically feasible flying zone at every time step. Simulation results show the promising performance of the proposed algorithm.      
### 26.A Unified Model with Inertia Shaping for Highly Dynamic Jumps of Legged Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04581.pdf)
>  To achieve highly dynamic jumps of legged robots, it is essential to control the rotational dynamics of the robot. In this paper, we aim to improve the jumping performance by proposing a unified model for planning highly dynamic jumps that can approximately model the centroidal inertia. This model abstracts the robot as a single rigid body for the base and point masses for the legs. The model is called the Lump Leg Single Rigid Body Model (LL-SRBM) and can be used to plan motions for both bipedal and quadrupedal robots. By taking the effects of leg dynamics into account, LL-SRBM provides a computationally efficient way for the motion planner to change the centroidal inertia of the robot with various leg configurations. Concurrently, we propose a novel contact detection method by using the norm of the average spatial velocity. After the contact is detected, the controller is switched to force control to achieve a soft landing. Twisting jump and forward jump experiments on the bipedal robot SLIDER and quadrupedal robot ANYmal demonstrate the improved jump performance by actively changing the centroidal inertia. These experiments also show the generalization and the robustness of the integrated planning and control framework.      
