# ArXiv eess --Thu, 16 Sep 2021
### 1.Experimental Study of the Phase Noise in K-band ARoF systems for Low Complexity 5G receivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07392.pdf)
>  In this paper, an experimental analysis of the phase noise in an OFDM ARoF setup at 25 GHzfor beyond 5G is presented. The configuration of the setup allows to gradually scale the final phase noise level of the system. Moreover, an OFDM phase noise mitigation method with low complexity and delay is proposed and explained. The proposed method is an advanced version of the LI-CPE algorithm. The advanced LI-CPE version avoids the one OFDM symbol delay of its antecedent. In addition, the yields of using both methods are shown under different phase noise levels and with different subcarrier spacings. Finally, it is experimentally proven that the proposed method performs better than its previous version.      
### 2.Improving Accent Identification and Accented Speech Recognition Under a Framework of Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07349.pdf)
>  Recently, self-supervised pre-training has gained success in automatic speech recognition (ASR). However, considering the difference between speech accents in real scenarios, how to identify accents and use accent features to improve ASR is still challenging. In this paper, we employ the self-supervised pre-training method for both accent identification and accented speech recognition tasks. For the former task, a standard deviation constraint loss (SDC-loss) based end-to-end (E2E) architecture is proposed to identify accents under the same language. As for accented speech recognition task, we design an accent-dependent ASR system, which can utilize additional accent input features. Furthermore, we propose a frame-level accent feature, which is extracted based on the proposed accent identification model and can be dynamically adjusted. We pre-train our models using 960 hours unlabeled LibriSpeech dataset and fine-tune them on AESRC2020 speech dataset. The experimental results show that our proposed accent-dependent ASR system is significantly ahead of the AESRC2020 baseline and achieves $6.5\%$ relative word error rate (WER) reduction compared with our accent-independent ASR system.      
### 3.Improving Streaming Transformer Based ASR Under a Framework of Self-supervised Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07327.pdf)
>  Recently self-supervised learning has emerged as an effective approach to improve the performance of automatic speech recognition (ASR). Under such a framework, the neural network is usually pre-trained with massive unlabeled data and then fine-tuned with limited labeled data. However, the non-streaming architecture like bidirectional transformer is usually adopted by the neural network to achieve competitive results, which can not be used in streaming scenarios. In this paper, we mainly focus on improving the performance of streaming transformer under the self-supervised learning framework. Specifically, we propose a novel two-stage training method during fine-tuning, which combines knowledge distilling and self-training. The proposed training method achieves 16.3% relative word error rate (WER) reduction on Librispeech noisy test set. Finally, by only using the 100h clean subset of Librispeech as the labeled data and the rest (860h) as the unlabeled data, our streaming transformer based model obtains competitive WERs 3.5/8.7 on Librispeech clean/noisy test sets.      
### 4.DeFungi: Direct Mycological Examination of Microscopic Fungi Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07322.pdf)
>  Traditionally, diagnosis and treatment of fungal infections in humans depend heavily on face-to-face consultations or examinations made by specialized laboratory scientists known as mycologists. In many cases, such as the recent mucormycosis spread in the COVID-19 pandemic, an initial treatment can be safely suggested to the patient during the earliest stage of the mycological diagnostic process by performing a direct examination of biopsies or samples through a microscope. Computer-aided diagnosis systems using deep learning models have been trained and used for the late mycological diagnostic stages. However, there are no reference literature works made for the early stages. A mycological laboratory in Colombia donated the images used for the development of this research work. They were manually labelled into five classes and curated with a subject matter expert assistance. The images were later cropped and patched with automated code routines to produce the final dataset. This paper presents experimental results classifying five fungi types using two different deep learning approaches and three different convolutional neural network models, VGG16, Inception V3, and ResNet50. The first approach benchmarks the classification performance for the models trained from scratch, while the second approach benchmarks the classification performance using pre-trained models based on the ImageNet dataset. Using k-fold cross-validation testing on the 5-class dataset, the best performing model trained from scratch was Inception V3, reporting 73.2% accuracy. Also, the best performing model using transfer learning was VGG16 reporting 85.04%. The statistics provided by the two approaches create an initial point of reference to encourage future research works to improve classification performance. Furthermore, the dataset built is published in Kaggle and GitHub to foster future research.      
### 5.Distributed flexibility as a cost-effective alternative to grid reinforcement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07305.pdf)
>  The deployment of distributed photovoltaics (PV) in low-voltage networks may cause technical issues such as voltage rises, line ampacity violations, and transformer overloading for distribution system operators (DSOs). These problems may induce high grid reinforcement costs. In this work, we assume the DSO can control each prosumer's battery and PV system. Under such assumptions, we evaluate the cost of providing flexibility and compare it with grid reinforcement costs. Our results highlight that using distributed flexibility is more profitable than reinforcing a low-voltage network until the PV generation covers 145% of the network annual energy demand.      
### 6.Modelling Periodic Measurement Data Having a Piecewise Polynomial Trend Using the Method of Variable Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07289.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new method for modelling periodic signals having an aperiodic trend, using the method of variable projection. It is a major extension to the IEEE-standard 1057 by permitting the background to be time varying; additionally, any number of harmonics of the periodic portion can be modelled. This paper focuses on using B-Splines to implement a piecewise polynomial model for the aperiodic portion of the signal. A thorough algebraic derivation of the method is presented, as well as a comparison to using global polynomial approximation. It is proven that B-Splines work better for modelling a more complicated aperiodic portion when compared to higher order polynomials. Furthermore, the piecewise polynomial model is capable of modelling the local signal variations produced by the interaction of a control system with a process in industrial applications. The method of variable projection reduces the problem to a one-dimensional nonlinear optimization, combined with a linear least-squares computation. An added benefit of using the method of variable projection is the possibility to calculate the covariances of the linear coefficients of the model, enabling the calculation of confidence and prediction intervals. The method is tested on both real measurement data acquired in industrial processes, as well as synthetic data. The method shows promising results for the precise characterization of periodic signals embedded in highly complex aperiodic backgrounds. Finally, snippets of the m-code are provided, together with a toolbox for B-Splines, which permit the implementation of the complete computation.      
### 7.Binaural rendering from microphone array signals of arbitrary geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07274.pdf)
>  A method of binaural rendering from microphone array signals of arbitrary geometry is proposed. To reproduce binaural signals from microphone array recordings at a remote location, a spherical microphone array is generally used for capturing a soundfield. However, owing to the lack of flexibility in the microphone arrangement, the single spherical array is sometimes impractical for estimating a large region of a soundfield. We propose a method based on harmonic analysis of infinite order, which allows the use of arbitrarily placed microphones. In the synthesis of the estimated soundfield, a spherical-wave-decomposition-based binaural rendering is also formulated to take into consideration the distance in measuring head-related transfer functions. We develop and evaluate a composite microphone array consisting of multiple small arrays. Experimental results including those of listening tests indicate that our proposed method is robust against change in listening position in the recording area.      
### 8.Channel Estimation Based on Machine Learning Paradigm for Spatial Modulation OFDM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07208.pdf)
>  In this paper, deep neural network (DNN) is integrated with spatial modulation-orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (SM-OFDM) technique for end-to-end data detection over Rayleigh fading channel. This proposed system directly demodulates the received symbols, leaving the channel estimation done only implicitly. Furthermore, an ensemble network is also proposed for this system. Simulation results show that the proposed DNN detection scheme has a significant advantage over classical methods when the pilot overhead and cyclic prefix (CP) are reduced, owing to its ability to learn and adjust to complicated channel conditions. Finally, the ensemble network is shown to improve the generalization of the proposed scheme, while also showing a slight improvement in its performance.      
### 9.Realization of Neural Network-based Optical Channel Equalizer in Restricted Hardware  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07204.pdf)
>  We quantify the achievable reduction of the processing complexity of artificial neural network-based equalizers in a coherent optical channel using the pruning and quantization techniques. First, we explain how to correctly compute the complexity of the compressed equalizer in the DSP sense. Then, considering a basic neural network architecture, a multiplayer perceptron, we, for the first time, assess the complexity reduction attainable noticeable performance degradation, considering 30GBd 1000km transmission over a standard single-mode fiber. We demonstrate a possibility of reducing the equalizer's memory by up to 95.7%, and the complexity up to 91.5%, without noticeable performance degradation. Finally, the compressed equalizer's functioning is demonstrated experimentally using popular resource-constrained hardware: the Raspberry Pi, which would not have been possible without model compression.      
### 10.Balancing detectability and performance of attacks on the control channel of Markov Decision Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07171.pdf)
>  We investigate the problem of designing optimal stealthy poisoning attacks on the control channel of Markov decision processes (MDPs). This research is motivated by the recent interest of the research community for adversarial and poisoning attacks applied to MDPs, and reinforcement learning (RL) methods. The policies resulting from these methods have been shown to be vulnerable to attacks perturbing the observations of the decision-maker. In such an attack, drawing inspiration from adversarial examples used in supervised learning, the amplitude of the adversarial perturbation is limited according to some norm, with the hope that this constraint will make the attack imperceptible. However, such constraints do not grant any level of undetectability and do not take into account the dynamic nature of the underlying Markov process. In this paper, we propose a new attack formulation, based on information-theoretical quantities, that considers the objective of minimizing the detectability of the attack as well as the performance of the controlled process. We analyze the trade-off between the efficiency of the attack and its detectability. We conclude with examples and numerical simulations illustrating this trade-off.      
### 11.Which One is Better: Assessing Objective Metrics for Point Cloud Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07158.pdf)
>  Point cloud compression (PCC) has made remarkable achievement in recent years. In the mean time, point cloud quality assessment (PCQA) also realize gratifying development. Some recently emerged metrics present robust performance on public point cloud assessment databases. However, these metrics have not been evaluated specifically for PCC to verify whether they exhibit consistent performance with the subjective perception. In this paper, we establish a new dataset for compression evaluation first, which contains 175 compressed point clouds in total, deriving from 7 compression algorithms with 5 compression levels. Then leveraging the proposed dataset, we evaluate the performance of the existing PCQA metrics in terms of different compression types. The results demonstrate some deficiencies of existing metrics in compression evaluation.      
### 12.Image Deraining Convolutional Neural Network ForAutonomous Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07110.pdf)
>  Perception plays an important role in reliable decision-making for autonomous vehicles. Over the last ten years, huge advances have been made in the field of perception. However, perception in extreme weather conditions is still a difficult problem, especially in rainy weather conditions. In order to improve the detection effect of road targets in rainy environments, we analyze the physical characteristics of the rain layer and propose a deraining convolutional neural network structure. Based on this network structure, we design an ablation experiment and experiment results show that our method can effectively improve the accuracy of object detection in rainy conditions.      
### 13.Uncertainty Quantification in Medical Image Segmentation with Multi-decoder U-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07045.pdf)
>  Accurate medical image segmentation is crucial for diagnosis and analysis. However, the models without calibrated uncertainty estimates might lead to errors in downstream analysis and exhibit low levels of robustness. Estimating the uncertainty in the measurement is vital to making definite, informed conclusions. Especially, it is difficult to make accurate predictions on ambiguous areas and focus boundaries for both models and radiologists, even harder to reach a consensus with multiple annotations. In this work, the uncertainty under these areas is studied, which introduces significant information with anatomical structure and is as important as segmentation performance. We exploit the medical image segmentation uncertainty quantification by measuring segmentation performance with multiple annotations in a supervised learning manner and propose a U-Net based architecture with multiple decoders, where the image representation is encoded with the same encoder, and segmentation referring to each annotation is estimated with multiple decoders. Nevertheless, a cross-loss function is proposed for bridging the gap between different branches. The proposed architecture is trained in an end-to-end manner and able to improve predictive uncertainty estimates. The model achieves comparable performance with fewer parameters to the integrated training model that ranked the runner-up in the MICCAI-QUBIQ 2020 challenge.      
### 14.Seeking an Optimal Approach for Computer-Aided Pulmonary Embolism Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07029.pdf)
>  Pulmonary embolism (PE) represents a thrombus ("blood clot"), usually originating from a lower extremity vein, that travels to the blood vessels in the lung, causing vascular obstruction and in some patients, death. This disorder is commonly diagnosed using CT pulmonary angiography (CTPA). Deep learning holds great promise for the computer-aided CTPA diagnosis (CAD) of PE. However, numerous competing methods for a given task in the deep learning literature exist, causing great confusion regarding the development of a CAD PE system. To address this confusion, we present a comprehensive analysis of competing deep learning methods applicable to PE diagnosis using CTPA at the both image and exam levels. At the image level, we compare convolutional neural networks (CNNs) with vision transformers, and contrast self-supervised learning (SSL) with supervised learning, followed by an evaluation of transfer learning compared with training from scratch. At the exam level, we focus on comparing conventional classification (CC) with multiple instance learning (MIL). Our extensive experiments consistently show: (1) transfer learning consistently boosts performance despite differences between natural images and CT scans, (2) transfer learning with SSL surpasses its supervised counterparts; (3) CNNs outperform vision transformers, which otherwise show satisfactory performance; and (4) CC is, surprisingly, superior to MIL. Compared with the state of the art, our optimal approach provides an AUC gain of 0.2\% and 1.05\% for image-level and exam-level, respectively.      
### 15.$\mathcal{L}_1$ Adaptive Augmentation for Geometric Tracking Control of Quadrotors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06998.pdf)
>  This paper introduces an $\mathcal{L}_1$ adaptive control augmentation for geometric tracking control of quadrotors. In the proposed design, the $\mathcal{L}_1$ augmentation handles nonlinear (time- and state-dependent) uncertainties in the quadrotor dynamics without assuming/enforcing parametric structures, while the baseline geometric controller achieves stabilization of the known nonlinear model of the system dynamics. The $\mathcal{L}_1$ augmentation applies to both the rotational and the translational dynamics. Experimental results demonstrate that the augmented geometric controller shows consistent and (on average five times) smaller trajectory tracking errors compared with the geometric controller alone when tested for different trajectories and under various types of uncertainties/disturbances.      
### 16.Generalized Multivariable Grid-Forming Control Design for Power Converters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06982.pdf)
>  The grid-forming converter is an important unit in the future power system with more inverter-interfaced generators. However, improving its performance is still a key challenge. This paper proposes a generalized architecture of the grid-forming converter from the view of multivariable feedback control. As a result, many of the existing popular control strategies, i.e., droop control, power synchronization control, virtual synchronous generator control, matching control, dispatchable virtual oscillator control, and their improved forms are unified into a multivariable feedback control transfer matrix working on several linear and nonlinear error signals. Meanwhile, unlike the traditional assumptions of decoupling between AC and DC control, active power and reactive power control, the proposed configuration simultaneously takes all of them into consideration, which therefore can provide better performance. As an example, a new multi-input-multi-output-based grid-forming (MIMO-GFM) control is proposed based on the generalized configuration. To cope with the multivariable feedback, an optimal and structured $H_{\infty}$ synthesis is used to design the control parameters. At last, simulation and experimental results show superior performance and robustness of the proposed configuration and control.      
### 17.Event-Triggered Distributed Stabilization of Interconnected Multiagent Systems with Abnormal Agent and Control Layers: Theoretical Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06978.pdf)
>  A graph theoretic framework recently has been proposed to stabilize interconnected multiagent systems in a distributed fashion, while systematically capturing the architectural aspect of cyber-physical systems with separate agent or physical layer and control or cyber layer. Based on that development, in addition to the modeling uncertainties over the agent layer, we consider a scenario where the control layer is subject to the denial of service attacks. We propose a step-by-step procedure to design a control layer that, in the presence of the aforementioned abnormalities, guarantees a level of robustness and resiliency for the final two-layer interconnected multiagent system. The incorporation of an event-triggered strategy further ensures an effective use of the limited energy and communication resources over the control layer. We theoretically prove the resilient, robust, and Zeno-free convergence of all state trajectories to the origin and, via a simulation study, discuss the feasibility of the proposed ideas.      
### 18.Combining GEDI and Sentinel-2 for wall-to-wall mapping of tall and short crops  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06972.pdf)
>  High resolution crop type maps are an important tool for improving food security, and remote sensing is increasingly used to create such maps in regions that possess ground truth labels for model training. However, these labels are absent in many regions, and models trained in other regions on typical satellite features, such as those from optical sensors, often exhibit low performance when transferred. Here we explore the use of NASA's Global Ecosystem Dynamics Investigation (GEDI) spaceborne lidar instrument, combined with Sentinel-2 optical data, for crop type mapping. Using data from three major cropped regions (in China, France, and the United States) we first demonstrate that GEDI energy profiles are capable of reliably distinguishing maize, a crop typically above 2m in height, from crops like rice and soybean that are shorter. We further show that these GEDI profiles provide much more invariant features across geographies compared to spectral and phenological features detected by passive optical sensors. GEDI is able to distinguish maize from other crops within each region with accuracies higher than 84%, and able to transfer across regions with accuracies higher than 82% compared to 64% for transfer of optical features. Finally, we show that GEDI profiles can be used to generate training labels for models based on optical imagery from Sentinel-2, thereby enabling the creation of 10m wall-to-wall maps of tall versus short crops in label-scarce regions. As maize is the second most widely grown crop in the world and often the only tall crop grown within a landscape, we conclude that GEDI offers great promise for improving global crop type maps.      
### 19.fairseq S^2: A Scalable and Integrable Speech Synthesis Toolkit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06912.pdf)
>  This paper presents fairseq S^2, a fairseq extension for speech synthesis. We implement a number of autoregressive (AR) and non-AR text-to-speech models, and their multi-speaker variants. To enable training speech synthesis models with less curated data, a number of preprocessing tools are built and their importance is shown empirically. To facilitate faster iteration of development and analysis, a suite of automatic metrics is included. Apart from the features added specifically for this extension, fairseq S^2 also benefits from the scalability offered by fairseq and can be easily integrated with other state-of-the-art systems provided in this framework. The code, documentation, and pre-trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/tree/master/examples/speech_synthesis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Hardware-aware Real-time Myocardial Segmentation Quality Control in Contrast Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06909.pdf)
>  Automatic myocardial segmentation of contrast echocardiography has shown great potential in the quantification of myocardial perfusion parameters. Segmentation quality control is an important step to ensure the accuracy of segmentation results for quality research as well as its clinical application. Usually, the segmentation quality control happens after the data acquisition. At the data acquisition time, the operator could not know the quality of the segmentation results. On-the-fly segmentation quality control could help the operator to adjust the ultrasound probe or retake data if the quality is unsatisfied, which can greatly reduce the effort of time-consuming manual correction. However, it is infeasible to deploy state-of-the-art DNN-based models because the segmentation module and quality control module must fit in the limited hardware resource on the ultrasound machine while satisfying strict latency constraints. In this paper, we propose a hardware-aware neural architecture search framework for automatic myocardial segmentation and quality control of contrast echocardiography. We explicitly incorporate the hardware latency as a regularization term into the loss function during training. The proposed method searches the best neural network architecture for the segmentation module and quality prediction module with strict latency.      
### 21.Neural network optimal feedback control with enhanced closed loop stability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07466.pdf)
>  Recent research has shown that supervised learning can be an effective tool for designing optimal feedback controllers for high-dimensional nonlinear dynamic systems. But the behavior of these neural network (NN) controllers is still not well understood. In this paper we use numerical simulations to demonstrate that typical test accuracy metrics do not effectively capture the ability of an NN controller to stabilize a system. In particular, some NNs with high test accuracy can fail to stabilize the dynamics. To address this we propose two NN architectures which locally approximate a linear quadratic regulator (LQR). Numerical simulations confirm our intuition that the proposed architectures reliably produce stabilizing feedback controllers without sacrificing performance. In addition, we introduce a preliminary theoretical result describing some stability properties of such NN-controlled systems.      
### 22.Timely Updating with Intermittent Energy and Data for Multiple Sources over Erasure Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07459.pdf)
>  A status updating system is considered in which multiple data sources generate packets to be delivered to a destination through a shared energy harvesting sensor. Only one source's data, when available, can be transmitted by the sensor at a time, subject to energy availability. Transmissions are prune to erasures, and each successful transmission constitutes a status update for its corresponding source at the destination. The goal is to schedule source transmissions such that the collective long-term average age-of-information (AoI) is minimized. AoI is defined as the time elapsed since the latest successfully-received data has been generated at its source. To solve this problem, the case with a single source is first considered, with a focus on threshold waiting policies, in which the sensor attempts transmission only if the time until both energy and data are available grows above a certain threshold. The distribution of the AoI is fully characterized under such a policy. This is then used to analyze the performance of the multiple sources case under maximum-age-first scheduling, in which the sensor's resources are dedicated to the source with the maximum AoI at any given time. The achievable collective long-term average AoI is derived in closed-form. Multiple numerical evaluations are demonstrated to show how the optimal threshold value behaves as a function of the system parameters, and showcase the benefits of a threshold-based waiting policy with intermittent energy and data arrivals.      
### 23.A Wide-area, Low-latency, and Power-efficient 6-DoF Pose Tracking System for Rigid Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07428.pdf)
>  Position sensitive detectors (PSDs) offer possibility to track single active marker's two (or three) degrees of freedom (DoF) position with a high accuracy, while having a fast response time with high update frequency and low latency, all using a very simple signal processing circuit. However they are not particularly suitable for 6-DoF object pose tracking system due to lack of orientation measurement, limited tracking range, and sensitivity to environmental variation. We propose a novel 6-DoF pose tracking system for a rigid object tracking requiring a single active marker. The proposed system uses a stereo-based PSD pair and multiple Inertial Measurement Units (IMUs). This is done based on a practical approach to identify and control the power of Infrared-Light Emitting Diode (IR-LED) active markers, with an aim to increase the tracking work space and reduce the power consumption. Our proposed tracking system is validated with three different work space sizes and for static and dynamic positional accuracy using robotic arm manipulator with three different dynamic motion patterns. The results show that the static position root-mean-square (RMS) error is 0.6mm. The dynamic position RMS error is 0.7-0.9mm. The orientation RMS error is between 0.04 and 0.9 degree at varied dynamic motion. Overall, our proposed tracking system is capable of tracking a rigid object pose with sub-millimeter accuracy at the mid range of the work space and sub-degree accuracy for all work space under a lab setting.      
### 24.Injected power fluctuations for a non-equilibrium electronic disspative system in space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07413.pdf)
>  In this article we present an experimental study of the statistical properties for the injected power fluctuations of a dissipative system as a function of external environmental conditions. A Brownian motion analog is implemented using a series resistor and capacitor circuit with an Orstein-Ulhenbeck forcing. This system is tested in a controlled thermal bath at the laboratory, setting the bath temperature and different bath atmospheric pressures. The non-equilibrium system shows a higher correlation factor between the external forcing and the system response with increasing bath atmospheric pressure at constant temperature. These results were put to test in an uncontrolled bath such as space, by using a satellite orbiting at 505 km of altitude. A reduced version of the previous experiment was built to fit the satellite capabilities and was successfully integrated in the inner side of the satellite and then run in several locations of its orbit.      
### 25.UniST: Unified End-to-end Model for Streaming and Non-streaming Speech Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07368.pdf)
>  This paper presents a unified end-to-end frame-work for both streaming and non-streamingspeech translation. While the training recipes for non-streaming speech translation have been mature, the recipes for streaming speechtranslation are yet to be built. In this work, wefocus on developing a unified model (UniST) which supports streaming and non-streaming ST from the perspective of fundamental components, including training objective, attention mechanism and decoding policy. Experiments on the most popular speech-to-text translation benchmark dataset, MuST-C, show that UniST achieves significant improvement for non-streaming ST, and a better-learned trade-off for BLEU score and latency metrics for streaming ST, compared with end-to-end baselines and the cascaded models. We will make our codes and evaluation tools publicly available.      
### 26.Sequential Point Cloud Prediction in Interactive Scenarios: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07342.pdf)
>  Point cloud has been widely used in the field of autonomous driving since it can provide a more comprehensive three-dimensional representation of the environment than 2D images. Point-wise prediction based on point cloud sequence (PCS) is an essential part of environment understanding, which can assist in the decision-making and motion-planning of autonomous vehicles. However, PCS prediction has not been deeply researched in the literature. This paper proposes a brief review of the sequential point cloud prediction methods, focusing on interactive scenarios. Firstly, we define the PCS prediction problem and introduce commonly-used frameworks. Secondly, by reviewing non-predictive problems, we analyze and summarize the spatio-temporal feature extraction methods based on PCS. On this basis, we review two types of PCS prediction tasks, scene flow estimation (SFE) and point cloud location prediction (PCLP), highlighting their connections and differences. Finally, we discuss some opening issues and point out some potential research directions.      
### 27.A Self-rescue Mechanism for an In-pipe Robot for Large Obstacle Negotiation in Water Distribution Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07308.pdf)
>  Water distribution systems (WDS) carry potable water with millions of miles of pipelines and deliver purified water to residential areas. The incidents in the WDS cause leak and water loss, which imposes pressure gradient and public health crisis. Hence, utility managers need to assess the condition of pipelines periodically and localize the leak location (in case it is reported). In our previous works, we designed and developed a size-adaptable modular in-pipe robot [1] and controlled its motion in in-service WDS. However, due to the linearization of the dynamical equations of the robot, the stabilizer controller which is a linear quadratic regulator (LQR) cannot stabilize the large deviations of the stabilizing states due to the presence of obstacles that fails the robot during operation. To this aim, we design a self-rescue mechanism for the robot in which three auxiliary gear-motors retract and extend the arm modules with the designed controller towards a reliable motion in the negotiation of large obstacles and non-straight configurations. Simulation results show that the proposed mechanism along with the motion controller enables the robot to have an improved motion in pipelines.      
### 28.Recursive Hierarchical Projection for Whole-Body Control with Task Priority Transition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07236.pdf)
>  Redundant robots are desired to execute multitasks with different priorities simultaneously. The task priorities are necessary to be transitioned for complex task scheduling of whole-body control (WBC). Many methods focused on guaranteeing the control continuity during task priority transition, however either increased the computation consumption or sacrificed the accuracy of tasks inevitably. This work formulates the WBC problem with task priority transition as an Hierarchical Quadratic Programming (HQP) with Recursive Hierarchical Projection (RHP) matrices. The tasks of each level are solved recursively through HQP. We propose the RHP matrix to form the continuously changing projection of each level so that the task priority transition is achieved without increasing computation consumption. Additionally, the recursive approach solves the WBC problem without losing the accuracy of tasks. We verify the effectiveness of this scheme by the comparative simulations of the reactive collision avoidance through multi-tasks priority transitions.      
### 29.Life-Long Multi-Task Learning of Adaptive Path Tracking Policy for Autonomous Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07210.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a life-long adaptive path tracking policy learning method for autonomous vehicles that can self-evolve and self-adapt with multi-task knowledge. Firstly, the proposed method can learn a model-free control policy for path tracking directly from the historical driving experience, where the property of vehicle dynamics and corresponding control strategy can be learned simultaneously. Secondly, by utilizing the life-long learning method, the proposed method can learn the policy with task-incremental knowledge without encountering catastrophic forgetting. Thus, with continual multi-task knowledge learned, the policy can iteratively adapt to new tasks and improve its performance with knowledge from new tasks. Thirdly, a memory evaluation and updating method is applied to optimize memory structure for life-long learning which enables the policy to learn toward selected directions. Experiments are conducted using a high-fidelity vehicle dynamic model in a complex curvy road to evaluate the performance of the proposed method. Results show that the proposed method can effectively evolve with continual multi-task knowledge and adapt to the new environment, where the performance of the proposed method can also surpass two commonly used baseline methods after evolving.      
### 30.Fusing Visuo-Tactile Perception into Kernelized Synergies for Robust Grasping and Fine Manipulation of Non-rigid Objects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07207.pdf)
>  Handling non-rigid objects using robot hands necessities a framework that does not only incorporate human-level dexterity and cognition but also the multi-sensory information and system dynamics for robust and fine interactions. In this research, our previously developed kernelized synergies framework, inspired from human behaviour on reusing same subspace for grasping and manipulation, is augmented with visuo-tactile perception for autonomous and flexible adaptation to unknown objects. To detect objects and estimate their poses, a simplified visual pipeline using RANSAC algorithm with Euclidean clustering and SVM classifier is exploited. To modulate interaction efforts while grasping and manipulating non-rigid objects, the tactile feedback using T40S shokac chip sensor, generating 3D force information, is incorporated. Moreover, different kernel functions are examined in the kernelized synergies framework, to evaluate its performance and potential against task reproducibility, execution, generalization and synergistic re-usability. Experiments performed with robot arm-hand system validates the capability and usability of upgraded framework on stably grasping and dexterously manipulating the non-rigid objects.      
### 31.Whole-Body Control with Motion/Force Transmissibility for Parallel-Legged Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07196.pdf)
>  Whole-body control (WBC) has been applied to the locomotion of legged robots. However, current WBC methods have not considered the intrinsic features of parallel mechanisms, especially motion/force transmissibility (MFT). In this work, we propose an MFT-enhanced WBC scheme. Introducing MFT into a WBC is challenging due to the nonlinear relationship between MFT indices and the robot configuration. To overcome this challenge, we establish the MFT preferable space of the robot and formulate it as a polyhedron in the joint space at the acceleration level. Then, the WBC employs the polyhedron as a soft constraint. As a result, the robot possesses high-speed and high-acceleration capabilities by satisfying this constraint as well as staying away from its singularity. In contrast with the WBC without considering MFT, our proposed scheme is more robust to external disturbances, e.g., push recovery and uneven terrain locomotion. simulations and experiments on a parallel-legged bipedal robot are provided to demonstrate the performance and robustness of the proposed method.      
### 32.Exceeding the limits of algorithmic self-calibration in super-resolution imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07188.pdf)
>  Fourier ptychographic microscopy is a computational imaging technique that provides quantitative phase information and high resolution over a large field-of-view. Although the technique presents numerous advantages over conventional microscopy, model mismatch due to unknown optical aberrations can significantly limit reconstruction quality. Many attempts to address this issue rely on embedding pupil recovery into the reconstruction algorithm. In this paper we demonstrate the limitations of a purely algorithmic approach and evaluate the merits of implementing a simple, dedicated calibration procedure. In simulations, we find that for a target sample reconstruction error, we can image without any aberration corrections up to a maximum aberration magnitude of $\lambda$/40. When we use algorithmic self-calibration, we can increase the aberration magnitude up to $\lambda$/10, and with our in situ speckle calibration technique, this working range is extended further to a maximum aberration magnitude of $\lambda$/3. Hence, one can trade-off complexity for accuracy by using a separate calibration process, which is particularly useful for larger aberrations.      
### 33.Resolution-robust Large Mask Inpainting with Fourier Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07161.pdf)
>  Modern image inpainting systems, despite the significant progress, often struggle with large missing areas, complex geometric structures, and high-resolution images. We find that one of the main reasons for that is the lack of an effective receptive field in both the inpainting network and the loss function. To alleviate this issue, we propose a new method called large mask inpainting (LaMa). LaMa is based on i) a new inpainting network architecture that uses fast Fourier convolutions, which have the image-wide receptive field; ii) a high receptive field perceptual loss; and iii) large training masks, which unlocks the potential of the first two components. Our inpainting network improves the state-of-the-art across a range of datasets and achieves excellent performance even in challenging scenarios, e.g. completion of periodic structures. Our model generalizes surprisingly well to resolutions that are higher than those seen at train time, and achieves this at lower parameter&amp;compute costs than the competitive baselines. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saic-mdal/lama" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Enhancing Data-Driven Reachability Analysis using Temporal Logic Side Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07121.pdf)
>  This paper presents algorithms for performing data-driven reachability analysis under temporal logic side information. In certain scenarios, the data-driven reachable sets of a robot can be prohibitively conservative due to the inherent noise in the robot's historical measurement data. In the same scenarios, we often have side information about the robot's expected motion (e.g., limits on how much a robot can move in a one-time step) that could be useful for further specifying the reachability analysis. In this work, we show that if we can model this side information using a signal temporal logic (STL) fragment, we can constrain the data-driven reachability analysis and safely limit the conservatism of the computed reachable sets. Moreover, we provide formal guarantees that, even after incorporating side information, the computed reachable sets still properly over-approximate the robot's future states. Lastly, we empirically validate the practicality of the over-approximation by computing constrained, data-driven reachable sets for the Small-Vehicles-for-Autonomy (SVEA) hardware platform in two driving scenarios.      
### 35.Infusing model predictive control into meta-reinforcement learning for mobile robots in dynamic environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07120.pdf)
>  The successful operation of mobile robots requires them to rapidly adapt to environmental changes. Toward developing an adaptive decision-making tool for mobile robots, we propose combining meta-reinforcement learning (meta-RL) with model predictive control (MPC). The key idea of our method is to switch between a meta-learned policy and an MPC controller in an event-triggered fashion. Our method uses an off-policy meta-RL algorithm as a baseline to train a policy using transition samples generated by MPC. The MPC module of our algorithm is carefully designed to infer the movements of obstacles via Gaussian process regression (GPR) and to avoid collisions via conditional value-at-risk (CVaR) constraints. Due to its design, our method benefits from the two complementary tools. First, high-performance action samples generated by the MPC controller enhance the learning performance and stability of the meta-RL algorithm. Second, through the use of the meta-learned policy, the MPC controller is infrequently activated, thereby significantly reducing computation time. The results of our simulations on a restaurant service robot show that our algorithm outperforms both of the baseline methods.      
### 36.Learning Friction Model for Magnet-actuated Tethered Capsule Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07112.pdf)
>  The potential diagnostic applications of magnet-actuated capsules have been greatly increased in recent years. For most of these potential applications, accurate position control of the capsule have been highly demanding. However, the friction between the robot and the environment as well as the drag force from the tether play a significant role during the motion control of the capsule. Moreover, these forces especially the friction force are typically hard to model beforehand. In this paper, we first designed a magnet-actuated tethered capsule robot, where the driving magnet is mounted on the end of a robotic arm. Then, we proposed a learning-based approach to model the friction force between the capsule and the environment, with the goal of increasing the control accuracy of the whole system. Finally, several real robot experiments are demonstrated to showcase the effectiveness of our proposed approach.      
### 37.Image-Based Multi-UAV Tracking System in a Cluttered Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07079.pdf)
>  A tracking controller for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) is developed to track moving targets undergoing unknown translational and rotational motions. The main challenges are to control both the relative positions and angles between the target and the UAVs to within desired values, and to guarantee that the generated control inputs to the UAVs are feasible (i.e., within their motion capabilities). Moreover, the UAVs are controlled to ensure that the target always remains within the fields of view of their onboard cameras. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to apply multiple UAVs to cooperatively track a dynamic target while ensuring that the UAVs remain connected and that both occlusion and collisions are avoided. To achieve these control objectives, a designed controller solved based on the aforementioned tracking controller using quadratic programming can generate minimally invasive control actions to achieve occlusion avoidance and collision avoidance. Furthermore, control barrier functions (CBFs) with a distributed design are developed in order to reduce the amount of inter-UAV communication. Simulations were performed to assess the efficacy and performance of the developed CBF-based controller for the multi-UAV system in tracking a target.      
### 38.Guarding a Target Set from a Single Attacker in the Euclidean Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07075.pdf)
>  This paper addresses a two-player target defense game in the $n$-dimensional Euclidean space where an attacker attempts to enter a closed convex target set while a defender strives to capture the attacker beforehand. We provide a complete and universal differential game-based solution which not only encompasses recent work associated with similar problems whose target sets have simple, low-dimensional geometric shapes, but can also address problems that involve nontrivial geometric shapes of high-dimensional target sets. The value functions of the game are derived in a semi-analytical form that includes a convex optimization problem. When the latter problem has a closed-form solution, one of the value functions is used to analytically construct the barrier surface that divides the state space of the game into the winning sets of players. For the case where the barrier surface has no analytical expression but the target set has a smooth boundary, the bijective map between the target boundary and the projection of the barrier surface is obtained. By using Hamilton-Jacobi-Isaacs equation, we verify that the proposed optimal state feedback strategies always constitute the game's unique saddle point whether or not the optimization problem has a closed-form solution. We illustrate our solutions via numerical simulations.      
### 39.Guaranteed Safe Spacecraft Docking with Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07027.pdf)
>  This paper presents a strategy for control of a spacecraft docking with a non-maneuvering target in the presence of safety constraints and bounded disturbances. The presence of disturbances prevents convergence to a unique docking state, so in our formulation, docking is defined as occurring within a set constructed using prescribed tolerances. Safety is ensured via application of Robust Control Barrier Functions to render a designated safe set forward invariant for any allowable disturbance. However, this safety strategy necessarily presumes a worst-case disturbance, and thus restricts trajectories to a subset of the safe set when a worst-case disturbance is not present. The presented controller accounts for this restriction, and guarantees that the spacecraft both remains safe and achieves docking in finite time for any allowable disturbance. The controller is then validated in simulation for a spacecraft landing on an asteroid, and two spacecraft docking in low Earth orbit.      
### 40.Globally-Attractive Logarithmic Geometric Control of a Quadrotor for Aggressive Trajectory Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.07025.pdf)
>  We present a new quadrotor geometric control scheme that is capable of tracking highly aggressive trajectories. Unlike previous works, our geometric controller uses the logarithmic map of SO(3) to express rotational error in the Lie algebra, allowing us to treat the manifold in a more effective and natural manner, and can be shown to be globally attractive. We show the performance of our control scheme against highly aggressive trajectories in simulation experiments. Additionally, we present an adaptation of this controller that allows us to interface effectively with the angular rate controllers on an onboard flight control unit and show the ability of this adapted control scheme to track aggressive trajectories on a quadrotor hardware platform.      
### 41.Scalable Average Consensus with Compressed Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06996.pdf)
>  We propose a new decentralized average consensus algorithm with compressed communication that scales linearly with the network size n. We prove that the proposed method converges to the average of the initial values held locally by the agents of a network when agents are allowed to communicate with compressed messages. The proposed algorithm works for a broad class of compression operators (possibly biased), where agents interact over arbitrary static, undirected, and connected networks. We further present numerical experiments that confirm our theoretical results and illustrate the scalability and communication efficiency of our algorithm.      
### 42.ML-aided power allocation for Tactical MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06992.pdf)
>  We study the problem of optimal power allocation in single-hop multi-antenna ad-hoc wireless networks. A standard technique to solve this problem involves optimizing a tri-convex function under power constraints using a block-coordinate-descent (BCD) based iterative algorithm. This approach, termed WMMSE, tends to be computationally complex and time consuming. Several learning-based approaches have been proposed to speed up the power allocation process. A recent work, UWMMSE, learns an affine transformation of a WMMSE parameter in an unfolded structure to accelerate convergence. In spite of achieving promising results, its application is limited to single-antenna wireless networks. In this work, we present a UWMMSE framework for power allocation in (multiple-input multiple-output) MIMO interference networks. Through an empirical study, we illustrate the superiority of our approach in comparison to WMMSE and also analyze its robustness to changes in channel conditions and network size.      
### 43.Grounding-aware RRT* for Path Planning and Safe Navigation of Marine Crafts in Confined Waters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06967.pdf)
>  The paper presents a path planning algorithm based on RRT* that addresses the risk of grounding during evasive manoeuvres to avoid collision. The planner achieves this objective by integrating a collective navigation experience with the systematic use of water depth information from the electronic navigational chart. Multivariate kernel density estimation is applied to historical AIS data to generate a probabilistic model describing seafarer's best practices while sailing in confined waters. This knowledge is then encoded into the RRT* cost function to penalize path deviations that would lead own ship to sail in shallow waters. Depth contours satisfying the own ship draught define the actual navigable area, and triangulation of this non-convex region is adopted to enable uniform sampling. This ensures the optimal path deviation.      
### 44.Residual Adapters for Parameter-Efficient ASR Adaptation to Atypical and Accented Speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06952.pdf)
>  Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) systems are often optimized to work best for speakers with canonical speech patterns. Unfortunately, these systems perform poorly when tested on atypical speech and heavily accented speech. It has previously been shown that personalization through model fine-tuning substantially improves performance. However, maintaining such large models per speaker is costly and difficult to scale. We show that by adding a relatively small number of extra parameters to the encoder layers via so-called residual adapter, we can achieve similar adaptation gains compared to model fine-tuning, while only updating a tiny fraction (less than 0.5%) of the model parameters. We demonstrate this on two speech adaptation tasks (atypical and accented speech) and for two state-of-the-art ASR architectures.      
### 45.Research Project 2: Drone-supported AI-based Generation of 3D Maps of Indoor Radio Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06923.pdf)
>  A Radio Environment Map (REM) is a powerful tool in enhancing the experience of radio-enabled agents but building such a REM can be a laborious undertaking, especially in three dimensions. This project shows how such a REM of an indoor three-dimensional space can be generated in an autonomous and scalable way. Building on the results of the preceding Research Project 1, multiple drones are used to map the WiFi signals present in such a space in a real-world environment where the drones are each able to visit 36 waypoints and collectively gather thousands of WiFi beacon data samples. This report also includes an analysis of the collected data and concludes by proposing machine-learning based techniques to predict the signal strength of known access points in locations not visited by the drones.      
### 46.Agile, Antifragile, Artificial-Intelligence-Enabled, Command and Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.06874.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence (AI) is rapidly becoming integrated into military Command and Control (C2) systems as a strategic priority for many defence forces. The successful implementation of AI is promising to herald a significant leap in C2 agility through automation. However, realistic expectations need to be set on what AI can achieve in the foreseeable future. This paper will argue that AI could lead to a fragility trap, whereby the delegation of C2 functions to an AI could increase the fragility of C2, resulting in catastrophic strategic failures. This calls for a new framework for AI in C2 to avoid this trap. We will argue that antifragility along with agility should form the core design principles for AI-enabled C2 systems. This duality is termed Agile, Antifragile, AI-Enabled Command and Control (A3IC2). An A3IC2 system continuously improves its capacity to perform in the face of shocks and surprises through overcompensation from feedback during the C2 decision-making cycle. An A3IC2 system will not only be able to survive within a complex operational environment, it will also thrive, benefiting from the inevitable shocks and volatility of war.      
