# ArXiv eess --Wed, 6 Jul 2022
### 1.Simulations in a Digital Twin of an Electrical Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02171.pdf)
>  Digital twins have become popular for their ability to monitor and optimize a process or a machine during its lifetime using simulations and sensor data. In this paper, we focus on the challenge of the implementation of accurate and real time simulations for digital twins in the context of electrical machines. In general, this involves not only computational models for the electromagnetic aspects, but also mechanical and thermal effects need to be taken into account. We address mathematical tools that can be employed to carry out the required simulations based on physical laws as well as surrogate or data-driven models. One of those tools is a model hierarchy of very fine to very course models as well model reduction which is required for obtaining real-time simulations. We discuss in detail the coupling of electromagnetic, mechanical, and thermal models of an electrical machine to obtain a simulation model which is able to describe the interaction of those different physical components. In this context, a very promising setting is provided by energy-based formulations within the port-Hamiltonian framework, which has received much attention in the past years, especially in the context of multiphysics modeling. We present such port-Hamiltonian formulations for the considered electromagnetic, mechanical, and thermal models as well as for the coupled overall system.      
### 2.Centralized Networked Micro Water-Energy Nexus with Proportional Exchange Among Participants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02110.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a Networked Micro Water-Energy Nexus (NetMicroWEN) capable of co-optimizing and simultaneously supplying water and energy to local consumers in nearby communities. The system manages different water and energy inputs of different communities in a local network to cooperatively meet their demands. This paper considers a centralized network topology that connects all members of the network under one control system. This paper also proposes a Proportional Exchange Algorithm (PEA) that allows members to benefit equally from exchanging both resources among other members of the NetMicroWEN and the main water and power distribution systems. The co-optimization model is a mixed-integer linear program, involving all necessary power and water related constraints for the network to achieve a feasible and practical solution. The economic benefits of the NetMicroWEN are illustrated by a comparison with separate Micro Water- Energy Nexus (MWEN) systems meeting their own demands individually. The case studies demonstrate that the proposed NetMicroWEN achieves substantially lower operating costs compared to the operation of separate MWEN systems.      
### 3.Distributed Adaptive Backstepping Control for Vehicular Platoons with Mismatched Disturbances Under Vector String Stability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02101.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of platooning control with mismatched disturbances using the distributed adaptive backstepping method. The main challenge is due to the derivative explosion arising from the involvement of the adaptive laws. To accommodate this, we first propose a novel notion of string stability called \emph{Vector String Stability (VSS)} based on an associated \emph{Vector String Lyapunov Function (VSLF)}. Then, a small-gain type scalability condition is presented through the Input-to-State-Stability (ISS) condition of the comparison system. Moreover, the internal stability and string stability are formally proved under our designed controller and VSS notion. What makes the proposed VSS notion more interesting is that it has the potential to reduce the complexity of deriving backstepping based controller in a vector sense and make the designed distributed controller more compact. Finally, a simulation example is provided to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed control algorithm.      
### 4.Is a PET all you need? A multi-modal study for Alzheimer's disease using 3D CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02094.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is the most common form of dementia and often difficult to diagnose due to the multifactorial etiology of dementia. Recent works on neuroimaging-based computer-aided diagnosis with deep neural networks (DNNs) showed that fusing structural magnetic resonance images (sMRI) and fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (FDG-PET) leads to improved accuracy in a study population of healthy controls and subjects with AD. However, this result conflicts with the established clinical knowledge that FDG-PET better captures AD-specific pathologies than sMRI. Therefore, we propose a framework for the systematic evaluation of multi-modal DNNs and critically re-evaluate single- and multi-modal DNNs based on FDG-PET and sMRI for binary healthy vs. AD, and three-way healthy/mild cognitive impairment/AD classification. Our experiments demonstrate that a single-modality network using FDG-PET performs better than MRI (accuracy 0.91 vs 0.87) and does not show improvement when combined. This conforms with the established clinical knowledge on AD biomarkers, but raises questions about the true benefit of multi-modal DNNs. We argue that future work on multi-modal fusion should systematically assess the contribution of individual modalities following our proposed evaluation framework. Finally, we encourage the community to go beyond healthy vs. AD classification and focus on differential diagnosis of dementia, where fusing multi-modal image information conforms with a clinical need.      
### 5.Reward-modulated learning using spiking neural networks for vehicle lateral control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02084.pdf)
>  This paper presents a vehicle lateral controller based on spiking neural networks capable of replicating the behavior of a model-based controller but with the additional ability to perform online adaptation. By making use of neural plasticity and thanks to reward modulation learning, neural connections are modified to adjust the response according to the committed error. Therefore, the error performs a similar role to dopamine in a biological system, modulating the learning process based on spiking time dependency. The connections are initially set to replicate behavior of the model-based controller. Online adaptation allows tuning connection parameters to improve controller performance. A path controller with a preview is used as a baseline controller to evaluate the performance of the proposed approach. Key performance indicators are obtained from simulation with a step response and a handling track with 20 curves of different radii.      
### 6.A Densely Interconnected Network for Deep Learning Accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02073.pdf)
>  Objective: To improve accelerated MRI reconstruction through a densely connected cascading deep learning reconstruction framework. <br>Materials and Methods: A cascading deep learning reconstruction framework (baseline model) was modified by applying three architectural modifications: Input-level dense connections between cascade inputs and outputs, an improved deep learning sub-network, and long-range skip-connections between subsequent deep learning networks. An ablation study was performed, where five model configurations were trained on the NYU fastMRI neuro dataset with an end-to-end scheme conjunct on four- and eight-fold acceleration. The trained models were evaluated by comparing their respective structural similarity index measure (SSIM), normalized mean square error (NMSE) and peak signal to noise ratio (PSNR). <br>Results: The proposed densely interconnected residual cascading network (DIRCN), utilizing all three suggested modifications, achieved a SSIM improvement of 8% and 11% for four- and eight-fold acceleration, respectively. For eight-fold acceleration, the model achieved a 23% decrease in the NMSE when compared to the baseline model. In an ablation study, the individual architectural modifications all contributed to this improvement, by reducing the SSIM and NMSE with approximately 3% and 5% for four-fold acceleration, respectively. <br>Conclusion: The proposed architectural modifications allow for simple adjustments on an already existing cascading framework to further improve the resulting reconstructions.      
### 7.Transformer based Models for Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation in Brain MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02059.pdf)
>  The quality of patient care associated with diagnostic radiology is proportionate to a physician workload. Segmentation is a fundamental limiting precursor to diagnostic and therapeutic procedures. Advances in Machine Learning (ML) aim to increase diagnostic efficiency to replace single application with generalized algorithms. In Unsupervised Anomaly Detection (UAD), Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based Autoencoders (AEs) and Variational Autoencoders (VAEs) are considered as a de facto approach for reconstruction based anomaly segmentation. Looking for anomalous regions in medical images is one of the main applications that use anomaly segmentation. The restricted receptive field in CNNs limit the CNN to model the global context and hence if the anomalous regions cover parts of the image, the CNN-based AEs are not capable to bring semantic understanding of the image. On the other hand, Vision Transformers (ViTs) have emerged as a competitive alternative to CNNs. It relies on the self-attention mechanism that is capable to relate image patches to each other. To reconstruct a coherent and more realistic image, in this work, we investigate Transformer capabilities in building AEs for reconstruction based UAD task. We focus on anomaly segmentation for Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) and present five Transformer-based models while enabling segmentation performance comparable or superior to State-of-The-Art (SOTA) models. The source code is available on Github <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ahmedgh970/Transformers_Unsupervised_Anomaly_Segmentation.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 8.CNN-based Local Vision Transformer for COVID-19 Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02027.pdf)
>  Deep learning technology can be used as an assistive technology to help doctors quickly and accurately identify COVID-19 infections. Recently, Vision Transformer (ViT) has shown great potential towards image classification due to its global receptive field. However, due to the lack of inductive biases inherent to CNNs, the ViT-based structure leads to limited feature richness and difficulty in model training. In this paper, we propose a new structure called Transformer for COVID-19 (COVT) to improve the performance of ViT-based architectures on small COVID-19 datasets. It uses CNN as a feature extractor to effectively extract local structural information, and introduces average pooling to ViT's Multilayer Perception(MLP) module for global information. Experiments show the effectiveness of our method on the two COVID-19 datasets and the ImageNet dataset.      
### 9.Effects of seat back height and posture on 3D vibration transmission to pelvis, trunk and head  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01989.pdf)
>  Vibration transmission is essential in the design of comfortable vehicle seats but knowledge is lacking on 3D trunk and head motion and the role of seat back and posture. We hypothesized that head motion is reduced when participants upper back is unsupported, as this stimulates active postural control. We developed an experimental methodology to evaluate 3D vibration transmission from compliant seats to the human body. Wide-band (0.1-12 Hz) motion stimuli were applied in fore-aft, lateral and vertical direction to evaluate the translational and rotational body response in pelvis, trunk and head. A standard car seat was equipped with a configurable and compliant back support to test 3 support heights and 3 sitting postures (erect, slouched, and preferred) where we also tested head down looking at a smartphone. Seat back support height and sitting posture substantially affected vibration transmission and affected low-frequency responses in particular for body segment rotation. According to our hypothesis a low support height proved beneficial in reducing head motion. Relevance to industry: Our methodology effectively evaluates 3D wide-band vibration transmission from compliant seats to the human body. The lowest back support height reduced head motion but was perceived as least comfortable. This calls for seat designs which support but do not so much constrain the upper back. The head down posture enlarged head motion, pleading for computer system integration allowing heads up postures in future automated cars. The biomechanical data will serve to validate human models supporting the design of comfortable (automated) vehicles.      
### 10.Detecting Abrupt Changes in Channel Covariance Matrix for MIMO Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01984.pdf)
>  The acquisition of the channel covariance matrix is of paramount importance to many strategies in multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) communications, such as the minimum mean-square error (MMSE) channel estimation. Therefore, plenty of efficient channel covariance matrix estimation schemes have been proposed in the literature. However, an abrupt change in the channel covariance matrix may happen occasionally in practice due to the change in the scattering environment and the user location. Our paper aims to adopt the classic change detection theory to detect the change in the channel covariance matrix as accurately and quickly as possible such that the new covariance matrix can be re-estimated in time. Specifically, this paper first considers the technique of on-line change detection (also known as quickest/sequential change detection), where we need to detect whether a change in the channel covariance matrix occurs at each channel coherence time interval. Next, because the complexity of detecting the change in a high-dimension covariance matrix at each coherence time interval is too high, we devise a low-complexity off-line strategy in massive MIMO systems, where change detection is merely performed at the last channel coherence time interval of a given time period. Numerical results show that our proposed on-line and off-line schemes can detect the channel covariance change with a small delay and a low false alarm rate. Therefore, our paper theoretically and numerically verifies the feasibility of detecting the channel covariance change accurately and quickly in practice.      
### 11.Relating the fundamental frequency of speech with EEG using a dilated convolutional network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01963.pdf)
>  To investigate how speech is processed in the brain, we can model the relation between features of a natural speech signal and the corresponding recorded electroencephalogram (EEG). Usually, linear models are used in regression tasks. Either EEG is predicted, or speech is reconstructed, and the correlation between predicted and actual signal is used to measure the brain's decoding ability. However, given the nonlinear nature of the brain, the modeling ability of linear models is limited. Recent studies introduced nonlinear models to relate the speech envelope to EEG. We set out to include other features of speech that are not coded in the envelope, notably the fundamental frequency of the voice (f0). F0 is a higher-frequency feature primarily coded at the brainstem to midbrain level. We present a dilated-convolutional model to provide evidence of neural tracking of the f0. We show that a combination of f0 and the speech envelope improves the performance of a state-of-the-art envelope-based model. This suggests the dilated-convolutional model can extract non-redundant information from both f0 and the envelope. We also show the ability of the dilated-convolutional model to generalize to subjects not included during training. This latter finding will accelerate f0-based hearing diagnosis.      
### 12.Vector Quantisation for Robust Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01919.pdf)
>  The reliability of segmentation models in the medical domain depends on the model's robustness to perturbations in the input space. Robustness is a particular challenge in medical imaging exhibiting various sources of image noise, corruptions, and domain shifts. Obtaining robustness is often attempted via simulating heterogeneous environments, either heuristically in the form of data augmentation or by learning to generate specific perturbations in an adversarial manner. We propose and justify that learning a discrete representation in a low dimensional embedding space improves robustness of a segmentation model. This is achieved with a dictionary learning method called vector quantisation. We use a set of experiments designed to analyse robustness in both the latent and output space under domain shift and noise perturbations in the input space. We adapt the popular UNet architecture, inserting a quantisation block in the bottleneck. We demonstrate improved segmentation accuracy and better robustness on three segmentation tasks. Code is available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AinkaranSanthi/Vector-Quantisation-for-Robust-Segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}      
### 13.Pushing the Limit of Phase Shift Feedback Compression for Intelligent Reflecting Surface-Assisted Wireless Systems by Exploiting Global Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01908.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) has recently appeared as a potential technology for 6G, and received much attention from academia and industry. However, most of existing works on IRS focus on how to compute the phase shift for performance enhancement, and the problem on how to obtain the computed phase shift at the IRS side is generally neglected. In this paper, we consider compressing the computed phase shift at the receiver side to the IRS through a bandwidth-limited feedback channel. In particular, we propose and investigate a novel attention mechanism named as global attention by exploiting the attention map over both spatial and channel dimensions. This allows us to to push the limit of phase shift feedback compression by utilizing the two-dimensional information, which is in sharp contrast to exiting works that only consider either the spatial or channel dimension. Besides, to cope with the problem of mismatched distribution of the phase shift, we introduce the generalized divisive normalization (GDN) layer and inverse generalized divisive normalization (IGDN) layer to the proposed global attention phase shift compression network (GAPSCN). Furthermore, due to practical constraints on the IRS, it is desirable to consider a simplified GAPSCN (S-GAPSCN), where a lightweight multi-scale simplified global attention module (MSSGAM) is proposed in the decoder located at the IRS side to compensate for the performance degradation due to the simplified structure. Simulation results show that the proposed GAPSCN is able to achieve a reconstruction accuracy close to 1 and performs much better than existing algorithms. The performance of the proposed S-GAPSCN can approach that of the GAPSCN but with a much lower computational load.      
### 14.ACT-Net: Asymmetric Co-Teacher Network for Semi-supervised Memory-efficient Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01900.pdf)
>  While deep models have shown promising performance in medical image segmentation, they heavily rely on a large amount of well-annotated data, which is difficult to access, especially in clinical practice. On the other hand, high-accuracy deep models usually come in large model sizes, limiting their employment in real scenarios. In this work, we propose a novel asymmetric co-teacher framework, ACT-Net, to alleviate the burden on both expensive annotations and computational costs for semi-supervised knowledge distillation. We advance teacher-student learning with a co-teacher network to facilitate asymmetric knowledge distillation from large models to small ones by alternating student and teacher roles, obtaining tiny but accurate models for clinical employment. To verify the effectiveness of our ACT-Net, we employ the ACDC dataset for cardiac substructure segmentation in our experiments. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that ACT-Net outperforms other knowledge distillation methods and achieves lossless segmentation performance with 250x fewer parameters.      
### 15.MMGL: Multi-Scale Multi-View Global-Local Contrastive learning for Semi-supervised Cardiac Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01883.pdf)
>  With large-scale well-labeled datasets, deep learning has shown significant success in medical image segmentation. However, it is challenging to acquire abundant annotations in clinical practice due to extensive expertise requirements and costly labeling efforts. Recently, contrastive learning has shown a strong capacity for visual representation learning on unlabeled data, achieving impressive performance rivaling supervised learning in many domains. In this work, we propose a novel multi-scale multi-view global-local contrastive learning (MMGL) framework to thoroughly explore global and local features from different scales and views for robust contrastive learning performance, thereby improving segmentation performance with limited annotations. Extensive experiments on the MM-WHS dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of MMGL framework on semi-supervised cardiac image segmentation, outperforming the state-of-the-art contrastive learning methods by a large margin.      
### 16.The End-to-End Molecular Communication Model of Extracellular Vesicle-based Drug Delivery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01875.pdf)
>  A closer look at nature has recently brought more interest in exploring and utilizing intra-body communication networks composed of cells as intrinsic, perfectly biocompatible infrastructures to deliver therapeutics. Naturally occurring cell-to-cell communication systems are being manipulated to release, navigate, and take up soluble cell-derived messengers that are either therapeutic by nature or carry therapeutic molecular cargo in their structures. One example of such structures is extracellular vesicles (EVs) which have been recently proven to have favorable pharmacokinetic properties, opening new avenues for developing the next generation biotherapeutics. In this paper, we study theoretical aspects of the EV transfer within heart tissue as a case study by utilizing an information and communication technology-like approach in analyzing molecular communication systems. Our modeling implies the abstraction of the EV releasing cells as transmitters, the extracellular matrix as the channel, and the EV receiving cells as receivers. Our results, derived from the developed analytical models, indicate that the release can be modulated using external forces such as electrical signals, and the transfer and reception can be affected by the extracellular matrix and plasma membrane properties, respectively. The results can predict the EV biodistributions and contribute to avoiding unplanned administration, often resulting in side- and adverse effects.      
### 17.Event-based sampled ECG morphology reconstruction through self-similarity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01856.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Event-based analog-to-digital converters allow for sparse bio-signal acquisition, enabling local sub-Nyquist sampling frequency. However, aggressive event selection can cause the loss of important bio-markers, not recoverable with standard interpolation techniques. In this work, we leverage the self-similarity of the electrocardiogram (ECG) signal to recover missing features in event-based sampled ECG signals, dynamically selecting patient-representative templates together with a novel dynamic time warping algorithm to infer the morphology of event-based sampled heartbeats. <br>Methods: We acquire a set of uniformly sampled heartbeats and use a graph-based clustering algorithm to define representative templates for the patient. Then, for each event-based sampled heartbeat, we select the morphologically nearest template, and we then reconstruct the heartbeat with piece-wise linear deformations of the selected template, according to a novel dynamic time warping algorithm that matches events to template segments. <br>Results: Synthetic tests on a standard normal sinus rhythm dataset, composed of approximately 1.8 million normal heartbeats, show a big leap in performance with respect to standard resampling techniques. In particular (when compared to classic linear resampling), we show an improvement in P-wave detection of up to 10 times, an improvement in T-wave detection of up to three times, and a 30\% improvement in the dynamic time warping morphological distance. <br>Conclusion: In this work, we have developed an event-based processing pipeline that leverages signal self-similarity to reconstruct event-based sampled ECG signals. Synthetic tests show clear advantages over classical resampling techniques.      
### 18.FDVTS's Solution for 2nd COV19D Competition on COVID-19 Detection and Severity Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01758.pdf)
>  This paper presents our solution for the 2nd COVID-19 Competition, occurring in the framework of the AIMIA Workshop in the European Conference on Computer Vision (ECCV 2022). In our approach, we employ an effective 3D Contrastive Mixup Classification network for COVID-19 diagnosis on chest CT images, which is composed of contrastive representation learning and mixup classification. For the COVID-19 detection challenge, our approach reaches 0.9245 macro F1 score on 484 validation CT scans, which significantly outperforms the baseline method by 16.5%. In the COVID-19 severity detection challenge, our approach achieves 0.7186 macro F1 score on 61 validation samples, which also surpasses the baseline by 8.86%.      
### 19.Vector Field-based Collision Avoidance for Moving Obstacles with Time-Varying Elliptical Shape  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01747.pdf)
>  This paper presents an algorithm for local motion planning in environments populated by moving elliptical obstacles whose velocity, shape and size are fully known but may change with time. We base the algorithm on a collision avoidance vector field (CAVF) that aims to steer an agent to a desired final state whose motion is described by a double integrator kinematic model. In addition to handling multiple obstacles, it is applicable in bounded environments for more realistic applications (e.g., motion planning inside a building). We also incorporate a method to deal with agents whose control input is limited so that they safely navigate around the obstacles. To showcase our approach, extensive simulations results are presented in 2D and 3D scenarios.      
### 20.DEFORMER: Coupling Deformed Localized Patterns with Global Context for Robust End-to-end Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01732.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks (CNN) have improved speech recognition performance greatly by exploiting localized time-frequency patterns. But these patterns are assumed to appear in symmetric and rigid kernels by the conventional CNN operation. It motivates the question: What about asymmetric kernels? In this study, we illustrate adaptive views can discover local features which couple better with attention than fixed views of the input. We replace depthwise CNNs in the Conformer architecture with a deformable counterpart, dubbed this "Deformer". By analyzing our best-performing model, we visualize both local receptive fields and global attention maps learned by the Deformer and show increased feature associations on the utterance level. The statistical analysis of learned kernel offsets provides an insight into the change of information in features with the network depth. Finally, replacing only half of the layers in the encoder, the Deformer improves +5.6% relative WER without a LM and +6.4% relative WER with a LM over the Conformer baseline on the WSJ eval92 set.      
### 21.Identification of Distorted RF Components via Deep Multi-Task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01707.pdf)
>  High-quality radio frequency (RF) components are imperative for efficient wireless communication. However, these components can degrade over time and need to be identified so that either they can be replaced or their effects can be compensated. The identification of these components can be done through observation and analysis of constellation diagrams. However, in the presence of multiple distortions, it is very challenging to isolate and identify the RF components responsible for the degradation. This paper highlights the difficulties of distorted RF components' identification and their importance. Furthermore, a deep multi-task learning algorithm is proposed to identify the distorted components in the challenging scenario. Extensive simulations show that the proposed algorithm can automatically detect multiple distorted RF components with high accuracy in different scenarios.      
### 22.Adversarial Multi-Task Deep Learning for Noise-Robust Voice Activity Detection with Low Algorithmic Delay  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01691.pdf)
>  Voice Activity Detection (VAD) is an important pre-processing step in a wide variety of speech processing systems. VAD should in a practical application be able to detect speech in both noisy and noise-free environments, while not introducing significant latency. In this work we propose using an adversarial multi-task learning method when training a supervised VAD. The method has been applied to the state-of-the-art VAD Waveform-based Voice Activity Detection. Additionally the performance of the VADis investigated under different algorithmic delays, which is an important factor in latency. Introducing adversarial multi-task learning to the model is observed to increase performance in terms of Area Under Curve (AUC), particularly in noisy environments, while the performance is not degraded at higher SNR levels. The adversarial multi-task learning is only applied in the training phase and thus introduces no additional cost in testing. Furthermore the correlation between performance and algorithmic delays is investigated, and it is observed that the VAD performance degradation is only moderate when lowering the algorithmic delay from 398 ms to 23 ms.      
### 23.Slice-by-slice deep learning aided oropharyngeal cancer segmentation with adaptive thresholding for spatial uncertainty on FDG PET and CT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01623.pdf)
>  Tumor segmentation is a fundamental step for radiotherapy treatment planning. To define an accurate segmentation of the primary tumor (GTVp) of oropharyngeal cancer patients (OPC), simultaneous assessment of different image modalities is needed, and each image volume is explored slice-by-slice from different orientations. Moreover, the manual fixed boundary of segmentation neglects the spatial uncertainty known to occur in tumor delineation. This study proposes a novel automatic deep learning (DL) model to assist radiation oncologists in a slice-by-slice adaptive GTVp segmentation on registered FDG PET/CT images. We included 138 OPC patients treated with (chemo)radiation in our institute. Our DL framework exploits both inter and intra-slice context. Sequences of 3 consecutive 2D slices of concatenated FDG PET/CT images and GTVp contours were used as input. A 3-fold cross validation was performed three times, training on sequences extracted from the Axial (A), Sagittal (S), and Coronal (C) plane of 113 patients. Since consecutive sequences in a volume contain overlapping slices, each slice resulted in three outcome predictions that were averaged. In the A, S, and C planes, the output shows areas with different probabilities of predicting the tumor. The performance of the models was assessed on 25 patients at different probability thresholds using the mean Dice Score Coefficient (DSC). Predictions were the closest to the ground truth at a probability threshold of 0.9 (DSC of 0.70 in the A, 0.77 in the S, and 0.80 in the C plane). The promising results of the proposed DL model show that the probability maps on registered FDG PET/CT images could guide radiation oncologists in a slice-by-slice adaptive GTVp segmentation.      
### 24.Multi-IRS-Aided Doppler-Tolerant Wideband DFRC System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02157.pdf)
>  Intelligence reflecting surface (IRS) is recognized as the enabler of future dual-function radar-communications (DFRC) for improving spectral efficiency, coverage, parameter estimation, and interference suppression. Prior studies on IRS-aided DFRC focus on either narrowband processing, single-IRS deployment, static targets, non-clutter scenario, or under-utilized line-of-sight (LoS) and non-line-of-sight (NLoS) paths. In this paper, we address the aforementioned shortcomings by optimizing a wideband DFRC system that comprises multiple IRSs and a dual-function base station that jointly processes the LoS and NLoS wideband multi-carrier signals to extract communications symbols and moving target parameters in the presence of clutter. We formulate the transmit and IRS beamformer design as the maximization of the worst-case radar signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) subject to transmit power and communications SINR. We tackle this nonconvex problem under the alternating optimization framework, where the subproblems are solved by a combination of the Dinkelbach algorithm, consensus alternating direction method of multipliers, and Riemannian steepest decent. Our numerical experiments show that the proposed multi-IRS-aided wideband DFRC provides over $6$ dB radar SINR and $40$% improvement in target detection over a single-IRS system.      
### 25.A cross-corpus study on speech emotion recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02104.pdf)
>  For speech emotion datasets, it has been difficult to acquire large quantities of reliable data and acted emotions may be over the top compared to less expressive emotions displayed in everyday life. Lately, larger datasets with natural emotions have been created. Instead of ignoring smaller, acted datasets, this study investigates whether information learnt from acted emotions is useful for detecting natural emotions. Cross-corpus research has mostly considered cross-lingual and even cross-age datasets, and difficulties arise from different methods of annotating emotions causing a drop in performance. To be consistent, four adult English datasets covering acted, elicited and natural emotions are considered. A state-of-the-art model is proposed to accurately investigate the degradation of performance. The system involves a bi-directional LSTM with an attention mechanism to classify emotions across datasets. Experiments study the effects of training models in a cross-corpus and multi-domain fashion and results show the transfer of information is not successful. Out-of-domain models, followed by adapting to the missing dataset, and domain adversarial training (DAT) are shown to be more suitable to generalising to emotions across datasets. This shows positive information transfer from acted datasets to those with more natural emotions and the benefits from training on different corpora.      
### 26.Robust Reinforcement Learning in Continuous Control Tasks with Uncertainty Set Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02016.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is recognized as lacking generalization and robustness under environmental perturbations, which excessively restricts its application for real-world robotics. Prior work claimed that adding regularization to the value function is equivalent to learning a robust policy with uncertain transitions. Although the regularization-robustness transformation is appealing for its simplicity and efficiency, it is still lacking in continuous control tasks. In this paper, we propose a new regularizer named $\textbf{U}$ncertainty $\textbf{S}$et $\textbf{R}$egularizer (USR), by formulating the uncertainty set on the parameter space of the transition function. In particular, USR is flexible enough to be plugged into any existing RL framework. To deal with unknown uncertainty sets, we further propose a novel adversarial approach to generate them based on the value function. We evaluate USR on the Real-world Reinforcement Learning (RWRL) benchmark, demonstrating improvements in the robust performance for perturbed testing environments.      
### 27.Towards trustworthy Energy Disaggregation: A review of challenges, methods and perspectives for Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.02009.pdf)
>  Non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM) is the task of disaggregating the total power consumption into its individual sub-components. Over the years, signal processing and machine learning algorithms have been combined to achieve this. A lot of publications and extensive research works are performed on energy disaggregation or NILM for the state-of-the-art methods to reach on the desirable performance. The initial interest of the scientific community to formulate and describe mathematically the NILM problem using machine learning tools has now shifted into a more practical NILM. Nowadays, we are in the mature NILM period where there is an attempt for NILM to be applied in real-life application scenarios. Thus, complexity of the algorithms, transferability, reliability, practicality and in general trustworthiness are the main issues of interest. This review narrows the gap between the early immature NILM era and the mature one. In particular, the paper provides a comprehensive literature review of the NILM methods for residential appliances only. The paper analyzes, summarizes and presents the outcomes of a large number of recently published scholarly articles. Also, the paper discusses the highlights of these methods and introduces the research dilemmas that should be taken into consideration by researchers to apply NILM methods. Finally, we show the need for transferring the traditional disaggregation models into a practical and trustworthy framework.      
### 28.Massive Access in Extra Large-Scale MIMO with Mixed-ADC over Near Field Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01983.pdf)
>  Massive connectivity for extra-large multi-input multi-output (XL-MIMO) systems is a challenging issue due to the prohibitive cost and the near-field non-stationary channels. In this paper, we propose an uplink grant-free massive access scheme for XL-MIMO systems, in which a mixed-analog-to-digital converters (ADC) architecture is adopted to strike the right balance between access performance and energy cost. By exploiting the spatial-domain structured sparsity and the piecewise angular-domain cluster sparsity of massive access channels, a compressive sensing (CS)-based two-stage orthogonal approximate message passing algorithm is proposed to efficiently solve the joint activity detection and channel estimation problem. Particularly, high-precision quantized measurements are leveraged to perform accurate hyper-parameter estimation, thereby facilitating the activity detection. Moreover, we adopt subarray-wise estimation strategy to overcome the severe angular-domain energy dispersion problem which is caused by the spatial non-stationarity of near-field XL-MIMO channels. Simulation results verify the superiority of our proposed algorithm over state-of-the-art CS algorithms for massive access based on XL-MIMO with mixed-ADC architectures.      
### 29.Social Sensing and Human in the Loop Profiling during Pandemics: the Vitoria application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01920.pdf)
>  As the number of smart devices that surround us increases, so do the opportunities to leverage them to create socially- and context-aware systems. Smart devices can be used for better understanding human behaviour and its societal implications. As an example of a scenario in which the role of socially aware systems is crucial, consider the SARS-CoV-2 pandemic. In this paper we present an innovative Humanin-The-Loop Cyber Physical system that can collect passive data from people, such as physical activity, sleep information, and discrete location, as well as collect self-reported data, and provide individualised user feedback. In this paper, we also present a three and a half months field trial implemented in Portugal. This trial was part of a larger scope project that was supported by the Portuguese National Health System, to evaluate the indicators and effects of the pandemic. Results concerning various applications usage statistics are presented, comparing the most used applications, their objective and their usage pattern in work/non-work periods. Additionally,the time-lagged cross correlation between some of the collected metrics, Covid events, and media news, are explored. This type of applications can be used not only in the context of Covid but also in future pandemics, to assist individuals in self-regulation of their contagion risk, based on personalized information, while also function as a means for raising self-awareness of risks related to psychological wellbeing.      
### 30.WeSinger 2: Fully Parallel Singing Voice Synthesis via Multi-Singer Conditional Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01886.pdf)
>  This paper aims to introduce a robust singing voice synthesis (SVS) system to produce high-quality singing voices efficiently by leveraging the adversarial training strategy. On one hand, we designed simple but generic random area conditional discriminators to help supervise the acoustic model, which can effectively avoid the over-smoothed spectrogram prediction by the duration-allocated Transformer-based acoustic model. On the other hand, we subtly combined the spectrogram with the frame-level linearly-interpolated F0 sequence as the input for the neural vocoder, which is then optimized with the help of multiple adversarial discriminators in the waveform domain and multi-scale distance functions in the frequency domain. The experimental results and ablation studies concluded that, compared with our previous auto-regressive work, our new system can produce high-quality singing voices efficiently by fine-tuning on different singing datasets covering several minutes to a few hours. Some synthesized singing samples are available online [<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zzw922cn.github.io/wesinger2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> ].      
### 31.Ten Scientific Challenges for 6G: Rethinking the Foundations of Communications Theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01843.pdf)
>  The research in the sixth generation of communication networks needs to tackle new challenges in order to meet the requirements of emerging applications in terms of high data rate, low latency, high reliability, and massive connectivity. To this end, the entire communication chain needs to be optimized, including the channel and the surrounding environment, as it is no longer sufficient to control the transmitter and/or the receiver only. Investigating large intelligent surfaces, ultra massive multiple-input-multiple-output, and smart constructive environments will contribute to this direction. In addition, to allow the exchange of high dimensional sensing data between connected intelligent devices, semantic and goal-oriented communications need to be considered for a more efficient and context-aware information encoding. In particular, for multi-agent systems, where agents are collaborating together to achieve a complex task, emergent communications, instead of hard-coded communications, can be learned for more efficient task execution and communication resources use. Moreover, the interaction between information theory and electromagnetism should be explored to better understand the physical limitations of different technologies, e.g, holographic communications. Another new communication paradigm is to consider the end-to-end approach instead of block-by-block optimization, which requires exploiting machine learning theory, non-linear signal processing theory, and non-coherent communications theory. Within this context, we identify ten scientific challenges for rebuilding the theoretical foundations of communications, and we overview each of the challenges while providing research opportunities and open questions for the research community.      
### 32.Glow-WaveGAN 2: High-quality Zero-shot Text-to-speech Synthesis and Any-to-any Voice Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01832.pdf)
>  The zero-shot scenario for speech generation aims at synthesizing a novel unseen voice with only one utterance of the target speaker. Although the challenges of adapting new voices in zero-shot scenario exist in both stages -- acoustic modeling and vocoder, previous works usually consider the problem from only one stage. In this paper, we extend our previous Glow-WaveGAN to Glow-WaveGAN 2, aiming to solve the problem from both stages for high-quality zero-shot text-to-speech and any-to-any voice conversion. We first build a universal WaveGAN model for extracting latent distribution $p(z)$ of speech and reconstructing waveform from it. Then a flow-based acoustic model only needs to learn the same $p(z)$ from texts, which naturally avoids the mismatch between the acoustic model and the vocoder, resulting in high-quality generated speech without model fine-tuning. Based on a continuous speaker space and the reversible property of flows, the conditional distribution can be obtained for any speaker, and thus we can further conduct high-quality zero-shot speech generation for new speakers. We particularly investigate two methods to construct the speaker space, namely pre-trained speaker encoder and jointly-trained speaker encoder. The superiority of Glow-WaveGAN 2 has been proved through TTS and VC experiments conducted on LibriTTS corpus and VTCK corpus.      
### 33.Deriving Surface Resistivity from Polarimetric SAR Data Using Dual-Input UNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01811.pdf)
>  Traditional survey methods for finding surface resistivity are time-consuming and labor intensive. Very few studies have focused on finding the resistivity/conductivity using remote sensing data and deep learning techniques. In this line of work, we assessed the correlation between surface resistivity and Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) by applying various deep learning methods and tested our hypothesis in the Coso Geothermal Area, USA. For detecting the resistivity, L-band full polarimetric SAR data acquired by UAVSAR were used, and MT (Magnetotellurics) inverted resistivity data of the area were used as the ground truth. We conducted experiments to compare various deep learning architectures and suggest the use of Dual Input UNet (DI-UNet) architecture. DI-UNet uses a deep learning architecture to predict the resistivity using full polarimetric SAR data by promising a quick survey addition to the traditional method. Our proposed approach accomplished improved outcomes for the mapping of MT resistivity from SAR data.      
### 34.Backend Ensemble for Speaker Verification and Spoofing Countermeasure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01802.pdf)
>  This paper describes the NPU system submitted to Spoofing Aware Speaker Verification Challenge 2022. We particularly focus on the \textit{backend ensemble} for speaker verification and spoofing countermeasure from three aspects. Firstly, besides simple concatenation, we propose circulant matrix transformation and stacking for speaker embeddings and countermeasure embeddings. With the stacking operation of newly-defined circulant embeddings, we almost explore all the possible interactions between speaker embeddings and countermeasure embeddings. Secondly, we attempt different convolution neural networks to selectively fuse the embeddings' salient regions into channels with convolution kernels. Finally, we design parallel attention in 1D convolution neural networks to learn the global correlation in channel dimensions as well as to learn the important parts in feature dimensions. Meanwhile, we embed squeeze-and-excitation attention in 2D convolutional neural networks to learn the global dependence among speaker embeddings and countermeasure embeddings. Experimental results demonstrate that all the above methods are effective. After fusion of four well-trained models enhanced by the mentioned methods, the best SASV-EER, SPF-EER and SV-EER we achieve are 0.559\%, 0.354\% and 0.857\% on the evaluation set respectively. Together with the above contributions, our submission system achieves the fifth place in this challenge.      
### 35.Providing slowdown information to improve selfish routing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01721.pdf)
>  Recent research in the social sciences has identified situations in which small changes in the way that information is provided to consumers can have large aggregate effects on behavior. This has been promoted in popular media in areas of public health and wellness, but its application to other areas has not been broadly studied. This paper presents a simple model which expresses the effect of providing commuters with carefully-curated information regarding aggregate traffic "slowdowns" on the various roads in a transportation network. Much of the work on providing information to commuters focuses specifically on travel-time information. However, the model in the present paper allows a system planner to provide slowdown information as well; that is, commuters are additionally told how much slower each route is as compared to its uncongested state. We show that providing this additional information can improve equilibrium routing efficiency when compared to the case when commuters are only given information about travel time, but that these improvements in congestion are not universal. That is, transportation networks exist on which any provision of slowdown information can harm equilibrium congestion. In addition, this paper illuminates a deep connection between the effects of commuter slowdown-sensitivity and the study of marginal-cost pricing and altruism in congestion games.      
### 36.BERT, can HE predict contrastive focus? Predicting and controlling prominence in neural TTS using a language model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01718.pdf)
>  Several recent studies have tested the use of transformer language model representations to infer prosodic features for text-to-speech synthesis (TTS). While these studies have explored prosody in general, in this work, we look specifically at the prediction of contrastive focus on personal pronouns. This is a particularly challenging task as it often requires semantic, discursive and/or pragmatic knowledge to predict correctly. We collect a corpus of utterances containing contrastive focus and we evaluate the accuracy of a BERT model, finetuned to predict quantized acoustic prominence features, on these samples. We also investigate how past utterances can provide relevant information for this prediction. Furthermore, we evaluate the controllability of pronoun prominence in a TTS model conditioned on acoustic prominence features.      
### 37.An adaptive music generation architecture for games based on the deep learning Transformer mode  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01698.pdf)
>  This paper presents an architecture for generating music for video games based on the Transformer deep learning model. The system generates music in various layers, following the standard layering strategy currently used by composers designing video game music. The music is adaptive to the psychological context of the player, according to the arousal-valence model. Our motivation is to customize music according to the player's tastes, who can select his preferred style of music through a set of training examples of music. We discuss current limitations and prospects for the future, such as collaborative and interactive control of the musical components.      
### 38.Stochastic Restoration of Heavily Compressed Musical Audio using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.01667.pdf)
>  Lossy audio codecs compress (and decompress) digital audio streams by removing information that tends to be inaudible in human perception. Under high compression rates, such codecs may introduce a variety of impairments in the audio signal. Many works have tackled the problem of audio enhancement and compression artifact removal using deep learning techniques. However, only a few works tackle the restoration of heavily compressed audio signals in the musical domain. In such a scenario, there is no unique solution for the restoration of the original signal. Therefore, in this study, we test a stochastic generator of a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) architecture for this task. Such a stochastic generator, conditioned on highly compressed musical audio signals, could one day generate outputs indistinguishable from high-quality releases. Therefore, the present study may yield insights into more efficient musical data storage and transmission. We train stochastic and deterministic generators on MP3-compressed audio signals with 16, 32, and 64 kbit/s. We perform an extensive evaluation of the different experiments utilizing objective metrics and listening tests. We find that the models can improve the quality of the audio signals over the MP3 versions for 16 and 32 kbit/s and that the stochastic generators are capable of generating outputs that are closer to the original signals than those of the deterministic generators.      
