# ArXiv eess --Thu, 28 Jul 2022
### 1.Intricacies of formulating measurement-based small signal models of inverter based resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13641.pdf)
>  The increasing number of inverter based resources (IBRs) connected to modern power systems necessitate accurate modeling of IBRs in stability studies. Measurement-based modeling approaches can create an impedance/admittance model of IBRs to be subsequently used in small signal stability studies. Such measurement-based approaches have previously been successfully used for dc-dc converters but present unique challenges for three-phase IBRs. This paper discusses the choices and challenges that can lead to an incorrect model from measurement-based approaches as well as mitigation mechanisms of the adverse impacts using an illustrative example. A discussion of small signal stability assessment involving such admittance models is also provided. It is seen through the illustrative example shown that the injection signal and the model fitting procedure, the phase locked loop used for the measurement device, and the grid impedance may impact the accuracy of the measurement-based admittance model of the IBRs.      
### 2.Future Unruptured Intracranial Aneurysm Growth Prediction using Mesh Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13518.pdf)
>  The growth of unruptured intracranial aneurysms (UIAs) is a predictor of rupture. Therefore, for further imaging surveillance and treatment planning, it is important to be able to predict if an UIA is likely to grow based on an initial baseline Time-of-Flight MRA (TOF-MRA). It is known that the size and shape of UIAs are predictors of aneurysm growth and/or rupture. We perform a feasibility study of using a mesh convolutional neural network for future UIA growth prediction from baseline TOF-MRAs. We include 151 TOF-MRAs, with 169 UIAs where 49 UIAs were classified as growing and 120 as stable, based on the clinical definition of growth (&gt;1 mm increase in size in follow-up scan). UIAs were segmented from TOF-MRAs and meshes were automatically generated. We investigate the input of both UIA mesh only and region-of-interest (ROI) meshes including UIA and surrounding parent vessels. We develop a classification model to predict UIAs that will grow or remain stable. The model consisted of a mesh convolutional neural network including additional novel input edge features of shape index and curvedness which describe the surface topology. It was investigated if input edge mid-point co-ordinates influenced the model performance. The model with highest AUC (63.8%) for growth prediction was using UIA meshes with input edge mid-point co-ordinate features (average F1 score = 62.3%, accuracy = 66.9%, sensitivity = 57.3%, specificity = 70.8%). We present a future UIA growth prediction model based on a mesh convolutional neural network with promising results.      
### 3.Generalizable multi-task, multi-domain deep segmentation of sparse pediatric imaging datasets via multi-scale contrastive regularization and multi-joint anatomical priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13502.pdf)
>  Clinical diagnosis of the pediatric musculoskeletal system relies on the analysis of medical imaging examinations. In the medical image processing pipeline, semantic segmentation using deep learning algorithms enables an automatic generation of patient-specific three-dimensional anatomical models which are crucial for morphological evaluation. However, the scarcity of pediatric imaging resources may result in reduced accuracy and generalization performance of individual deep segmentation models. In this study, we propose to design a novel multi-task, multi-domain learning framework in which a single segmentation network is optimized over the union of multiple datasets arising from distinct parts of the anatomy. Unlike previous approaches, we simultaneously consider multiple intensity domains and segmentation tasks to overcome the inherent scarcity of pediatric data while leveraging shared features between imaging datasets. To further improve generalization capabilities, we employ a transfer learning scheme from natural image classification, along with a multi-scale contrastive regularization aimed at promoting domain-specific clusters in the shared representations, and multi-joint anatomical priors to enforce anatomically consistent predictions. We evaluate our contributions for performing bone segmentation using three scarce and pediatric imaging datasets of the ankle, knee, and shoulder joints. Our results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms individual, transfer, and shared segmentation schemes in Dice metric with statistically sufficient margins. The proposed model brings new perspectives towards intelligent use of imaging resources and better management of pediatric musculoskeletal disorders.      
### 4.Nanofluid Heat Transfer in Parallel Plates with Variable Magnetic Field  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13485.pdf)
>  Uncertainties plays an important character in almost every problem which generally not considered and ideal cases are studied. As such, the consequences cost more and need model prediction. In view of these, this paper investigates nanofluid heat transfer problem under a variable magnetic field with uncertain bounded parameters and analyzed effect of uncertainness over the field variables of the system. The variations of velocity, temperature and concentration profiles with the uncertainness for the said problem are reported here. The main challenge one face is the presence of uncertainties make the system complicated to study. So, alternate idea should be developed such that one can overcome the same. Hence, the involved uncertain parameters are considered as intervals and one parametric mapping technique is used for the same. For detail analysis of the said problem a semi analytical method viz. homotopy perturbation method is adapted with the transformation technique. Here, the suction parameter, squeeze number and Hartmann numbers are considered as intervals. Then considering different combinations of these parameters the problem is solved and sensitiveness of the same for the said problem is analysed. Finally, based on the sensitiveness, a relation of between the uncertain parameters with the mentioned system has been established.      
### 5.Propagation Map Reconstruction via Interpolation Assisted Matrix Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13473.pdf)
>  Constructing a propagation map from a set of scattered measurements finds important applications in many areas, such as localization, spectrum monitoring and management. Classical interpolation-type methods have poor performance in regions with very sparse measurements. Recent advance in matrix completion has the potential to reconstruct a propagation map from sparse measurements, but the spatial resolution is limited. This paper proposes to integrate interpolation with matrix completion to exploit both the spatial correlation and the potential low rank structure of the propagation map. The proposed method first enriches matrix observations using interpolation, and develops the statistics of the interpolation error based on a local polynomial regression model. Then, two uncertainty aware matrix completion algorithms are developed to exploit the interpolation error statistics. It is numerically demonstrated that the proposed method significantly reduces the mean squared error (MSE) of propagation map reconstruction by 50% from Kriging and other state-of-the-art schemes in the regime of very sparse sensor measurements, where the baseline schemes will need to at least double the number of measurements to achieve the same MSE.      
### 6.Online set-point estimation for feedback-based traffic control applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13467.pdf)
>  This paper deals with traffic control at motorway bottlenecks assuming the existence of an unknown, time-varying, Fundamental Diagram (FD). The FD may change over time due to different traffic compositions, e.g., light and heavy vehicles, as well as in the presence of connected and automated vehicles equipped with different technologies at varying penetration rates, leading to inconstant and uncertain driving characteristics. A novel methodology, based on Model Reference Adaptive Control, is proposed to robustly estimate in real-time the time-varying set-points that maximise the bottleneck throughput, particularly useful when the traffic is regulated via a feedback-based controller. Furthermore, we demonstrate the global asymptotic stability of the proposed controller through a Lyapunov analysis. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is evaluated via simulation experiments, where the estimator is integrated into a feedback ramp-metering control strategy, employing a second-order multi-lane macroscopic traffic flow model, modified to account for time-varying FDs.      
### 7.Efficient Pix2Vox++ for 3D Cardiac Reconstruction from 2D echo views  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13424.pdf)
>  Accurate geometric quantification of the human heart is a key step in the diagnosis of numerous cardiac diseases, and in the management of cardiac patients. Ultrasound imaging is the primary modality for cardiac imaging, however acquisition requires high operator skill, and its interpretation and analysis is difficult due to artifacts. Reconstructing cardiac anatomy in 3D can enable discovery of new biomarkers and make imaging less dependent on operator expertise, however most ultrasound systems only have 2D imaging capabilities. We propose both a simple alteration to the Pix2Vox++ networks for a sizeable reduction in memory usage and computational complexity, and a pipeline to perform reconstruction of 3D anatomy from 2D standard cardiac views, effectively enabling 3D anatomical reconstruction from limited 2D data. We evaluate our pipeline using synthetically generated data achieving accurate 3D whole-heart reconstructions (peak intersection over union score &gt; 0.88) from just two standard anatomical 2D views of the heart. We also show preliminary results using real echo images.      
### 8.Knowledge-driven Subword Grammar Modeling for Automatic Speech Recognition in Tamil and Kannada  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13333.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present specially designed automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems for the highly agglutinative and inflective languages of Tamil and Kannada that can recognize unlimited vocabulary of words. We use subwords as the basic lexical units for recognition and construct subword grammar weighted finite state transducer (SG-WFST) graphs for word segmentation that captures most of the complex word formation rules of the languages. We have identified the following category of words (i) verbs, (ii) nouns, (ii) pronouns, and (iv) numbers. The prefix, infix and suffix lists of subwords are created for each of these categories and are used to design the SG-WFST graphs. We also present a heuristic segmentation algorithm that can even segment exceptional words that do not follow the rules encapsulated in the SG-WFST graph. Most of the data-driven subword dictionary creation algorithms are computation driven, and hence do not guarantee morpheme-like units and so we have used the linguistic knowledge of the languages and manually created the subword dictionaries and the graphs. Finally, we train a deep neural network acoustic model and combine it with the pronunciation lexicon of the subword dictionary and the SG-WFST graph to build the subword-ASR systems. Since the subword-ASR produces subword sequences as output for a given test speech, we post-process its output to get the final word sequence, so that the actual number of words that can be recognized is much higher. Upon experimenting the subword-ASR system with the IISc-MILE Tamil and Kannada ASR corpora, we observe an absolute word error rate reduction of 12.39% and 13.56% over the baseline word-based ASR systems for Tamil and Kannada, respectively.      
### 9.Subword Dictionary Learning and Segmentation Techniques for Automatic Speech Recognition in Tamil and Kannada  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13331.pdf)
>  We present automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems for Tamil and Kannada based on subword modeling to effectively handle unlimited vocabulary due to the highly agglutinative nature of the languages. We explore byte pair encoding (BPE), and proposed a variant of this algorithm named extended-BPE, and Morfessor tool to segment each word as subwords. We have effectively incorporated maximum likelihood (ML) and Viterbi estimation techniques with weighted finite state transducers (WFST) framework in these algorithms to learn the subword dictionary from a large text corpus. Using the learnt subword dictionary, the words in training data transcriptions are segmented to subwords and we train deep neural network ASR systems which recognize subword sequence for any given test speech utterance. The output subword sequence is then post-processed using deterministic rules to get the final word sequence such that the actual number of words that can be recognized is much larger. For Tamil ASR, We use 152 hours of data for training and 65 hours for testing, whereas for Kannada ASR, we use 275 hours for training and 72 hours for testing. Upon experimenting with different combination of segmentation and estimation techniques, we find that the word error rate (WER) reduces drastically when compared to the baseline word-level ASR, achieving a maximum absolute WER reduction of 6.24% and 6.63% for Tamil and Kannada respectively.      
### 10.Marker and source-marker reprogramming of Most Permissive Boolean networks and ensembles with BoNesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13307.pdf)
>  Boolean networks (BNs) are discrete dynamical systems with applications to the modeling of cellular behaviors. In this paper, we demonstrate how the software BoNesis can be employed to exhaustively identify combinations of perturbations which enforce properties on their fixed points and attractors. We consider marker properties, which specify that some components are fixed to a specific value. We study 4 variants of the marker reprogramming problem: the reprogramming of fixed points, of minimal trap spaces, and of fixed points and minimal trap spaces reachable from a given initial configuration with the most permissive update mode. The perturbations consist of fixing a set of components to a fixed value. They can destroy and create new attractors. In each case, we give an upper bound on their theoretical computational complexity, and give an implementation of the resolution using the BoNesis Python framework. Finally, we lift the reprogramming problems to ensembles of BNs, as supported by BoNesis, bringing insight on possible and universal reprogramming strategies. This paper can be executed and modified interactively.      
### 11.Regularity-constrained Fast Sine Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13301.pdf)
>  This letter proposes a fast implementation of the regularity-constrained discrete sine transform (R-DST). The original DST \textit{leaks} the lowest frequency (DC: direct current) components of signals into high frequency (AC: alternating current) subbands. This property is not desired in many applications, particularly image processing, since most of the frequency components in natural images concentrate in DC subband. The characteristic of filter banks whereby they do not leak DC components into the AC subbands is called \textit{regularity}. While an R-DST has been proposed, it has no fast implementation because of the singular value decomposition (SVD) in its internal algorithm. In contrast, the proposed regularity-constrained fast sine transform (R-FST) is obtained by just appending a regularity constraint matrix as a postprocessing of the original DST. When the DST size is $M\times M$ ($M=2^\ell$, $\ell\in\mathbb{N}_{\geq 1}$), the regularity constraint matrix is constructed from only $M/2-1$ rotation matrices with the angles derived from the output of the DST for the constant-valued signal (i.e., the DC signal). Since it does not require SVD, the computation is simpler and faster than the R-DST while keeping all of its beneficial properties. An image processing example shows that the R-FST has fine frequency selectivity with no DC leakage and higher coding gain than the original DST. Also, in the case of $M=8$, the R-FST saved approximately $0.126$ seconds in a 2-D transformation of $512\times 512$ signals compared with the R-DST because of fewer extra operations.      
### 12.Applied Computer Vision on 2-Dimensional Lung X-Ray Images for Assisted Medical Diagnosis of Pneumonia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13295.pdf)
>  This study focuses on the application of a specific subfield of artificial intelligence referred to as computer vision in the analysis of 2-dimensional lung x-ray images for the assisted medical diagnosis of ordinary pneumonia. <br>A convolutional neural network algorithm was implemented in a Python-coded, Flask-based web application that can analyze x-ray images for the detection of ordinary pneumonia. Since convolutional neural network algorithms rely on machine learning for the identification and detection of patterns, a technique referred to as transfer learning was implemented to train the neural network in the identification and detection of patterns within the dataset. Open-source lung x-ray images were used as training data to create a knowledge base that served as the core element of the web application and the experimental design employed a 5-Trial Confirmatory Test for the validation of the web application. <br>The results of the 5-Trial Confirmatory Test show the calculation of Diagnostic Precision Percentage per Trial, General Diagnostic Precision Percentage, and General Diagnostic Error Percentage while the Confusion Matrix further shows the relationship between the label and the corresponding diagnosis result of the web application on each test images. <br>The developed web application can be used by medical practitioners in A.I.-assisted diagnosis of ordinary pneumonia, and by researchers in the fields of computer science and bioinformatics.      
### 13.Distributed Differential Dynamic Programming Architectures for Large-Scale Multi-Agent Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13255.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose two novel decentralized optimization frameworks for multi-agent nonlinear optimal control problems in robotics. The aim of this work is to suggest architectures that inherit the computational efficiency and scalability of Differential Dynamic Programming (DDP) and the distributed nature of the Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM). In this direction, two frameworks are introduced. The first one called Nested Distributed DDP (ND-DDP), is a three-level architecture which employs ADMM for enforcing a consensus between all agents, an Augmented Lagrangian layer for satisfying local constraints and DDP as each agent's optimizer. In the second approach, both consensus and local constraints are handled with ADMM, yielding a two-level architecture called Merged Distributed DDP (MD-DDP), which further reduces computational complexity. Both frameworks are fully decentralized since all computations are parallelizable among the agents and only local communication is necessary. Simulation results that scale up to thousands of vehicles and hundreds of drones verify the effectiveness of the methods. Superior scalability to large-scale systems against centralized DDP and centralized/decentralized sequential quadratic programming is also illustrated. Finally, hardware experiments on a multi-robot platform demonstrate the applicability of the proposed algorithms, while highlighting the importance of optimizing for feedback policies to increase robustness against uncertainty. A video including all results is available here <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/tluvENcWldw" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.AADG: Automatic Augmentation for Domain Generalization on Retinal Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13249.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks have been widely applied to medical image segmentation and have achieved considerable performance. However, the performance may be significantly affected by the domain gap between training data (source domain) and testing data (target domain). To address this issue, we propose a data manipulation based domain generalization method, called Automated Augmentation for Domain Generalization (AADG). Our AADG framework can effectively sample data augmentation policies that generate novel domains and diversify the training set from an appropriate search space. Specifically, we introduce a novel proxy task maximizing the diversity among multiple augmented novel domains as measured by the Sinkhorn distance in a unit sphere space, making automated augmentation tractable. Adversarial training and deep reinforcement learning are employed to efficiently search the objectives. Quantitative and qualitative experiments on 11 publicly-accessible fundus image datasets (four for retinal vessel segmentation, four for optic disc and cup (OD/OC) segmentation and three for retinal lesion segmentation) are comprehensively performed. Two OCTA datasets for retinal vasculature segmentation are further involved to validate cross-modality generalization. Our proposed AADG exhibits state-of-the-art generalization performance and outperforms existing approaches by considerable margins on retinal vessel, OD/OC and lesion segmentation tasks. The learned policies are empirically validated to be model-agnostic and can transfer well to other models. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/CRazorback/AADG" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Trajectory Planning of Cellular-Connected UAV for Communication-assisted Radar Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13238.pdf)
>  Being a key technology for beyond fifth-generation wireless systems, joint communication and radar sensing (JCAS) utilizes the reflections of communication signals to detect foreign objects and deliver situational awareness. A cellular-connected unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is uniquely suited to form a mobile bistatic synthetic aperture radar (SAR) with its serving base station (BS) to sense over large areas with superb sensing resolutions at no additional requirement of spectrum. This paper designs this novel BS-UAV bistatic SAR platform, and optimizes the flight path of the UAV to minimize its propulsion energy and guarantee the required sensing resolutions on a series of interesting landmarks. A new trajectory planning algorithm is developed to convexify the propulsion energy and resolution requirements by using successive convex approximation and block coordinate descent. Effective trajectories are obtained with a polynomial complexity. Extensive simulations reveal that the proposed trajectory planning algorithm outperforms significantly its alternative that minimizes the flight distance of cellular-aided sensing missions in terms of energy efficiency and effective consumption fluctuation. The energy saving offered by the proposed algorithm can be as significant as 55\%.      
### 16.Evaluation of SiPM based Optical Receiver for Low Energy Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13208.pdf)
>  Silicon Photomultipliers (SiPMs) are photon-counting detectors with great potential to improve the sensitivity of optical receivers. However, its recovery time and dark count rate could limit its dynamic range that effectively detects single photons, hence limiting the sensitivity. Recent studies of SiPMs in communication focus on the speed rather than the power consumption of the receiver. The gain and bandwidth of the designed receiver circuit to read out SiPM output are much higher than required for the target data rate. Additionally, the SiPM experiments for optical communication are performed using an offline method which uses instruments including oscilloscopes and personal computers to process chunks of the transmitted data. In this work, we have developed an embedded realtime system FPGA-based platform to evaluate a commercially available 1 mm-sq SiPM. Moreover, simulations for investigating the relationship between the electrical bandwidth of the receiver circuit and the target data rate to achieve a target Bit Error Rate (BER) are established. The experimental results show that the implemented real-time system achieves a Bit Error Rate (BER) of 1E-3 with less than 5 pW of incident optical power with an average of 11.35 photons per bit at 100 kbps under 620 nm LED, approaching the Poisson limit. It was found that the minimum receiver electrical bandwidth required to maintain the Poisson limit is 50 times higher than the target data rate. The analysis of the minimum receiver bandwidth in photon counting and BER enables the potential future adoption of this receiver technology in high sensitivity applications in underwater and visible light communications, especially for low energy devices.      
### 17.Deep Model-Based Architectures for Inverse Problems under Mismatched Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13200.pdf)
>  There is a growing interest in deep model-based architectures (DMBAs) for solving imaging inverse problems by combining physical measurement models and learned image priors specified using convolutional neural nets (CNNs). For example, well-known frameworks for systematically designing DMBAs include plug-and-play priors (PnP), deep unfolding (DU), and deep equilibrium models (DEQ). While the empirical performance and theoretical properties of DMBAs have been widely investigated, the existing work in the area has primarily focused on their performance when the desired image prior is known exactly. This work addresses the gap in the prior work by providing new theoretical and numerical insights into DMBAs under mismatched CNN priors. Mismatched priors arise naturally when there is a distribution shift between training and testing data, for example, due to test images being from a different distribution than images used for training the CNN prior. They also arise when the CNN prior used for inference is an approximation of some desired statistical estimator (MAP or MMSE). Our theoretical analysis provides explicit error bounds on the solution due to the mismatched CNN priors under a set of clearly specified assumptions. Our numerical results compare the empirical performance of DMBAs under realistic distribution shifts and approximate statistical estimators.      
### 18.Learning-Based Keypoint Registration for Fetoscopic Mosaicking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13185.pdf)
>  In Twin-to-Twin Transfusion Syndrome (TTTS), abnormal vascular anastomoses in the monochorionic placenta can produce uneven blood flow between the two fetuses. In the current practice, TTTS is treated surgically by closing abnormal anastomoses using laser ablation. This surgery is minimally invasive and relies on fetoscopy. Limited field of view makes anastomosis identification a challenging task for the surgeon. To tackle this challenge, we propose a learning-based framework for in-vivo fetoscopy frame registration for field-of-view expansion. The novelties of this framework relies on a learning-based keypoint proposal network and an encoding strategy to filter (i) irrelevant keypoints based on fetoscopic image segmentation and (ii) inconsistent homographies. We validate of our framework on a dataset of 6 intraoperative sequences from 6 TTTS surgeries from 6 different women against the most recent state of the art algorithm, which relies on the segmentation of placenta vessels. The proposed framework achieves higher performance compared to the state of the art, paving the way for robust mosaicking to provide surgeons with context awareness during TTTS surgery.      
### 19.Evaluation of key impression of resilient supply chain based on artificial intelligence of things (AIoT)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13174.pdf)
>  In recent years, the high complexity of the business environment, dynamism and environmental change, uncertainty and concepts such as globalization and increasing competition of organizations in the national and international arena have caused many changes in the equations governing the supply chain. In this case, supply chain organizations must always be prepared for a variety of challenges and dynamic environmental changes. One of the effective solutions to face these challenges is to create a resilient supply chain. Resilient supply chain is able to overcome uncertainties and disruptions in the business environment. The competitive advantage of this supply chain does not depend only on low costs, high quality, reduced latency and high level of service. Rather, it has the ability of the chain to avoid catastrophes and overcome critical situations, and this is the resilience of the supply chain. AI and IoT technologies and their combination, called AIoT, have played a key role in improving supply chain performance in recent years and can therefore increase supply chain resilience. For this reason, in this study, an attempt was made to better understand the impact of these technologies on equity by examining the dimensions and components of the Artificial Intelligence of Things (AIoT)-based supply chain. Finally, using nonlinear fuzzy decision making method, the most important components of the impact on the resilient smart supply chain are determined. Understanding this assessment can help empower the smart supply chain.      
### 20.Unsupervised Contrastive Learning of Image Representations from Ultrasound Videos with Hard Negative Mining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13148.pdf)
>  Rich temporal information and variations in viewpoints make video data an attractive choice for learning image representations using unsupervised contrastive learning (UCL) techniques. State-of-the-art (SOTA) contrastive learning techniques consider frames within a video as positives in the embedding space, whereas the frames from other videos are considered negatives. We observe that unlike multiple views of an object in natural scene videos, an Ultrasound (US) video captures different 2D slices of an organ. Hence, there is almost no similarity between the temporally distant frames of even the same US video. In this paper we propose to instead utilize such frames as hard negatives. We advocate mining both intra-video and cross-video negatives in a hardness-sensitive negative mining curriculum in a UCL framework to learn rich image representations. We deploy our framework to learn the representations of Gallbladder (GB) malignancy from US videos. We also construct the first large-scale US video dataset containing 64 videos and 15,800 frames for learning GB representations. We show that the standard ResNet50 backbone trained with our framework improves the accuracy of models pretrained with SOTA UCL techniques as well as supervised pretrained models on ImageNet for the GB malignancy detection task by 2-6%. We further validate the generalizability of our method on a publicly available lung US image dataset of COVID-19 pathologies and show an improvement of 1.5% compared to SOTA. Source code, dataset, and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://gbc-iitd.github.io/usucl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 21.Integration of Renewable Energy Sources for Low Emission Microgrids in Canadian Remote Communities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13092.pdf)
>  In recent years, the electrification of Canadian Remote Communities (RCs) has received significant attention, as their current electric energy systems are not only expensive, but are also highly polluting due to the prevalence of diesel generators. In addition, RCs' inherent geographic characteristics impose a series of challenges that must be considered when planning their electricity supply. Thus, in this paper, an optimization model for the long-term planning of RC Microgrids (MGs) including Renewable Energy Sources (RESs) and Energy Storage Systems (ESSs) is proposed, with the objective of reducing costs and emissions. The proposed model considers lithium-ion batteries and hydrogen systems as part of ESSs technologies. The model is used to investigate the feasibility of integrating RESs and ESSs in an MG in Sanikiluaq, an RC in the Nunavut territory in Northern Canada. The results show that wind resources along with solar and storage technologies can play a key role in satisfying RC electricity demand, while significantly reducing costs and Greenhouse Gas Emissions (GHG). In addition, insights on sustainable and affordable policies for RC MGs are provided.      
### 22.Satisfiability Bounds for $ω$-Regular Properties in Bounded-Parameter Markov Decision Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13660.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of computing minimum and maximum probabilities of satisfying an $\omega$-regular property in a bounded-parameter Markov decision process (BMDP). BMDP arise from Markov decision processes (MDP) by allowing for uncertainty on the transition probabilities in the form of intervals where the actual probabilities are unknown. $\omega$-regular languages form a large class of properties, expressible as, e.g., Rabin or parity automata, encompassing rich specifications such as linear temporal logic. In a BMDP the probability to satisfy the property depends on the unknown transitions probabilities as well as on the policy. In this paper, we compute the extreme values. This solves the problem specifically suggested by Dutreix and Coogan in CDC 2018, extending their results on interval Markov chains with no adversary. The main idea is to reinterpret their work as analysis of interval MDP and accordingly the BMDP problem as analysis of an $\omega$-regular stochastic game, where a solution is provided. This method extends smoothly further to bounded-parameter stochastic games.      
### 23.Reduction by Symmetry in Obstacle Avoidance Problems on Riemannian Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13574.pdf)
>  This paper studies the reduction by symmetry of a variational obstacle avoidance problem. We derive the reduced necessary conditions in the case of Lie groups endowed with a left-invariant metric, and for its corresponding Riemannian homogeneous spaces by considering an alternative variational problem written in terms of a connection on the horizontal bundle of the Lie group. A number of special cases where the obstacle avoidance potential can be computed explicitly are studied in detail, and these ideas are applied to the obstacle avoidance task for a rigid body evolving on SO$(3)$ and for the unit sphere $S^2$.      
### 24.D3C2-Net: Dual-Domain Deep Convolutional Coding Network for Compressive Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13560.pdf)
>  Mapping optimization algorithms into neural networks, deep unfolding networks (DUNs) have achieved impressive success in compressive sensing (CS). From the perspective of optimization, DUNs inherit a well-defined and interpretable structure from iterative steps. However, from the viewpoint of neural network design, most existing DUNs are inherently established based on traditional image-domain unfolding, which takes one-channel images as inputs and outputs between adjacent stages, resulting in insufficient information transmission capability and inevitable loss of the image details. In this paper, to break the above bottleneck, we first propose a generalized dual-domain optimization framework, which is general for inverse imaging and integrates the merits of both (1) image-domain and (2) convolutional-coding-domain priors to constrain the feasible region in the solution space. By unfolding the proposed framework into deep neural networks, we further design a novel Dual-Domain Deep Convolutional Coding Network (D3C2-Net) for CS imaging with the capability of transmitting high-throughput feature-level image representation through all the unfolded stages. Experiments on natural and MR images demonstrate that our D3C2-Net achieves higher performance and better accuracy-complexity trade-offs than other state-of-the-arts.      
### 25.A Hybrid Deep Animation Codec for Low-bitrate Video Conferencing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13530.pdf)
>  Deep generative models, and particularly facial animation schemes, can be used in video conferencing applications to efficiently compress a video through a sparse set of keypoints, without the need to transmit dense motion vectors. While these schemes bring significant coding gains over conventional video codecs at low bitrates, their performance saturates quickly when the available bandwidth increases. In this paper, we propose a layered, hybrid coding scheme to overcome this limitation. Specifically, we extend a codec based on facial animation by adding an auxiliary stream consisting of a very low bitrate version of the video, obtained through a conventional video codec (e.g., HEVC). The animated and auxiliary videos are combined through a novel fusion module. Our results show consistent average BD-Rate gains in excess of -30% on a large dataset of video conferencing sequences, extending the operational range of bitrates of a facial animation codec alone      
### 26.UltimateKalman: Flexible Kalman Filtering and Smoothing Using Orthogonal Transformations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13526.pdf)
>  UltimateKalman is a flexible linear Kalman filter and smoother implemented in three popular programming languages: MATLAB, C, and Java. UltimateKalman is a slight simplification and slight generalization of an elegant Kalman filter and smoother that was proposed in 1977 by Paige and Saunders. Their algorithm appears to be numerically superior and more flexible than other Kalman filters and smoothers, but curiously has never been implemented or used before. UltimateKalman is flexible: it can easily handle time-dependent problems, problems with state vectors whose dimensions vary from step to step, problems with varying number of observations in different steps (or no observations at all in some steps), and problems in which the expectation of the initial state is unknown. The programming interface of UltimateKalman is broken into simple building blocks that can be used to construct filters, single or multi-step predictors, multi-step or whole-track smoothers, and combinations. The paper describes the algorithm and its implementation as well as with a test suite of examples and tests.      
### 27.End-To-End Audiovisual Feature Fusion for Active Speaker Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13434.pdf)
>  Active speaker detection plays a vital role in human-machine interaction. Recently, a few end-to-end audiovisual frameworks emerged. However, these models' inference time was not explored and are not applicable for real-time applications due to their complexity and large input size. In addition, they explored a similar feature extraction strategy that employs the ConvNet on audio and visual inputs. This work presents a novel two-stream end-to-end framework fusing features extracted from images via VGG-M with raw Mel Frequency Cepstrum Coefficients features extracted from the audio waveform. The network has two BiGRU layers attached to each stream to handle each stream's temporal dynamic before fusion. After fusion, one BiGRU layer is attached to model the joint temporal dynamics. The experiment result on the AVA-ActiveSpeaker dataset indicates that our new feature extraction strategy shows more robustness to noisy signals and better inference time than models that employed ConvNet on both modalities. The proposed model predicts within 44.41 ms, which is fast enough for real-time applications. Our best-performing model attained 88.929% accuracy, nearly the same detection result as state-of-the-art -work.      
### 28.TransNorm: Transformer Provides a Strong Spatial Normalization Mechanism for a Deep Segmentation Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13415.pdf)
>  In the past few years, convolutional neural networks (CNNs), particularly U-Net, have been the prevailing technique in the medical image processing era. Specifically, the seminal U-Net, as well as its alternatives, have successfully managed to address a wide variety of medical image segmentation tasks. However, these architectures are intrinsically imperfect as they fail to exhibit long-range interactions and spatial dependencies leading to a severe performance drop in the segmentation of medical images with variable shapes and structures. Transformers, preliminary proposed for sequence-to-sequence prediction, have arisen as surrogate architectures to precisely model global information assisted by the self-attention mechanism. Despite being feasibly designed, utilizing a pure Transformer for image segmentation purposes can result in limited localization capacity stemming from inadequate low-level features. Thus, a line of research strives to design robust variants of Transformer-based U-Net. In this paper, we propose Trans-Norm, a novel deep segmentation framework which concomitantly consolidates a Transformer module into both encoder and skip-connections of the standard U-Net. We argue that the expedient design of skip-connections can be crucial for accurate segmentation as it can assist in feature fusion between the expanding and contracting paths. In this respect, we derive a Spatial Normalization mechanism from the Transformer module to adaptively recalibrate the skip connection path. Extensive experiments across three typical tasks for medical image segmentation demonstrate the effectiveness of TransNorm. The codes and trained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rezazad68/transnorm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Railway cyber-security in the era of interconnected systems: a survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13412.pdf)
>  Technological advances in the telecommunications industry have brought significant advantages in the management and performance of communication networks. The railway industry, where signaling systems are now fully computerized, is among the ones that have benefited the most. These interconnected systems, however, have a wide area exposed to cyberattacks. This survey examines the cybersecurity aspects of railway signaling systems by considering the standards, guidelines, and frameworks most widely used in the industry. We dedicate specific attention to communication networks since data communication systems are essential to signaling architectures. To this end, we explore using dedicated cyber ranges as an enabling technology to model attacks to computer networks, emulate attack-defense scenarios, study vulnerabilities impact in general, and finally devise countermeasures to them.      
### 30.Unbiased Active Inference for Classical Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13409.pdf)
>  Active inference is a mathematical framework that originated in computational neuroscience. Recently, it has been demonstrated as a promising approach for constructing goal-driven behavior in robotics. Specifically, the active inference controller (AIC) has been successful on several continuous control and state-estimation tasks. Despite its relative success, some established design choices lead to a number of practical limitations for robot control. These include having a biased estimate of the state, and only an implicit model of control actions. In this paper, we highlight these limitations and propose an extended version of the unbiased active inference controller (u-AIC). The u-AIC maintains all the compelling benefits of the AIC and removes its limitations. Simulation results on a 2-DOF arm and experiments on a real 7-DOF manipulator show the improved performance of the u-AIC with respect to the standard AIC. The code can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cpezzato/unbiased_aic" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Symbol Rate and Carries Estimation in OFDM Framework: A high Accuracy Technique under Low SNR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13385.pdf)
>  Under a low Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR), the Orthogonal Frequency-Division Multiplexing (OFDM) signal symbol rate is limited. Existing carrier number estimation algorithms lack adequate methods to deal with low SNR. This paper proposes an algorithm with a low error rate under low SNR by correlating the signal and applying a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) operation. By improving existing algorithms, we improve the performance of the OFDM carrier count algorithm. The performance of the OFDM's useful symbol time estimation algorithm is improved by estimating the number of carriers and symbol rate.      
### 32.Traffic Sign Detection With Event Cameras and DCNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13345.pdf)
>  In recent years, event cameras (DVS - Dynamic Vision Sensors) have been used in vision systems as an alternative or supplement to traditional cameras. They are characterised by high dynamic range, high temporal resolution, low latency, and reliable performance in limited lighting conditions -- parameters that are particularly important in the context of advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and self-driving cars. In this work, we test whether these rather novel sensors can be applied to the popular task of traffic sign detection. To this end, we analyse different representations of the event data: event frame, event frequency, and the exponentially decaying time surface, and apply video frame reconstruction using a deep neural network called FireNet. We use the deep convolutional neural network YOLOv4 as a detector. For particular representations, we obtain a detection accuracy in the range of 86.9-88.9% mAP@0.5. The use of a fusion of the considered representations allows us to obtain a detector with higher accuracy of 89.9% mAP@0.5. In comparison, the detector for the frames reconstructed with FireNet is characterised by an accuracy of 72.67% mAP@0.5. The results obtained illustrate the potential of event cameras in automotive applications, either as standalone sensors or in close cooperation with typical frame-based cameras.      
### 33.Inverse Airborne Optical Sectioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13344.pdf)
>  We present Inverse Airborne Optical Sectioning (IAOS) an optical analogy to Inverse Synthetic Aperture Radar (ISAR). Moving targets, such as walking people, that are heavily occluded by vegetation can be made visible and tracked with a stationary optical sensor (e.g., a hovering camera drone above forest). We introduce the principles of IAOS (i.e., inverse synthetic aperture imaging), explain how the signal of occluders can be further suppressed by filtering the Radon transform of the image integral, and present how targets motion parameters can be estimated manually and automatically. Finally, we show that while tracking occluded targets in conventional aerial images is infeasible, it becomes efficiently possible in integral images that result from IAOS.      
### 34.Fast optical refocusing through multimode fiber bend using Cake-Cutting Hadamard encoding algorithm to improve robustness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13334.pdf)
>  Multimode fibres offer the advantages of high resolution and miniaturization over single mode fibers in the field of optical imaging. However, multimode fibre's imaging is susceptible to perturbations of MMF that can lead to secondary spatial distortions in the transmitted image. Perturbations include random disturbances in the fiber as well as environmental noise. Here, we exploit the fast focusing capability of the Cake-Cutting Hadamard coding algorithm to counteract the effects of perturbations and improve the system's robustness. Simulation shows that it can approach the theoretical enhancement at 2000 measurements. Experimental results show that the algorithm can help the system to refocus in a short time when MMFs are perturbed. This research will further contribute to using multimode fibres in medicine, communication, and detection.      
### 35.Point Cloud Attacks in Graph Spectral Domain: When 3D Geometry Meets Graph Signal Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13326.pdf)
>  With the increasing attention in various 3D safety-critical applications, point cloud learning models have been shown to be vulnerable to adversarial attacks. Although existing 3D attack methods achieve high success rates, they delve into the data space with point-wise perturbation, which may neglect the geometric characteristics. Instead, we propose point cloud attacks from a new perspective -- the graph spectral domain attack, aiming to perturb graph transform coefficients in the spectral domain that corresponds to varying certain geometric structure. Specifically, leveraging on graph signal processing, we first adaptively transform the coordinates of points onto the spectral domain via graph Fourier transform (GFT) for compact representation. Then, we analyze the influence of different spectral bands on the geometric structure, based on which we propose to perturb the GFT coefficients via a learnable graph spectral filter. Considering the low-frequency components mainly contribute to the rough shape of the 3D object, we further introduce a low-frequency constraint to limit perturbations within imperceptible high-frequency components. Finally, the adversarial point cloud is generated by transforming the perturbed spectral representation back to the data domain via the inverse GFT. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed attack in terms of both the imperceptibility and attack success rates.      
### 36.Arbitrary unitary rotation of three-dimensional pixellated images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13308.pdf)
>  Using the coefficients introduced by Bargmann and Moshinsky for the reduction of the su($3$) algebra of Cartesian three-dimensional oscillator multiplet states into so($3$) angular momentum submultiplets, we implement unitary rotations of three-dimensional Cartesian arrays that form finite pixellated "volume images." Transforming between the Cartesian and spherical bases, the subgroup of rotations in the latter is converted into rotations of the former, allowing for proper concatenation and inversion of these unitary transformations, which entail no loss of information.      
### 37.Back in the US-SR: Unlimited Sampling and Sparse Super-Resolution with its Hardware Validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13230.pdf)
>  The Unlimited Sensing Framework (USF) is a digital acquisition protocol that allows for sampling and reconstruction of high dynamic range signals. By acquiring modulo samples, the USF circumvents the clipping or saturation problem that is a fundamental bottleneck in conventional analog-to-digital converters (ADCs). In the context of the USF, several works have focused on bandlimited function classes and recently, a hardware validation of the modulo sampling approach has been presented. In a different direction, in this paper we focus on non-bandlimited function classes and consider the well-known super-resolution problem; we study the recovery of sparse signals (Dirac impulses) from low-pass filtered, modulo samples. Taking an end-to-end approach to USF based super-resolution, we present a novel recovery algorithm (US-SR) that leverages a doubly sparse structure of the modulo samples. We derive a sampling criterion for the US-SR method. A hardware experiment with the modulo ADC demonstrates the empirical robustness of our method in a realistic, noisy setting, thus validating its practical utility.      
### 38.XADLiME: eXplainable Alzheimer's Disease Likelihood Map Estimation via Clinically-guided Prototype Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13223.pdf)
>  Diagnosing Alzheimer's disease (AD) involves a deliberate diagnostic process owing to its innate traits of irreversibility with subtle and gradual progression. These characteristics make AD biomarker identification from structural brain imaging (e.g., structural MRI) scans quite challenging. Furthermore, there is a high possibility of getting entangled with normal aging. We propose a novel deep-learning approach through eXplainable AD Likelihood Map Estimation (XADLiME) for AD progression modeling over 3D sMRIs using clinically-guided prototype learning. Specifically, we establish a set of topologically-aware prototypes onto the clusters of latent clinical features, uncovering an AD spectrum manifold. We then measure the similarities between latent clinical features and well-established prototypes, estimating a "pseudo" likelihood map. By considering this pseudo map as an enriched reference, we employ an estimating network to estimate the AD likelihood map over a 3D sMRI scan. Additionally, we promote the explainability of such a likelihood map by revealing a comprehensible overview from two perspectives: clinical and morphological. During the inference, this estimated likelihood map served as a substitute over unseen sMRI scans for effectively conducting the downstream task while providing thorough explainable states.      
### 39.Global Incremental Flight Control for Agile Maneuvering of a Tailsitter Flying Wing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13218.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel control law for accurate tracking of agile trajectories using a tailsitter flying wing unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) that transitions between vertical take-off and landing (VTOL) and forward flight. The global control formulation enables maneuvering throughout the flight envelope, including uncoordinated flight with sideslip. Differential flatness of the nonlinear tailsitter dynamics with a simplified aerodynamics model is shown. Using the flatness transform, the proposed controller incorporates tracking of the position reference along with its derivatives velocity, acceleration and jerk, as well as the yaw reference and yaw rate. The inclusion of jerk and yaw rate references through an angular velocity feedforward term improves tracking of trajectories with fast-changing accelerations. The controller does not depend on extensive aerodynamic modeling but instead uses incremental nonlinear dynamic inversion (INDI) to compute control updates based on only a local input-output relation, resulting in robustness against discrepancies in the simplified aerodynamics equations. Exact inversion of the nonlinear input-output relation is achieved through the derived flatness transform. The resulting control algorithm is extensively evaluated in flight tests, where it demonstrates accurate trajectory tracking and challenging agile maneuvers, such as sideways flight and aggressive transitions while turning.      
### 40.Perception-Aware Attack: Creating Adversarial Music via Reverse-Engineering Human Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13192.pdf)
>  Recently, adversarial machine learning attacks have posed serious security threats against practical audio signal classification systems, including speech recognition, speaker recognition, and music copyright detection. Previous studies have mainly focused on ensuring the effectiveness of attacking an audio signal classifier via creating a small noise-like perturbation on the original signal. It is still unclear if an attacker is able to create audio signal perturbations that can be well perceived by human beings in addition to its attack effectiveness. This is particularly important for music signals as they are carefully crafted with human-enjoyable audio characteristics. <br>In this work, we formulate the adversarial attack against music signals as a new perception-aware attack framework, which integrates human study into adversarial attack design. Specifically, we conduct a human study to quantify the human perception with respect to a change of a music signal. We invite human participants to rate their perceived deviation based on pairs of original and perturbed music signals, and reverse-engineer the human perception process by regression analysis to predict the human-perceived deviation given a perturbed signal. The perception-aware attack is then formulated as an optimization problem that finds an optimal perturbation signal to minimize the prediction of perceived deviation from the regressed human perception model. We use the perception-aware framework to design a realistic adversarial music attack against YouTube's copyright detector. Experiments show that the perception-aware attack produces adversarial music with significantly better perceptual quality than prior work.      
### 41.Inverse-designed Metastructures Together with Reconfigurable Couplers to Compute Forward Scattering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13189.pdf)
>  Wave-based analog computing in the forms of inverse-designed metastructures and the meshes of Mach-Zehnder interferometers (MZI) have recently received considerable attention due to their capability in emulating linear operators, performing vector-matrix multiplication, inverting matrices, and solving integral and differential equations, via electromagnetic wave interaction and manipulation in such structures. Here, we combine these two platforms to propose a wave-based metadevice that can compute scattered fields in electromagnetic forward scattering problems. The proposed device consists of two sub-systems: a set of reconfigurable couplers with a proper feedback system and an inverse-designed inhomogeneous material block. The first sub-system computes the magnitude and phase of the dipole polarization induced in the scatterers when illuminated with a given incident wave (matrix inversion). The second sub-system computes the magnitude and phase of the scattered fields at given detection points (vector-matrix multiplication). We discuss the functionality of this metadevice, and through several examples, we theoretically evaluate its performance by comparing the simulation results of this device with full-wave numerical simulations and numerically evaluated matrix inversion. We also highlight that since the first section is reconfigurable, the proposed device can be used for different permittivity distributions of the scatterer and different incident excitations without changing the inverse-designed section. Our proposed device may provide a versatile platform for rapid computation in various scattering scenarios.      
### 42.SAR-to-EO Image Translation with Multi-Conditional Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13184.pdf)
>  This paper explores the use of multi-conditional adversarial networks for SAR-to-EO image translation. Previous methods condition adversarial networks only on the input SAR. We show that incorporating multiple complementary modalities such as Google maps and IR can further improve SAR-to-EO image translation especially on preserving sharp edges of manmade objects. We demonstrate effectiveness of our approach on a diverse set of datasets including SEN12MS, DFC2020, and SpaceNet6. Our experimental results suggest that additional information provided by complementary modalities improves the performance of SAR-to-EO image translation compared to the models trained on paired SAR and EO data only. To best of our knowledge, our approach is the first to leverage multiple modalities for improving SAR-to-EO image translation performance.      
### 43.TINYCD: A (Not So) Deep Learning Model For Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2207.13159.pdf)
>  The aim of change detection (CD) is to detect changes occurred in the same area by comparing two images of that place taken at different times. The challenging part of the CD is to keep track of the changes the user wants to highlight, such as new buildings, and to ignore changes due to external factors such as environmental, lighting condition, fog or seasonal changes. Recent developments in the field of deep learning enabled researchers to achieve outstanding performance in this area. In particular, different mechanisms of space-time attention allowed to exploit the spatial features that are extracted from the models and to correlate them also in a temporal way by exploiting both the available images. The downside is that the models have become increasingly complex and large, often unfeasible for edge applications. These are limitations when the models must be applied to the industrial field or in applications requiring real-time performances. In this work we propose a novel model, called TinyCD, demonstrating to be both lightweight and effective, able to achieve performances comparable or even superior to the current state of the art with 13-150X fewer parameters. In our approach we have exploited the importance of low-level features to compare images. To do this, we use only few backbone blocks. This strategy allow us to keep the number of network parameters low. To compose the features extracted from the two images, we introduce a novel, economical in terms of parameters, mixing block capable of cross correlating features in both space and time domains. Finally, to fully exploit the information contained in the computed features, we define the PW-MLP block able to perform a pixel wise classification. Source code, models and results are available here: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AndreaCodegoni/Tiny_model_4_CD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
