# ArXiv eess --Fri, 13 Aug 2021
### 1.An efficient approach for tracking the aerosol-cloud interactions formed by ship emissions using GOES-R satellite imagery and AIS ship tracking information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05882.pdf)
>  Ship emissions can form linear cloud features, or ship tracks, when atmospheric water vapor condenses on aerosols in the ship exhaust. These features are of interest because they are observable and traceable examples of marine cloud brightening, a mechanism that has been studied as a potential approach for solar climate intervention. Ship tracks can be observed throughout the diurnal cycle via space-borne assets like the Advanced Baseline Imagers on the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellites, the GOES-R series. Due to complex atmospheric dynamics, it can be difficult to track these aerosol perturbations over space and time to precisely characterize how long a single emission source can significantly contribute to indirect radiative forcing. We combine GOES-17 satellite imagery with ship location information to demonstrate two feasible methods of tracing the trajectories of ship-emitted aerosols after they begin mixing with low boundary layer clouds in three test cases. The first method uses the parcel trajectory model HYSPLIT, which was driven by well-studied physical processes but often could not follow the ship track beyond 8 hours. The second method uses the image processing technique, optical flow, which could follow the track throughout its lifetime, but requires high contrast features for best performance. These approaches show that ship tracks persist as visible, linear features beyond 9 hr and sometimes longer than 24 hr. This research sets the stage for a more thorough exploration of the atmospheric conditions and exhaust compositions that produce ship tracks and factors that determine track persistence.      
### 2.Necessary and sufficient stability conditions for integral delay systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05854.pdf)
>  A Lyapunov-Krasovskii functional with prescribed derivative whose construction does not require the stability of the system is introduced. It leads to the presentation of stability/instability theorems. By evaluating the functional at initial conditions depending on the fundamental matrix we are able to present necessary and sufficient stability conditions expressed exclusively in terms of the delay Lyapunov matrix for integral delay systems. Some examples illustrate and validate the stability conditions.      
### 3.A unified framework for coordination of thermostatically controlled loads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05840.pdf)
>  A collection of thermostatically controlled loads (TCLs) -- such as air conditioners and water heaters -- can vary their power consumption within limits to help the balancing authority of a power grid maintain demand supply balance. Doing so requires loads to coordinate their on/off decisions so that the aggregate power consumption profile tracks a grid-supplied reference. At the same time, each consumer's quality of service (QoS) must be maintained. While there is a large body of work on TCL coordination, there are several limitations. One is that they do not provide guarantees on the reference tracking performance and QoS maintenance. A second limitation of past work is that they do not provide a means to compute a suitable reference signal for power demand of a collection of TCLs. In this work we provide a framework that addresses these weaknesses. The framework enables coordination of an arbitrary number of TCLs that: (i) is computationally efficient, (ii) is implementable at the TCLs with local feedback and low communication, and (iii) enables reference tracking by the collection while ensuring that temperature and cycling constraints are satisfied at every TCL at all times. The framework is based on a Markov model obtained by discretizing a pair of Fokker-Planck equations derived in earlier work by Malhame and Chong [21]. We then use this model to design randomized policies for TCLs. The balancing authority broadcasts the same policy to all TCLs, and each TCL implements this policy which requires only local measurement to make on/off decisions. Simulation results are provided to support these claims.      
### 4.Data-Driven Scheduling of Electric Boiler with Thermal Storage for Providing Power Balancing Service  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05743.pdf)
>  The rapid development of renewable energy has increased the peak to valley difference of the netload, making the netload following being a new challenge to the power system. Electric boiler with thermal storage (EBTS) occupies a non-negligible part of the load in the winter season in Northern China. EBTS operation optimization can not only save its own energy cost but also reduce the peak shaving and valley filling pressure of the system. To this end, the operation optimization of EBTS for providing the power balancing service is studied in this paper, which mainly includes three parts: First, the joint probability distribution between the predicted and actual temperatures is built by utilizing the Copula theory; Secondly, the actual temperatures are sampled based on the predicted temperatures of the next day, and the scenario set is generated by clustering these samples, where K-means clustering method are used; Thirdly, the stochastic operation optimization model of EBTS considering the uncertainty of outdoor temperature is constructed. Through the case study, it is found that the proposed method can save the total operation cost of the EBTS compared with the deterministic EBTS operation optimization model.      
### 5.2.5D Thermometry Maps for MRI-guided Tumor Ablation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05734.pdf)
>  Fast and reliable monitoring of volumetric heat distribution during MRI-guided tumor ablation is an urgent clinical need. In this work, we introduce a method for generating 2.5D thermometry maps from uniformly distributed 2D MRI phase images rotated around the applicator's main axis. The images can be fetched directly from the MR device, reducing the delay between image acquisition and visualization. For reconstruction, we use a weighted interpolation on a cylindric coordinate representation to calculate the heat value of voxels in a region of interest. A pilot study on 13 ex vivo bio protein phantoms with flexible tubes to simulate a heat sink effect was conducted to evaluate our method. After thermal ablation, we compared the measured coagulation zone extracted from the post-treatment MR data set with the output of the 2.5D thermometry map. The results show a mean Dice score of 0.75+-0.07, a sensitivity of 0.77+-0.03, and a reconstruction time within 18.02ms+-5.91ms. Future steps should address improving temporal resolution and accuracy, e.g., incorporating advanced bioheat transfer simulations.      
### 6.Xi-Vector Embedding for Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05679.pdf)
>  We present a Bayesian formulation for deep speaker embedding, wherein the xi-vector is the Bayesian counterpart of the x-vector, taking into account the uncertainty estimate. On the technology front, we offer a simple and straightforward extension to the now widely used x-vector. It consists of an auxiliary neural net predicting the frame-wise uncertainty of the input sequence. We show that the proposed extension leads to substantial improvement across all operating points, with a significant reduction in error rates and detection cost. On the theoretical front, our proposal integrates the Bayesian formulation of linear Gaussian model to speaker-embedding neural networks via the pooling layer. In one sense, our proposal integrates the Bayesian formulation of the i-vector to that of the x-vector. Hence, we refer to the embedding as the xi-vector, which is pronounced as /zai/ vector. Experimental results on the SITW evaluation set show a consistent improvement of over 17.5% in equal-error-rate and 10.9% in minimum detection cost.      
### 7.An Extreme Learning Machine-Based System Frequency Nadir Constraint Linearization Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05673.pdf)
>  Large-scale integration of converter-based renewable energy sources (RESs) into the power system will lead to a higher risk of frequency nadir limit violation and even frequency instability after the large power disturbance. Therefore, it is essential to consider the frequency nadir constraint (FNC) in power system scheduling. Nevertheless, the FNC is highly nonlinear and non-convex. The state-of-the-art method to simplify the constraint is to construct a low-order frequency response model at first, and then linearize the frequency nadir equation. In this letter, an extreme learning machine (ELM)-based network is built to de-rive the linear formulation of FNC, where the two-step fitting process is integrated into one training process and more details about the physical model of the generator are considered to reduce the fitting error. Simulation results show the superiority of the proposed method on the fitting accuracy.      
### 8.Automatic Generation Control Considering Uncertainties of the Key Parameters in the Frequency Response Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05672.pdf)
>  The highly fluctuated renewable generations and electric vehicles have undergone tremendous growth in recent years. The majority of them are connected to the grid via power electronic devices, resulting in wide variation ranges for several key parameters in the frequency response model (FRM) such as system inertia and load damping factor. In this paper, an automatic generation control (AGC) method considering the uncertainties of these key parameters is proposed. First, the historical power system operation data following large power disturbances are used to identify the FRM key parameters offline. Second, the offline identification results and the normal operation data prior to the occurrence of the disturbance are used to train the online probability estimation model of the FRM key parameters. Third, the online estimation results of the FRM key parameters are used as the input, and the model predictive-based AGC signal optimization method is developed based on distributionally robust optimization (DRO) technology. Case studies conducted on the IEEE 118-Bus System show that the proposed AGC method outperforms the widely utilized PI-based control method in terms of performance and efficiency.      
### 9.Deep Learning-based Time-varying Channel Estimation for RIS Assisted Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05661.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is considered as a revolutionary technology for future wireless communication networks. In this letter, we consider the acquisition of the time-varying cascaded channels, which is a challenging task due to the massive number of passive RIS elements and the small channel coherence time. To reduce the pilot overhead, a deep learning-based channel extrapolation is implemented over both antenna and time domains. We divide the neural network into two parts, i.e., the time-domain and the antenna-domain extrapolation networks, where the neural ordinary differential equations (ODE) are utilized. In the former, ODE accurately describes the dynamics of the RIS channels and improves the recurrent neural network's performance of time series reconstruction. In the latter, ODE is resorted to modify the relations among different data layers in a feedforward neural network. We cascade the two networks and jointly train them. Simulation results show that the proposed scheme can effectively extrapolate the cascaded RIS channels in high mobility scenario.      
### 10.Measuring LTI System Resilience against Adversarial Disturbances based on Efficient Generalized Eigenvalue Computations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05588.pdf)
>  Resilient systems are able to recover quickly and easily from disturbed system states that might result from hazardous events or malicious attacks. In this paper a novel resilience metric for linear time invariant systems is proposed: the minimum control energy required to disturb the system is set into relation to the minimum control energy needed to recover. This definition extends known disturbance rejection metrics considering random effects to account for adversar?ial disturbances. The worst-case disturbance and the related resilience index can be computed efficiently via solving a gen?eralized eigenvalue problem that depends on the controllability Gramians of the control and disturbance inputs. The novel metric allows improving system resilience by optimizing the restorative control structure or by hardening the system against specific attack options. The new approach is demonstrated for a coupled mechanical system.      
### 11.Converging Radar and Communications in the Superposition Transmission  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05583.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a superposition transmission scheme for the future Radio Frequency (RF) convergence applications. The scheme is discussed under the assumption of a mono-static broadcasting channel topology. Under communications quality-of-service (QoS) constraints, the joint performance region of communications sum rate and radar estimation error variance is studied. Two radar signal waveforms, namely linear FM and parabolic FM, are used to investigate how signal shapes may influence the estimation accuracy. Both waveforms are generated with rectangular envelope. In the end, a numerical analysis is applied, which concludes that a moderate communications QoS promises a good communications fairness while with the limited radar performance degradation.      
### 12.Development of Simulation-based Lane Change Control System for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05543.pdf)
>  Originally, the decision and control of the lane change of the vehicle were on the human driver. In previous studies, the decision-making of lane-changing of the human drivers was mainly used to increase the individual's benefit. However, the lane-changing behavior of these human drivers can sometimes have a bad influence on the overall traffic flow. As technology for autonomous vehicles develop, lane changing action as well as lane changing decision making fall within the control category of autonomous vehicles. However, since many of the current lane-changing decision algorithms of autonomous vehicles are based on the human driver model, it is hard to know the potential traffic impact of such lane change. Therefore, in this study, we focused on the decision-making of lane change considering traffic flow, and accordingly, we study the lane change control system considering the whole traffic flow. In this research, the lane change control system predicts the future traffic situation through the cell transition model, one of the most popular macroscopic traffic simulation models, and determines the change probability of each lane that minimizes the total time delay through the genetic algorithm. The lane change control system then conveys the change probability to this vehicle. In the macroscopic simulation result, the proposed control system reduced the overall travel time delay. The proposed system is applied to microscopic traffic simulation, the oversaturated freeway traffic flow algorithm (OFFA), to evaluate the potential performance when it is applied to the actual traffic system. In the traffic flow-density, the maximum traffic flow has been shown to be increased, and the points in the congestion area have also been greatly reduced. Overall, the time required for individual vehicles was reduced.      
### 13.Flow-Aware Platoon Formation of Connected Automated Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05530.pdf)
>  Connected Automated Vehicles (CAVs) bring promise of increasing traffic capacity and energy efficiency by forming platoons with short headways on the road. However at low CAV penetration, the capacity gain will be small because the CAVs that randomly enter the road will be sparsely distributed, diminishing the probability of forming long platoons. Many researchers propose to solve this issue by platoon organization strategies, where the CAVs search for other CAVs on the road and change lanes if necessary to form longer platoons. However, the current literature does not analyze a potential risk of platoon organization in disrupting the flow and reducing the capacity by inducing more lane changes. In this research, we use driving model of Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control (CACC) vehicles and human-driven vehicles that are validated with field experiments and find that platoon organization can indeed drop the capacity with more lane changes. But when the traffic demand is well below capacity, platoon organization forms longer CAV platoons without reducing the flow. Based on this finding, we develop the Flow-Aware platoon organization strategy, where the CAVs perform platoon organization conditionally on the local traffic state, i.e., a low flow and a high speed. We simulate the Flow-Aware platoon organization on a realistic freeway network and show that the CAVs successfully form longer platoons, while ensuring a maximal traffic flow.      
### 14.Dereverberation of Autoregressive Envelopes for Far-field Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05520.pdf)
>  The task of speech recognition in far-field environments is adversely affected by the reverberant artifacts that elicit as the temporal smearing of the sub-band envelopes. In this paper, we develop a neural model for speech dereverberation using the long-term sub-band envelopes of speech. The sub-band envelopes are derived using frequency domain linear prediction (FDLP) which performs an autoregressive estimation of the Hilbert envelopes. The neural dereverberation model estimates the envelope gain which when applied to reverberant signals suppresses the late reflection components in the far-field signal. The dereverberated envelopes are used for feature extraction in speech recognition. Further, the sequence of steps involved in envelope dereverberation, feature extraction and acoustic modeling for ASR can be implemented as a single neural processing pipeline which allows the joint learning of the dereverberation network and the acoustic model. Several experiments are performed on the REVERB challenge dataset, CHiME-3 dataset and VOiCES dataset. In these experiments, the joint learning of envelope dereverberation and acoustic model yields significant performance improvements over the baseline ASR system based on log-mel spectrogram as well as other past approaches for dereverberation (average relative improvements of 10-24% over the baseline system). A detailed analysis on the choice of hyper-parameters and the cost function involved in envelope dereverberation is also provided.      
### 15.Mispronunciation Detection and Correction via Discrete Acoustic Units  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05517.pdf)
>  Computer-Assisted Pronunciation Training (CAPT) plays an important role in language learning. However, conventional CAPT methods cannot effectively use non-native utterances for supervised training because the ground truth pronunciation needs expensive annotation. Meanwhile, certain undefined nonnative phonemes cannot be correctly classified into standard phonemes. To solve these problems, we use the vector-quantized variational autoencoder (VQ-VAE) to encode the speech into discrete acoustic units in a self-supervised manner. Based on these units, we propose a novel method that integrates both discriminative and generative models. The proposed method can detect mispronunciation and generate the correct pronunciation at the same time. Experiments on the L2-Arctic dataset show that the detection F1 score is improved by 9.58% relatively compared with recognition-based methods. The proposed method also achieves a comparable word error rate (WER) and the best style preservation for mispronunciation correction compared with text-to-speech (TTS) methods.      
### 16.Impact of Subcarrier Allocation and User Mobility on the Uplink Performance of Massive MIMO-OFDMA Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05485.pdf)
>  This paper considers the uplink performance of a massive multiple-input multiple-output orthogonal frequency-division multiple access (MIMO-OFDMA) system with mobile users. Mobility brings two major problems to a MIMO-OFDMA system: inter carrier interference (ICI) and channel aging. In practice, it is common to allot multiple contiguous subcarriers to a user as well as schedule multiple users on each subcarrier. Motivated by this, we consider a general subcarrier allocation scheme and derive expressions for the ICI power, uplink signal to interference plus noise ratio and the achievable uplink sum-rate. We show that the system incurs a near-constant ICI power that depends linearly on the ratio of the number of users to the number of subcarriers employed, irrespective of how UEs distribute their power across the subcarriers. Further, we exploit the coherence bandwidth of the channel to reduce the length of the pilot sequences required for uplink channel estimation. We consider both zero-forcing processing and maximal ratio combining at the receiver and compare the respective sum-rate performances. In either case, the proposed subcarrier allocation scheme leads to significantly higher sum-rates compared to previous work, owing to the constant ICI as well as the reduced pilot overhead.      
### 17.Speed Control of DC Motor Using Fuzzy PID Controller  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05450.pdf)
>  In this project, we designed a DC motor whose speed can be controlled by a PID controller. The proportional, integral and derivative gains (KP, KI, KD) of the PID controller are adjusted according to Fuzzy logic. First of all, the fuzzy logic controller is designed according to rules so that the systems is basically robust. There are 25 rules for the auto-tuning of each parameter of the PID controller. The FLC (fuzzy logic controller) has two inputs. The first is the motor speed error between the reference (setpoint) and the actual speed. The second is the variation of the speed error (derivative of the speed error). Secondly the output of the FLC is the parameters of the PID controller which are used to control the speed of the DC motor. The study shows that both the precise characters of PID controllers and the flexible characters of fuzzy controllers are present in the fuzzy self-tuning PID controller. The fuzzy auto-tuning approach implemented on a conventional PID structure was able to control the speed of the DC motor. It also improved the dynamic and static response of the system. The comparison between the conventional response and the fuzzy self-tuning response was performed based on the simulation result obtained by MATLAB/SIMULINK. <br>The simulation results show that the designed self-adaptive PID controller achieves good dynamic behavior of the DC motor, perfect speed tracking with short rise and settling times, zero overshoot and steady state error and thus gives better performance compared to the conventional PID controller. We then model the fuzzy PID using simple code on Arduino IDE and perform a practical experiment, to confirm our theorical results.      
### 18.Gradient Ascent Algorithm for Enhancing Secrecy Rate in Wireless Communications for Smart Grid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05446.pdf)
>  The emerging Internet of Things (IoT) and bidirectional communications in smart grid are expected to improve smart grid capabilities and electricity management. Because of massive number of IoT devices in smart grid, size of the data to be transmitted increases, that demands a high data rate to meet the real-time smart grid communications requirements. Sub-6 GHz, millimeter-wave (mmWave) technologies, and massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) technologies can meet high data rate demands. However, IoT enabled smart grid is still subject to various security challenges such as eavesdropping, where attackers attempt to overhear the transmitted signals and the jamming attack, where the attacker perturbs the received signals at the receiver. In this paper, our goal is to investigate jamming and eavesdropping attacks while improving secrecy capacity for smart grid communications. Specifically, we propose to employ a hybrid beamforming design for wireless communications in smart energy grid. In previous works, the secrecy capacity is increased by randomly augmenting the source power or setting the system combiners. Unlike state-of-the-art, we design and evaluate the Gradient Ascent algorithm to search for the best combiners/waveform that maximizes the secrecy capacity in smart grid communications. We also study two different optimization scenarios by considering both fixed and variable transmit power. Numerical results are used for performance evaluation and supporting our formal analysis.      
### 19.Challenges and Opportunities of Future Rural Wireless Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05405.pdf)
>  Broadband access is key to ensuring robust economic development and improving quality of life. Unfortunately, the communication infrastructure deployed in rural areas throughout the world lags behind its urban counterparts due to low population density and economics. This article examines the motivations and challenges of providing broadband access over vast rural regions, with an emphasis on the wireless aspect in view of its irreplaceable role in closing the digital gap. Applications and opportunities for future rural wireless communications are discussed for a variety of areas, including residential welfare, digital agriculture, and transportation. This article also comprehensively investigates current and emerging wireless technologies that could facilitate rural deployment. Although there is no simple solution, there is an urgent need for researchers to work on coverage, cost, and reliability of rural wireless access.      
### 20.Distributional Depth-Based Estimation of Object Articulation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05875.pdf)
>  We propose a method that efficiently learns distributions over articulation model parameters directly from depth images without the need to know articulation model categories a priori. By contrast, existing methods that learn articulation models from raw observations typically only predict point estimates of the model parameters, which are insufficient to guarantee the safe manipulation of articulated objects. Our core contributions include a novel representation for distributions over rigid body transformations and articulation model parameters based on screw theory, von Mises-Fisher distributions, and Stiefel manifolds. Combining these concepts allows for an efficient, mathematically sound representation that implicitly satisfies the constraints that rigid body transformations and articulations must adhere to. Leveraging this representation, we introduce a novel deep learning based approach, DUST-net, that performs category-independent articulation model estimation while also providing model uncertainties. We evaluate our approach on several benchmarking datasets and real-world objects and compare its performance with two current state-of-the-art methods. Our results demonstrate that DUST-net can successfully learn distributions over articulation models for novel objects across articulation model categories, which generate point estimates with better accuracy than state-of-the-art methods and effectively capture the uncertainty over predicted model parameters due to noisy inputs.      
### 21.A Semi-Lagrangian Approach for the Minimal Exposure Path Problem in Wireless Sensor Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05868.pdf)
>  A critical metric of the coverage quality in Wireless Sensor Networks (WSNs) is the Minimal Exposure Path (MEP), a path through the environment that least exposes an intruder to the sensor detecting nodes. Many approaches have been proposed in the last decades to solve this optimization problem, ranging from classic (grid-based and Voronoi-based) planners to genetic meta-heuristics. However, most of them are limited to specific sensing models and obstacle-free spaces. Still, none of them guarantee an optimal solution, and the state-of-the-art is expensive in terms of run-time. Therefore, in this paper, we propose a novel method that models the MEP as an Optimal Control problem and solves it by using a Semi-Lagrangian approach. This framework is shown to converge to the optimal MEP while also incorporates different homogeneous and heterogeneous sensor models and geometric constraints (obstacles). Experiments show that our method dominates the state-of-the-art, improving the results by approximately 10% with a relatively lower execution time.      
### 22.City-wide modeling of Vehicle-to-Grid Economics to Understand Effects of Battery Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05837.pdf)
>  Vehicle-to-grid (V2G) is a promising approach to solve the problem of grid-level intermittent supply and demand mismatch, caused due to renewable energy resources, because it uses the existing resource of electric vehicle (EV) batteries as the energy storage medium. EV battery design together with an impetus on profitability for participating EV owners is pivotal for V2G success. To better understand what battery device parameters are most important for V2G adoption, we model the economics of V2G process under realistic conditions. Most previous studies that perform V2G economic analysis, assume ideal driving conditions, use linear battery degradation models, or only consider V2G for ancillary services. Our model accounts realistic battery degradation, empirical charging efficiencies, for randomness in commute behavior, and historic hourly electricity prices in six cities in the United States. We model user behavior with Bayesian optimization to provide a best-case scenario for V2G. Across all cities, we find that charging rate and efficiency are the most important factors that determine EV users' profits. Surprisingly, EV battery cost and thus degradation due to cycling has little effect. These findings should help focus research on figures of merit that better reflect real usage of batteries in a V2G economy.      
### 23.From market-ready ROVs to low-cost AUVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05792.pdf)
>  Autonomous Underwater Vehicles (AUVs) are becoming increasingly important for different types of industrial applications. The generally high cost of (AUVs) restricts the access to them and therefore advances in research and technological development. However, recent advances have led to lower cost commercially available Remotely Operated Vehicles (ROVs), which present a platform that can be enhanced to enable a high degree of autonomy, similar to that of a high-end (AUV). In this article, we present how a low-cost commercial-off-the-shelf (ROV) can be used as a foundation for developing versatile and affordable (AUVs). We introduce the required hardware modifications to obtain a system capable of autonomous operations as well as the necessary software modules. Additionally, we present a set of use cases exhibiting the versatility of the developed platform for intervention and mapping tasks.      
### 24.Exploration of lane-changing duration for heavy vehicles and passenger cars: a survival analysis approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05710.pdf)
>  Lane-changing (LC) behavior describes the lateral movement of the vehicle from the current-lane to the target-lane while proceeding forward. Among the many research directions, LC duration (LCD) measures the total time it takes for a vehicle to travel from the current lane to the target lane, which is an indispensable indicator to characterize the LC behavior. Although existing research has made some achievements, less attention has been paid to the research of heavy vehicles' LCD. Therefore, this paper aims to further explore the LCD between heavy vehicles and passenger cars. LC trajectories are extracted from the newly-released HighD dataset, which contains of 16.5 hours of measurement and over 11,000 vehicles. The survival function of LCD has been estimated, and the characteristic has been analyzed. Thereafter, the Accelerated Failure Time model is introduced to explore the influencing factors. Results demonstrate that the MST value of passenger cars and heavy vehicles is about 5.51s and 6.08s. The heavy vehicles would maintain a longer time-headway and distance-headway with preceding vehicle when performing LC. Nevertheless, these two factors do not significantly affect the LCD of heavy vehicles. Finally, the results and the modeling implications have been discussed. We hope this paper could contribute to our further understanding of the LC behaviors for heavy vehicles and passenger cars.      
### 25.RW-Resnet: A Novel Speech Anti-Spoofing Model Using Raw Waveform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05684.pdf)
>  In recent years, synthetic speech generated by advanced text-to-speech (TTS) and voice conversion (VC) systems has caused great harms to automatic speaker verification (ASV) systems, urging us to design a synthetic speech detection system to protect ASV systems. In this paper, we propose a new speech anti-spoofing model named ResWavegram-Resnet (RW-Resnet). The model contains two parts, Conv1D Resblocks and backbone Resnet34. The Conv1D Resblock is based on the Conv1D block with a residual connection. For the first part, we use the raw waveform as input and feed it to the stacked Conv1D Resblocks to get the ResWavegram. Compared with traditional methods, ResWavegram keeps all the information from the audio signal and has a stronger ability in extracting features. For the second part, the extracted features are fed to the backbone Resnet34 for the spoofed or bonafide decision. The ASVspoof2019 logical access (LA) corpus is used to evaluate our proposed RW-Resnet. Experimental results show that the RW-Resnet achieves better performance than other state-of-the-art anti-spoofing models, which illustrates its effectiveness in detecting synthetic speech attacks.      
### 26.Optimal actuator design via Brunovsky's normal form  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05629.pdf)
>  In this paper, by using the Brunovsky normal form, we provide a reformulation of the problem consisting in finding the actuator design which minimizes the controllability cost for finite-dimensional linear systems with scalar controls. Such systems may be seen as spatially discretized linear partial differential equations with lumped controls. The change of coordinates induced by Brunovsky's normal form allows us to remove the restriction of having to work with diagonalizable system dynamics, and does not entail a randomization procedure as done in past literature on diffusion equations or waves. Instead, the optimization problem reduces to a minimization of the norm of the inverse of a change of basis matrix, and allows for an easy deduction of existence of solutions, and for a clearer picture of some of the problem's intrinsic symmetries. Numerical experiments help to visualize these artifacts, indicate further open problems, and also show a possible obstruction of using gradient-based algorithms - this is alleviated by using an evolutionary algorithm.      
### 27.Deep Camera Obscura: An Image Restoration Pipeline for Lensless Pinhole Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05563.pdf)
>  The lensless pinhole camera is perhaps the earliest and simplest form of an imaging system using only a pinhole-sized aperture in place of a lens. They can capture an infinite depth-of-field and offer greater freedom from optical distortion over their lens-based counterparts. However, the inherent limitations of a pinhole system result in lower sharpness from blur caused by optical diffraction and higher noise levels due to low light throughput of the small aperture, requiring very long exposure times to capture well-exposed images. In this paper, we explore an image restoration pipeline using deep learning and domain-knowledge of the pinhole system to enhance the pinhole image quality through a joint denoise and deblur approach. Our approach allows for more practical exposure times for hand-held photography and provides higher image quality, making it more suitable for daily photography compared to other lensless cameras while keeping size and cost low. This opens up the potential of pinhole cameras to be used in smaller devices, such as smartphones.      
### 28.Deep Neural Network Voice Activity Detector for Downsampled Audio Data: An Experiment Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05553.pdf)
>  Sociometric badges are an emerging technology for study how teams interact in physical places. Audio data recorded by sociometric badges is often downsampled to not record discussions of the sociometric badges holders. To gain more information about interactions inside teams with sociometric badges a Voice Activity Detector (VAD) is deployed to measure verbal activity of the interaction. Detecting voice activity from downsampled audio data is challenging because down-sampling destroys information from the data. We developed a VAD using deep learning techniques that achieves only moderate accuracy in a low noise meeting setting and in across variable noise levels despite excellent validation performance. Experiences and lessons learned while developing the VAD are discussed.      
### 29.On The Compensation Between Magnitude and Phase in Speech Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05470.pdf)
>  Deep neural network (DNN) based end-to-end optimization in the complex time-frequency (T-F) domain or time domain has shown considerable potential in monaural speech separation. Many recent studies optimize loss functions defined solely in the time or complex domain, without including a loss on magnitude. Although such loss functions typically produce better scores if the evaluation metrics are objective time-domain metrics, they however produce worse scores on speech quality and intelligibility metrics and usually lead to worse speech recognition performance, compared with including a loss on magnitude. While this phenomenon has been experimentally observed by many studies, it is often not accurately explained and there lacks a thorough understanding on its fundamental cause. This paper provides a novel view from the perspective of the implicit compensation between estimated magnitude and phase. Analytical results based on monaural speech separation and robust automatic speech recognition (ASR) tasks in noisy-reverberant conditions support the validity of our view.      
