# ArXiv eess --Thu, 12 Aug 2021
### 1.Uniform Complete Observability of Mass and Rotational Inertial Parameters in Adaptive Identification of Rigid-Body Plant Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05297.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the long-standing open problem of observability of mass and inertia plant parameters in the adaptive identification (AID) of second-order nonlinear models of 6 degree-of-freedom rigid-body dynamical systems subject to externally applied forces and moments. Although stable methods for AID of plant parameters for this class of systems, as well numerous approaches to stable model-based direct adaptive trajectory-tracking control of such systems, have been reported, these studies have been unable to prove analytically that the adaptive parameter estimates converge to the true plant parameter values. This paper reports necessary and sufficient conditions for the uniform complete observability (UCO) of 6-DOF plant inertial parameters for a stable adaptive identifier for this class of systems. When the UCO condition is satisfied, the adaptive parameter estimates are shown to converge to the true plant parameter values. To the best of our knowledge this is the first reported proof for this class of systems of UCO of plant parameters and for convergence of adaptive parameter estimates to true parameter values. <br>We also report a numerical simulation study of this AID approach which shows that (a) the UCO condition can be met for fully-actuated plants as well as underactuated plants with the proper choice of control input and (b) convergence of adaptive parameter estimates to the true parameter values. We conjecture that this approach can be extended to include other parameters that appear rigid body plant models including parameters for drag, buoyancy, added mass, bias, and actuators.      
### 2.Semantic Mobile Base Station Placement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05287.pdf)
>  Location of Base Stations (BS) in mobile networks plays an important role in coverage and received signal strength. As Internet ofThings (IoT), autonomous vehicles and smart cities evolve, wireless net-work coverage will have an important role in ensuring seamless connectivity. Due to use of higher carrier frequencies, blockages cause communication to primarily be Line of Sight (LoS), increasing the importance of base station placement. In this paper, we propose a novel placement pipeline in which we perform semantic segmentation of aerial drone imagery using DeepLabv3+ and create its 2.5D model with the help ofDigital Surface Model (DSM). This is used along with Vienna simulator for finding the best location for deploying base stations by formulating the problem as a multi-objective function and solving it using Non-Dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA-II). The case with and without prior deployed base station is considered. We evaluate the basestation deployment based on Signal to Interference Noise Ratio (SINR)coverage probability and user down-link throughput. This is followed by comparison with other base station placement methods and the bene-fits offered by our approach. Our work is novel as it considers scenarios where there is high ground elevation and building density variation, and shows that irregular BS placement improves coverage.      
### 3.Welch-GAN: Generating realistic photoplethysmography signal from frequency-domain for atrial fibrillation detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05272.pdf)
>  Training machine learning algorithms from a small and imbalanced dataset is often a daunting challenge in medical research. However, it has been shown that the synthetic data generated by data augmentation techniques can enlarge the dataset and contribute to alleviating the imbalance situation. In this study, we propose a novel generative adversarial network (GAN) architecture-Welch-GAN and focused on examining how its influence on classifier performance is related to signal quality and class imbalance within the context of photoplethysmography (PPG)-based atrial fibrillation (AF) detection. Pulse oximetry data were collected from 126 adult patients and augmented using the permutation technique to build a large training set for training an AF detection model based on a one-dimensional residual neural network. To test the model, PPG data were collected from 13 stroke patients and utilized. Four data augmentation methods, including both traditional and GANs, are leveraged as baseline in this study. Three different experiments are designed to investigate each data augmentation methods from the aspect of performance gain, robustness to motion artifact and training sample size, respectively. Compared to the un-augmented data, by training the same AF classification algorithm using augmented data, the AF detection accuracy was significantly improved from 80.36% to over 90% with no compromise on sensitivity nor on negative predicted value. Within each data augmentation techniques, Welch-GAN has shown around 3% superiority in terms of AF detection accuracy compared to the baseline methods, which suggests the state-of-the-art of our proposed Welch-GAN.      
### 4.Stability and Convergence of Stochastic Particle Flow Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05255.pdf)
>  In this paper, we examine dynamic properties of particle flows for a recently derived parameterized family of stochastic particle flow filters for nonlinear filtering and Bayesian inference. In particular, we establish that particles maintain desired posterior distribution without the Gaussian assumption on measurement likelihood. Adopting the concept of Lyapunov stability, we further show that particles stay close but do not converge to the maximum likelihood estimate of the posterior distribution. The results demonstrate that stability of particle flows is maintained for this family of stochastic particle flow filters.      
### 5.Integrating process design and control using reinforcement learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05242.pdf)
>  To create efficient-high performing processes, one must find an optimal design with its corresponding controller that ensures optimal operation in the presence of uncertainty. When comparing different process designs, for the comparison to be meaningful, each design must involve its optimal operation. Therefore, to optimize a process' design, one must address design and control simultaneously. For this, one can formulate a bilevel optimization problem, with the design as the outer problem in the form of a mixed-integer nonlinear program (MINLP) and a stochastic optimal control as the inner problem. This is intractable by most approaches. In this paper we propose to compute the optimal control using reinforcement learning, and then embed this controller into the design problem. This allows to decouple the solution procedure, while having the same optimal result as if solving the bilevel problem. The approach is tested in two case studies and the performance of the controller is evaluated. The case studies indicate that the proposed approach outperforms current state-of-the-art simultaneous design and control strategies. This opens a new avenue to address simultaneous design and control of engineering systems.      
### 6.Microcontroller Based Load Monitoring System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05191.pdf)
>  The demand for power has increased exponentially over the last century. One avenue through which today's energy problems can be addressed is through the reduction of energy usage in households. This has increased the emphasis on the need for accurate and economic methods of power measurement. The goal of providing such data is to optimize and reduce their power consumption. In view of this, the present manuscript focuses on the design and implementation of precise and reliable load monitoring system using PIC microcontroller chip (PIC16F877A). This involves an accurate sensing of voltage, current and power factor of the load. A clever utilization of in-built ADC and timers of the microcontroller reduces the design complexity of the system. The proposed system monitors the load continuously on a real time basis and displays the parameters such as voltage, current, power factor, active, reactive and apparent powers in an LCD module. The use of microcontroller reduces the cost and makes the device compact. The proposed system has been implemented and tested in the laboratory for single phase loads.      
### 7.Does Explicit Prediction Matter in Energy Management Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05099.pdf)
>  As a model-free optimization and decision-making method, deep reinforcement learning (DRL) has been widely applied to the filed of energy management in energy Internet. While, some DRL-based energy management schemes also incorporate the prediction module used by the traditional model-based methods, which seems to be unnecessary and even adverse. In this work, we present the standard DRL-based energy management scheme with and without prediction. Then, these two schemes are compared in the unified energy management framework. The simulation results demonstrate that the energy management scheme without prediction is superior over the scheme with prediction. This work intends to rectify the misuse of DRL methods in the field of energy management.      
### 8.Ensuring Reliable Connectivity to Cellular-Connected UAVs with Uptilted Antennas and Interference Coordination  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05090.pdf)
>  To integrate unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in future large-scale deployments, a new wireless communication paradigm, namely, cellular-connected UAV has recently attracted interest. However, the line-of-sight dominant air-to-ground channels along with the antenna pattern of the cellular ground base stations (GBSs) introduce critical interference issues in cellular-connected UAV communications. In particular, the complex antenna pattern and the ground reflection (GR) from the downtilted antennas create both coverage holes and patchy coverage for the UAVs in the sky, which leads to unreliable connectivity from the underlying cellular network. To overcome these challenges, in this paper, we propose a new cellular architecture that employs an extra set of co-channel antennas oriented towards the sky to support UAVs on top of the existing downtilted antennas for ground user equipment (GUE). To model the GR stemming from the downtilted antennas, we propose a path-loss model, which takes both antenna radiation pattern and configuration into account. Next, we formulate an optimization problem to maximize the minimum signal-to-interference ratio (SIR) of the UAVs by tuning the uptilt (UT) angles of the uptilted antennas. Since this is an NP-hard problem, we propose a genetic algorithm (GA) based heuristic method to optimize the UT angles of these antennas. After obtaining the optimal UT angles, we integrate the 3GPP Release-10 specified enhanced inter-cell interference coordination (eICIC) to reduce the interference stemming from the downtilted antennas. Our simulation results based on the hexagonal cell layout show that the proposed interference mitigation method can ensure higher minimum SIRs for the UAVs over baseline methods while creating minimal impact on the SIR of GUEs.      
### 9.Millimeter-Wave NR-U and WiGig Coexistence: Joint User Grouping, Beam Coordination and Power Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05084.pdf)
>  Millimeter wave (mmWave) communication is a promising New Radio in Unlicensed (NR-U) technology to meet with the ever-increasing data rate and connectivity requirements in future wireless networks. However, the development of NR-U networks should consider the coexistence with the incumbent Wireless Gigabit (WiGig) networks. In this paper, we introduce a novel multiple-input multiple-output non-orthogonal multiple access (MIMO-NOMA) based mmWave NR-U and WiGig coexistence network for uplink transmission. Our aim for the proposed coexistence network is to maximize the spectral efficiency while ensuring the strict NR-U delay requirement and the WiGig transmission performance in real time environments. A joint user grouping, hybrid beam coordination and power control strategy is proposed, which is formulated as a Lyapunov optimization based mixed-integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) with unit-modulus and nonconvex coupling constraints. Hence, we introduce a penalty dual decomposition (PDD) framework, which first transfers the formulated MINLP into a tractable augmented Lagrangian (AL) problem. Thereafter, we integrate both convex-concave procedure (CCCP) and inexact block coordinate update (BCU) methods to approximately decompose the AL problem into multiple nested convex subproblems, which can be iteratively solved under the PDD framework. Numerical results illustrate the performance improvement ability of the proposed strategy, as well as demonstrate the effectiveness to guarantee the NR-U traffic delay and WiGig network performance.      
### 10.Multi-Objective Optimization of Electric Vehicle Charging Schedule with Time of Use Tariff  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05062.pdf)
>  The increased uptake of electric vehicles (EVs) leads to increased demand for electricity, and sometime pressure to power grids. Uncoordinated charging of EVs may result in putting pressure on distribution networks, and often some form of optimisation is required in the charging process. Optimal coordinated charging is a multi-objective optimisation problem in nature, with objective functions such as minimum price charging and minimum disruptions to the grid. In this manuscript, we propose a general multi-objective EV charging/discharging schedule (MOEVCS) framework, where the time of use (TOU) tariff is designed according to the load request at each time stamp. To obtain the optimal scheduling scheme and balance the competing benefits from different stakeholders, such as EV owners, EV charging stations (EVCS), and the grid operator, we design three conflicting objective functions including EV owner cost, EVCS profit, and the network impact. Moreover, we create four application scenarios with different charging request distributions over the investigated periods. We use a constraint multi-objective evolutionary algorithm (MOEA) to solve the problem. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of MOEVCS in making a balance between three conflicting objectives.      
### 11.Dual-Functional Radar-Communication Waveform Design: A Symbol-Level Precoding Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05043.pdf)
>  Dual-functional radar-communication (DFRC) systems can simultaneously perform both radar and communication functionalities using the same hardware platform and spectrum resource. In this paper, we consider multi-input multi-output (MIMO) DFRC systems and focus on transmit beamforming designs to provide both radar sensing and multi-user communications. Unlike conventional block-level precoding techniques, we propose to use the recently emerged symbol-level precoding approach in DFRC systems, which provides additional degrees of freedom (DoFs) that guarantee preferable instantaneous transmit beampatterns for radar sensing and achieve better communication performance. In particular, the squared error between the designed and desired beampatterns is minimized subject to the quality-of-service (QoS) requirements of the communication users and the constant-modulus power constraint. Two efficient algorithms are developed to solve this non-convex problem on both the Euclidean and Riemannian spaces. The first algorithm employs penalty dual decomposition (PDD), majorization-minimization (MM), and block coordinate descent (BCD) methods to convert the original optimization problem into two solvable sub-problems, and iteratively solves them using efficient algorithms. The second algorithm provides a much faster solution at the price of a slight performance loss, first transforming the original problem into Riemannian space, and then utilizing the augmented Lagrangian method (ALM) to obtain an unconstrained problem that is subsequently solved via a Riemannian Broyden-Fletcher-Goldfarb-Shanno (RBFGS) algorithm. Extensive simulations verify the distinct advantages of the proposed symbol-level precoding designs in both radar sensing and multi-user communications.      
### 12.One-Sided Box Filter for Edge Preserving Image Smoothing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05021.pdf)
>  Image smoothing is a fundamental task in signal processing. For such task, box filter is well-known. However, box filter can not keep some features of the signal, such as edges, corners and the jump in the step function. In this paper, we present a one-sided box filter that can smooth the signal but keep the discontinuous features in the signal. More specifically, we perform box filter on eight one-sided windows, leading to a one-sided box filter that can preserve corners and edges. Our filter inherits the constant $O(1)$ computational complexity of the original box filter with respect to the window size and also the linear $O(N)$ computational complexity with respect to the total number of samples. We performance several experiments to show the efficiency and effectiveness of this filter. We further compare our filter with other the-state-of-the-art edge preserving methods. Our filter can be deployed in a large range of applications where the classical box filter is adopted.      
### 13.6G Internet of Things: A Comprehensive Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04973.pdf)
>  The sixth generation (6G) wireless communication networks are envisioned to revolutionize customer services and applications via the Internet of Things (IoT) towards a future of fully intelligent and autonomous systems. In this article, we explore the emerging opportunities brought by 6G technologies in IoT networks and applications, by conducting a holistic survey on the convergence of 6G and IoT. We first shed light on some of the most fundamental 6G technologies that are expected to empower future IoT networks, including edge intelligence, reconfigurable intelligent surfaces, space-air-ground-underwater communications, Terahertz communications, massive ultra-reliable and low-latency communications, and blockchain. Particularly, compared to the other related survey papers, we provide an in-depth discussion of the roles of 6G in a wide range of prospective IoT applications via five key domains, namely Healthcare Internet of Things, Vehicular Internet of Things and Autonomous Driving, Unmanned Aerial Vehicles, Satellite Internet of Things, and Industrial Internet of Things. Finally, we highlight interesting research challenges and point out potential directions to spur further research in this promising area.      
### 14.Circulant Shift-based Beamforming for Secure Communication with Low-resolution Phased Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04942.pdf)
>  Millimeter wave (mmWave) technology can achieve high-speed communication due to the large available spectrum. Furthermore, the use of directional beams in mmWave system provides a natural defense against physical layer security attacks. In practice, however, the beams are imperfect due to mmWave hardware limitations such as the low-resolution of the phase shifters. These imperfections in the beam pattern introduce an energy leakage that can be exploited by an eavesdropper. To defend against such eavesdropping attacks, we propose a directional modulation-based defense technique where the transmitter applies random circulant shifts of a beamformer. We show that the use of random circulant shifts together with appropriate phase adjustment induces artificial phase noise (APN) in the directions different from that of the target receiver. Our method corrupts the phase at the eavesdropper without affecting the communication link of the target receiver. We also experimentally verify the APN induced due to circulant shifts, using channel measurements from a 2-bit mmWave phased array testbed. Using simulations, we study the performance of the proposed defense technique against a greedy eavesdropping strategy in a vehicle-to-infrastructure scenario. The proposed technique achieves better defense than the antenna subset modulation, without compromising on the communication link with the target receiver.      
### 15.Spectrum Shaping For Multiple Link Discovery in 6G THz Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04932.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel antenna configuration to measure directions of multiple signal sources at the receiver in a THz mobile network via a single channel measurement. Directional communication is an intrinsic attribute of THz wireless networks and the knowledge of direction should be harvested continuously to maintain link quality. Direction discovery can potentially impose an immense burden on the network that limits its communication capacity exceedingly. To utterly mitigate direction discovery overhead, we propose a novel technique called spectrum shaping capable of measuring direction, power, and relative distance of propagation paths via a single measurement. We demonstrate that the proposed technique is also able to measure the transmitter antenna orientation. We evaluate the performance of the proposed design in several scenarios and show that the introduced technique performs similar to a large array of antennas while attaining a much simpler hardware architecture. Results show that the spectrum shaping with only two antennas placed 0.5 mm, 5 mm, and 1 cm apart performs direction of arrival estimation similar to a much more complex uniform linear array equipped with 7, 60, and 120 antennas, respectively.      
### 16.Practical Challenges in Real-time Demand Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04836.pdf)
>  We report on a real-time demand response experiment with 100 controllable devices. The experiment reveals several key challenges in the deployment of a real-time demand response program, including time delays, uncertainties, characterization errors, multiple timescales, and nonlinearity, which have been largely ignored in previous studies. To resolve these practical issues, we develop and implement a two-level multi-loop control structure integrating feed-forward proportional-integral controllers and optimization solvers in closed loops, which eliminates steady-state errors and improves the dynamical performance of the overall building response. The proposed methods are validated by Hardware-in-the-Loop (HiL) tests.      
### 17.Capture Uncertainties in Deep Neural Networks for Safe Operation of Autonomous Driving Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05118.pdf)
>  Uncertainties in Deep Neural Network (DNN)-based perception and vehicle's motion pose challenges to the development of safe autonomous driving vehicles. In this paper, we propose a safe motion planning framework featuring the quantification and propagation of DNN-based perception uncertainties and motion uncertainties. Contributions of this work are twofold: (1) A Bayesian Deep Neural network model which detects 3D objects and quantitatively captures the associated aleatoric and epistemic uncertainties of DNNs; (2) An uncertainty-aware motion planning algorithm (PU-RRT) that accounts for uncertainties in object detection and ego-vehicle's motion. The proposed approaches are validated via simulated complex scenarios built in CARLA. Experimental results show that the proposed motion planning scheme can cope with uncertainties of DNN-based perception and vehicle motion, and improve the operational safety of autonomous vehicles while still achieving desirable efficiency.      
### 18.DQ-GAT: Towards Safe and Efficient Autonomous Driving with Deep Q-Learning and Graph Attention Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05030.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving in multi-agent and dynamic traffic scenarios is challenging, where the behaviors of other road agents are uncertain and hard to model explicitly, and the ego-vehicle should apply complicated negotiation skills with them to achieve both safe and efficient driving in various settings, such as giving way, merging and taking turns. Traditional planning methods are largely rule-based and scale poorly in these complex dynamic scenarios, often leading to reactive or even overly conservative behaviors. Therefore, they require tedious human efforts to maintain workability. Recently, deep learning-based methods have shown promising results with better generalization capability but less hand engineering effort. However, they are either implemented with supervised imitation learning (IL) that suffers from the dataset bias and distribution mismatch problems, or trained with deep reinforcement learning (DRL) but focus on one specific traffic scenario. In this work, we propose DQ-GAT to achieve scalable and proactive autonomous driving, where graph attention-based networks are used to implicitly model interactions, and asynchronous deep Q-learning is employed to train the network end-to-end in an unsupervised manner. Extensive experiments through a high-fidelity driving simulation show that our method can better trade-off safety and efficiency in both seen and unseen scenarios, achieving higher goal success rates than the baselines (at most 4.7$\times$) with comparable task completion time. Demonstration videos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://caipeide.github.io/dq-gat/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 19.Learning strange attractors with reservoir systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.05024.pdf)
>  This paper shows that the celebrated Embedding Theorem of Takens is a particular case of a much more general statement according to which, randomly generated linear state-space representations of generic observations of an invertible dynamical system carry in their wake an embedding of the phase space dynamics into the chosen Euclidean state space. This embedding coincides with a natural generalized synchronization that arises in this setup and that yields a topological conjugacy between the state-space dynamics driven by the generic observations of the dynamical system and the dynamical system itself. This result provides additional tools for the representation, learning, and analysis of chaotic attractors and sheds additional light on the reservoir computing phenomenon that appears in the context of recurrent neural networks.      
### 20.Fun-SAT: Functional Corruptibility-Guided SAT-Based Attack on Sequential Logic Encryption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04892.pdf)
>  The SAT attack has shown to be efficient against most combinational logic encryption methods. It can be extended to attack sequential logic encryption techniques by leveraging circuit unrolling and model checking methods. However, with no guidance on the number of times that a circuit needs to be unrolled to find the correct key, the attack tends to solve many time-consuming Boolean satisfiability (SAT) and model checking problems, which can significantly hamper its efficiency. In this paper, we introduce Fun-SAT, a functional corruptibility-guided SAT-based attack that can significantly decrease the SAT solving and model checking time of a SAT-based attack on sequential encryption by efficiently estimating the minimum required number of circuit unrollings. Fun-SAT relies on a notion of functional corruptibility for encrypted sequential circuits and its relationship with the required number of circuit unrollings in a SAT-based attack. Numerical results show that Fun-SAT can be, on average, 90x faster than previous attacks against state-of-the-art encryption methods, when both attacks successfully complete before a one-day time-out. Moreover, Fun-SAT completes before the time-out on many more circuits.      
### 21.A Novel Markovian Framework for Integrating Absolute and Relative Ordinal Emotion Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04605.pdf)
>  There is growing interest in affective computing for the representation and prediction of emotions along ordinal scales. However, the term ordinal emotion label has been used to refer to both absolute notions such as low or high arousal, as well as relation notions such as arousal is higher at one instance compared to another. In this paper, we introduce the terminology absolute and relative ordinal labels to make this distinction clear and investigate both with a view to integrate them and exploit their complementary nature. We propose a Markovian framework referred to as Dynamic Ordinal Markov Model (DOMM) that makes use of both absolute and relative ordinal information, to improve speech based ordinal emotion prediction. Finally, the proposed framework is validated on two speech corpora commonly used in affective computing, the RECOLA and the IEMOCAP databases, across a range of system configurations. The results consistently indicate that integrating relative ordinal information improves absolute ordinal emotion prediction.      
