# ArXiv eess --Tue, 10 Aug 2021
### 1.Multiscale Wavelet Transfer Entropy with Application to Corticomuscular Coupling Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04152.pdf)
>  Objective: Functional coupling between the motor cortex and muscle activity is commonly detected and quantified by cortico-muscular coherence (CMC) or Granger causality (GC) analysis, which are applicable only to linear couplings and are not sufficiently sensitive: some healthy subjects show no significant CMC and GC, and yet have good motor skills. The objective of this work is to develop measures of functional cortico-muscular coupling that have improved sensitivity and are capable of detecting both linear and non-linear interactions. Methods: A multiscale wavelet transfer entropy (TE) methodology is proposed. The methodology relies on a dyadic stationary wavelet transform to decompose electroencephalogram (EEG) and electromyogram (EMG) signals into functional bands of neural oscillations. Then, it applies TE analysis based on a range of embedding delay vectors to detect and quantify intra- and cross-frequency band cortico-muscular coupling at different time scales. Results: Our experiments with neurophysiological signals substantiate the potential of the developed methodologies for detecting and quantifying information flow between EEG and EMG signals for subjects with and without significant CMC or GC, including non-linear cross-frequency interactions, and interactions across different temporal scales. The obtained results are in agreement with the underlying sensorimotor neurophysiology. Conclusion: These findings suggest that the concept of multiscale wavelet TE provides a comprehensive framework for analysing cortex-muscle interactions. Significance: The proposed methodologies will enable developing novel insights into movement control and neurophysiological processes more generally.      
### 2.Reachability Analysis of Neural Feedback Loops  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04140.pdf)
>  Neural Networks (NNs) can provide major empirical performance improvements for closed-loop systems, but they also introduce challenges in formally analyzing those systems' safety properties. In particular, this work focuses on estimating the forward reachable set of \textit{neural feedback loops} (closed-loop systems with NN controllers). Recent work provides bounds on these reachable sets, but the computationally tractable approaches yield overly conservative bounds (thus cannot be used to verify useful properties), and the methods that yield tighter bounds are too intensive for online computation. This work bridges the gap by formulating a convex optimization problem for the reachability analysis of closed-loop systems with NN controllers. While the solutions are less tight than previous (semidefinite program-based) methods, they are substantially faster to compute, and some of those computational time savings can be used to refine the bounds through new input set partitioning techniques, which is shown to dramatically reduce the tightness gap. The new framework is developed for systems with uncertainty (e.g., measurement and process noise) and nonlinearities (e.g., polynomial dynamics), and thus is shown to be applicable to real-world systems. To inform the design of an initial state set when only the target state set is known/specified, a novel algorithm for backward reachability analysis is also provided, which computes the set of states that are guaranteed to lead to the target set. The numerical experiments show that our approach (based on linear relaxations and partitioning) gives a $5\times$ reduction in conservatism in $150\times$ less computation time compared to the state-of-the-art. Furthermore, experiments on quadrotor, 270-state, and polynomial systems demonstrate the method's ability to handle uncertainty sources, high dimensionality, and nonlinear dynamics, respectively.      
### 3.Joint Active and Passive Beamforming for IRS-Assisted Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04095.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) is a promising technology being considered for future wireless communications due to its ability to control signal propagation. This paper considers the joint active and passive beamforming problem for an IRS-assisted radar, where multiple IRSs are deployed to assist the surveillance of multiple targets in cluttered environments. Specifically, we aim to maximize the minimum target illumination power at multiple target locations by jointly optimizing the active beamformer at the radar transmitter and the passive phase-shift matrices at the IRSs, subject to an upperbound on the clutter power at each clutter scatterer. The resulting optimization problem is nonconvex and solved with a sequential optimization procedure along with semedefinite relaxation (SDR). Simulation results show that IRSs can help create effective line-of-sight (LOS) paths and thus substantially improve the radar robustness against target blockage.      
### 4.Grid-Aware Provision and Activation of Fast and Slow Flexibilities from Distributed Resources in Low and Medium Voltage Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04073.pdf)
>  As more and more renewable intermittent generations are being connected to the distribution grid, the grid operators require more flexibility to maintain the balance between supply and demand. The intermittencies give rise to situations which require not only slow-ramping flexibility capability but also, fast-ramping flexibility capability from a variety of resources connected at the MV and LV distribution grids. Moreover, the intermittencies may increase the costs of grid reinforcement. Therefore, to defer the reinforcement of the grid assets, the grid needs to be operated optimally. This paper proposes - a) such an optimal operational methodology for the MV and LV grids; and b) an aggregated flexibility estimation methodology estimated separately for fast and slow services at the primary substation (TSO interface). The methodologies based on model-based MV grids and a sensitivity coefficients-based model-less LV grids are suitable for LV grids where an up-to-date and accurate model and topology are not always available. The approaches of the paper use the synchronised and accurate measurements from grid monitoring devices located at the LV distribution grids. It is assumed that the implementation of the methodology is centralised, where a grid monitoring device or a central platform is capable to host grid aware algorithms and to communicate control setpoints to DERs. The approaches have been validated on a real MV and LV networks of a Swiss DSO equipped with grid monitoring devices. The results, in terms of technical losses, grid violation costs and flexibility capability curve, show the efficacy of the optimal operation and flexibility estimation methodologies and therefore, can be easily deployed.      
### 5.A Streamwise GAN Vocoder for Wideband Speech Coding at Very Low Bit Rate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04051.pdf)
>  Recently, GAN vocoders have seen rapid progress in speech synthesis, starting to outperform autoregressive models in perceptual quality with much higher generation speed. However, autoregressive vocoders are still the common choice for neural generation of speech signals coded at very low bit rates. In this paper, we present a GAN vocoder which is able to generate wideband speech waveforms from parameters coded at 1.6 kbit/s. The proposed model is a modified version of the StyleMelGAN vocoder that can run in frame-by-frame manner, making it suitable for streaming applications. The experimental results show that the proposed model significantly outperforms prior autoregressive vocoders like LPCNet for very low bit rate speech coding, with computational complexity of about 5 GMACs, providing a new state of the art in this domain. Moreover, this streamwise adversarial vocoder delivers quality competitive to advanced speech codecs such as EVS at 5.9 kbit/s on clean speech, which motivates further usage of feed-forward fully-convolutional models for low bit rate speech coding.      
### 6.A Credibility-aware Swarm-Federated Deep Learning Framework in Internet of Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03981.pdf)
>  Federated Deep Learning (FDL) is helping to realize distributed machine learning in the Internet of Vehicles (IoV). However, FDL's global model needs multiple clients to upload learning model parameters, thus still existing unavoidable communication overhead and data privacy risks. The recently proposed Swarm Learning (SL) provides a decentralized machine-learning approach uniting edge computing and blockchain-based coordination without the need for a central coordinator. This paper proposes a Swarm-Federated Deep Learning framework in the IoV system (IoV-SFDL) that integrates SL into the FDL framework. The IoV-SFDL organizes vehicles to generate local SL models with adjacent vehicles based on the blockchain empowered SL, then aggregates the global FDL model among different SL groups with a proposed credibility weights prediction algorithm. Extensive experimental results demonstrate that compared with the baseline frameworks, the proposed IoV-SFDL framework achieves a 16.72% reduction in edge-to-global communication overhead while improving about 5.02% in model performance with the same training iterations.      
### 7.Efficient Majority Voting in Digital Hardware  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03979.pdf)
>  In recent years, machine learning methods became increasingly important for a manifold number of applications. However, they often suffer from high computational requirements impairing their efficient use in real-time systems, even when employing dedicated hardware accelerators. Ensemble learning methods are especially suitable for hardware acceleration since they can be constructed from individual learners of low complexity and thus offer large parallelization potential. For classification, the outputs of these learners are typically combined by majority voting, which often represents the bottleneck of a hardware accelerator for ensemble inference. In this work, we present a novel architecture that allows obtaining a majority decision in a number of clock cycles that is logarithmic in the number of inputs. We show, that for the example application of handwritten digit recognition a random forest processing engine employing this majority decision architecture implemented on an FPGA allows the classification of more than seven million images per second.      
### 8.End-to-End Speech Recognition With Joint Dereverberation Of Sub-Band Autoregressive Envelopes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03975.pdf)
>  The end-to-end (E2E) automatic speech recognition (ASR) offers several advantages over previous efforts for recognizing speech. However, in reverberant conditions, E2E ASR is a challenging task as the long-term sub-band envelopes of the reverberant speech are temporally smeared. In this paper, we develop a feature enhancement approach using a neural model operating on sub-band temporal envelopes. The temporal envelopes are modeled using the framework of frequency domain linear prediction (FDLP). The neural enhancement model proposed in this paper performs an envelope gain based enhancement of temporal envelopes. The model architecture consists of a combination of convolutional and long short term memory (LSTM) neural network layers. Further, the envelope dereverberation, feature extraction and acoustic modeling using transformer based E2E ASR can all be jointly optimized for the speech recognition task. The joint optimization ensures that the dereverberation model targets the ASR cost function. We perform E2E speech recognition experiments on the REVERB challenge dataset as well as on the VOiCES dataset. In these experiments, the proposed joint modeling approach yields significant improvements compared to baseline E2E ASR system (average relative improvements of 21% on the REVERB challenge dataset and about 10% on the VOiCES dataset).      
### 9.Distribution Grid Robust Operation under Forecast Uncertainties with Flexibility Estimation from Low Voltage Grids using a Monitoring and Control Equipment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03956.pdf)
>  Due to increased penetration of renewable resources in the distribution grid, the distribution system operator (DSO) faces increased challenges to maintain security and quality of supply. Since, a large proportion of renewables are intermittent generations, maintaining production and consumption balance of the electric system is at stake. The DSO needs to procure flexibilities not only from large resources, but also small-scale resources connected to the LV grid. Therefore, there is a need to estimate the aggregate flexibility at the secondary substation available from the LV grids. The flexibility estimation can only be achieved through monitoring of LV grid and the distributed energy resources (DERs) connected at the LV level. Moreover, the variability of intermittent resources affects the flexibility estimation methodology, and the DSO operation must be robust to the changes in generation or demand outputs. Furthermore, the up-to-date and accurate model of the LV grid is difficult to access. This paper demonstrates a methodology of estimating flexibility by sensitivity coefficients and thus, eliminating the need to have an up-to-date LV grid model. It further presents a robust optimisation based methodology for grid operation to address the impact of forecast uncertainties associated with the variable DER output. The methodologies illustrate the value of grid monitoring with a monitoring equipment. It has been validated on a real network of a Swiss DSO with several grid monitoring devices.      
### 10.Efficient distribution grid flexibility provision through model-based MV grid and model-less LV grid approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03955.pdf)
>  In order to maintain security and quality of supply while supporting increased intermittent generation and electrification of heating and transport at the LV grid, the provision of flexibility in the framework of distribution grid operation is pivotal. However, the availability of updated and accurate LV grid model is a challenge for the distribution system operator (DSO). This paper demonstrates a methodology of efficient flexibility provision and activation through a sensitivity coefficients-based model-less LV grid and a modelled MV grid approach. The paper further illustrates the value of monitoring and control through a LV DERMS platform for efficient realisation of this flexibility provision and activation. The methodology has been tested on a real MV and LV network of a Swiss DSO. The results show that there is a reduction of cost of operation for a DSO.      
### 11.Novel convex decomposition of piecewise affine functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03950.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel approach to decompose a given piecewise affine (PWA) function into two convex PWA functions. Convex decompositions are useful to speed up or distribute evaluations of PWA functions. Different approaches to construct a convex decomposition have already been published. However, either the two resulting convex functions have very high or very different complexities, which is often undesirable, or the decomposition procedure is inapplicable even for simple cases. Our novel methodology significantly reduces these drawbacks in order to extend the applicability of convex decompositions.      
### 12.Comparison of computing efficiency among FFT, CZT and Zoom FFT in THz-TDS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03948.pdf)
>  A study of alternative transforms to FFT in order to compare their potential to enhance resolution and computation time in the framework of THz time domain spectroscopy (THz-TDS) instruments is carried out. Both from simulated and experimental data it is shown that, as expected, resolution cannot be enhanced using CZT or Zoom FFT and, in terms of computing efficiency, FFT is in practical cases, the most efficient one.      
### 13.Reachability of Dimension-Bounded Linear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03889.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the reachability of dimension-bounded linear systems. First, the invariant time point t* and state dimensions of dimension-bounded linear systems are considered. Then two results about the t-step reachable subspace are presented according to properties of V-product and V-addition. In addition, an annihilator polynomial is used to discuss the relationship between the invariant space and the reachable subset after the invariant time point. Furthermore, an example is provided to show the relationship between reachable subspaces at times t* + i and t* + j.      
### 14.Coordination on Time-Varying Antagonistic Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03854.pdf)
>  This paper studies coordination problem for time-varying networks suffering from antagonistic information, quantified by scaling parameters. By such a manner, interacting property of the participating individuals and antagonistic information can be quantified in a fully decoupled perspective, thus benefiting from merely directed spanning tree hypothesis is needed, in the sense of usual algebraic graph theory. We start with rigorous argument on the existence of weighted gain, and then derive relation among weighted gain, scaling parameter and Laplacian matrix guaranteeing antagonistic information cannot diverge system state. Based on these arguments, we devise coordination algorithm constrained by topology-dependent average time condition, thus relaxing the examination of directed spanning tree requirement for the union graph that is usually intractable. Moreover, the induced theoretical results are applied to time-varying networks with several mutually uninfluenced agents, in accompanying with some discussions and comparisons with respect to the existing developments.      
### 15.Effectiveness of regional diffusion MRI measures in distinguishing multiple sclerosis abnormalities within the cervical spinal cord  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03827.pdf)
>  Multiple sclerosis is an inflammatory disorder of the central nervous system. Quantitative MRI has huge potential to provide intrinsic and normative values of tissue properties useful for diagnosis, prognosis and ultimately clinical follow-up of this disease. However, there is a large discrepancy between the clinical observations and how the pathology is exhibited in MRI brain scans. Complementary to brain imaging, the study of multiple sclerosis lesions in the spinal cord has recently gained interest as a potential marker for early physical impairment. Therefore, investigating how the spinal cord is damaged using quantitative imaging, in particular, diffusion MRI, becomes an acute challenge. In this work, we extract average diffusion MRI metrics per vertebral level from spinal cord data acquired from multiple clinical sites. The diffusion-based metrics involved are extracted from the diffusion tensor imaging and Ball-and-Stick models and quantified for every cervical vertebral level using a collection of image processing methods and an atlas-based approach. Then, we perform a statistical analysis study to characterize the feasibility of these metrics to detect lesions. Specifically, we study the usefulness of combining different metrics to improve the accuracy prediction score associated with the presence of multiple sclerosis lesions. We demonstrate the grade of sensitivity to underlying microstructure changes in MS patients of each metric. Ball-and-Stick provides novel information about the MS damage to tissue microstructure. In addition, we show that choosing a subset of metrics: [FA, RD, MD] and [FWW, MD, Stick-AD, RD], which bring complementary information, has significantly increased the prediction score of the presence of the MS lesion in the cervical spinal cord.      
### 16.Evaluation of distortion correction methods in diffusion MRI of the spinal cord  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03817.pdf)
>  Background: Magnetic field inhomogeneities generate important geometric distortions in reconstructed echo-planar images. Various procedures were proposed for correcting these distortions on brain images; yet, few neuroimaging studies tailored and incorporated the use of these techniques in spinal cord diffusion MRI. Purpose: We present a comparative evaluation of distortion correction methods that use the reversed gradient polarity technique on spinal cord. We propose novel geometric metrics to measure the alignment of the reconstructed diffusion model with the apparent centerline of the spinal cord. Subjects: 95 subjects, among which 29 healthy controls and 66 multiple sclerosis patients. Assessment: Geometric distortions were corrected using 4 state-of-the-art methods. We measured the alignment of the principal direction of diffusion with the apparent centerline of the spine after correction and the correlation with the reference anatomical image. Results are computed per vertebral level, to evaluate the impact on different portions of the spine. Besides, subjective evaluation of the quality of the correction of healthy subjects images was performed by three expert raters. Results: As a result of distortion correction, the diffusion directions are better aligned locally with the centerline, in particular at both ends of the acquisition window. The cross-correlation with anatomical image is also improved by Hyperelastic Susceptibility Artefact Correction (HySCO) and block-matching. The subjective evaluation for HySCO is significantly better (p &lt; 0.05) than for Block-Matching; TOPUP performs significantly worse than the three other methods. Conclusion: Correction based on HySCO provide best results among the selected methods.      
### 17.Dynamic Modelling of Combined Cycle Power Plant for Load Frequency Control With Large Penetration of Renewable Energy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03783.pdf)
>  As the concern about climate change and energy shortage grow stronger, the incorporation of renewable energy in the power system in the future is foreseeable. In a hybrid power system with a large penetration of PV generation, PV panel is regarded as a negative load in the power system. With the accurate prediction of PV output power, load frequency control could be done by controlling the thermal and hydro power plant in the system. Combined Cycle Power Plant is widely used because of its great advantages of fast response and high efficiency. This article is focusing on the mathematical modelling and analyzing of Combined Cycle Power Plant for the frequency control purpose in a model of hybrid system with large renewable energy generation.      
### 18.Mean-square Analysis of the NLMS Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03721.pdf)
>  This work presents a novel approach to the mean-square analysis of the normalized least mean squares (NLMS) algorithm for circular complex colored Gaussian inputs. The analysis is based on the derivation of a closed-form expression for the Cumulative Distribution Function (CDF) of random variables of the form $(||{\bf u}||_{{\bf D}_1}^2)(||{\bf u}||_{{\bf D}_2}^2)^{-1}$ where ${\bf u}$ is an isotropic vector and ${\bf D}_1$ and ${\bf D}_2$ are diagonal matrices and using that to derive some moments of these variables. These moments in turn completely characterize the mean-square behavior of the NLMS algorithm in explicit closed-form expressions. Specifically, the transient, steady-state, and tracking mean-square behavior of the NLMS algorithm is studied.      
### 19.Generalizing Dynamic Mode Decomposition: Balancing Accuracy and Expressiveness in Koopman Approximations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03712.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the data-driven approximation of unknown dynamical systems using Koopman-operator methods. Given a dictionary of functions, these methods approximate the projection of the action of the operator on the finite-dimensional subspace spanned by the dictionary. We propose the Tunable Symmetric Subspace Decomposition algorithm to refine the dictionary, balancing its expressiveness and accuracy. Expressiveness corresponds to the ability of the dictionary to describe the evolution of as many observables as possible and accuracy corresponds to the ability to correctly predict their evolution. Based on the observation that Koopman-invariant subspaces give rise to exact predictions, we reason that prediction accuracy is a function of the degree of invariance of the subspace generated by the dictionary and provide a data-driven measure to measure invariance proximity. The proposed algorithm iteratively prunes the initial functional space to identify a refined dictionary of functions that satisfies the desired level of accuracy while retaining as much of the original expressiveness as possible. We provide a full characterization of the algorithm properties and show that it generalizes both Extended Dynamic Mode Decomposition and Symmetric Subspace Decomposition. Simulations on planar systems show the effectiveness of the proposed methods in producing Koopman approximations of tunable accuracy that capture relevant information about the dynamical system.      
### 20.Event-driven Vision and Control for UAVs on a Neuromorphic Chip  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03694.pdf)
>  Event-based vision sensors achieve up to three orders of magnitude better speed vs. power consumption trade off in high-speed control of UAVs compared to conventional image sensors. Event-based cameras produce a sparse stream of events that can be processed more efficiently and with a lower latency than images, enabling ultra-fast vision-driven control. Here, we explore how an event-based vision algorithm can be implemented as a spiking neuronal network on a neuromorphic chip and used in a drone controller. We show how seamless integration of event-based perception on chip leads to even faster control rates and lower latency. In addition, we demonstrate how online adaptation of the SNN controller can be realised using on-chip learning. Our spiking neuronal network on chip is the first example of a neuromorphic vision-based controller solving a high-speed UAV control task. The excellent scalability of processing in neuromorphic hardware opens the possibility to solve more challenging visual tasks in the future and integrate visual perception in fast control loops.      
### 21.PAPR Reduction of FBMC Signals Based on Uniform and Linear PDF Companding Schemes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03608.pdf)
>  In this paper, two new companders are designed to reduce the ratio of peak to average power (PAPR) experienced by filter bank multicarrier (FBMC) signals. Specifically, the compander basic model is generalized, which alter the distributed FBMC signal amplitude peak. The proposed companders design approach provides better performance in terms of reducing the PAPR, Bit Error Rate (BER) and phase error degradation over the previously existing compander schemes. Many PAPR reduction approaches, such as the Mu-law companding technique, are also available. It results in the formation of spectrum side lobes, although the proposed techniques result in a spectrum with fewer side lobes. The theoretical analysis of linear compander and expander transform for a few specific parameters are derived and analyzed. The suggested linear companding technique is analytically analysed using simulations to show that it efficiently decreases the high peaks in the FBMC system. Keywords- BER, CCDF, Compander, FBMC, OQAM, PAPR, PSD.      
### 22.BeatNet: CRNN and Particle Filtering for Online Joint Beat Downbeat and Meter Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03576.pdf)
>  The online estimation of rhythmic information, such as beat positions, downbeat positions, and meter, is critical for many real-time music applications. Musical rhythm comprises complex hierarchical relationships across time, rendering its analysis intrinsically challenging and at times subjective. Furthermore, systems which attempt to estimate rhythmic information in real-time must be causal and must produce estimates quickly and efficiently. In this work, we introduce an online system for joint beat, downbeat, and meter tracking, which utilizes causal convolutional and recurrent layers, followed by a pair of sequential Monte Carlo particle filters applied during inference. The proposed system does not need to be primed with a time signature in order to perform downbeat tracking, and is instead able to estimate meter and adjust the predictions over time. Additionally, we propose an information gate strategy to significantly decrease the computational cost of particle filtering during the inference step, making the system much faster than previous sampling-based methods. Experiments on the GTZAN dataset, which is unseen during training, show that the system outperforms various online beat and downbeat tracking systems and achieves comparable performance to a baseline offline joint method.      
### 23.Reproducibility and Evolution of Diffusion MRI Measurements within the Cervical Spinal Cord in Multiple Sclerosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03575.pdf)
>  In Multiple Sclerosis (MS), there is a large discrepancy between the clinical observations and how the pathology is exhibited on brain images, this is known as the clinical-radiological paradox (CRP). One of the hypotheses is that the clinical deficit may be more related to the spinal cord damage than the number or location of lesions in the brain. Therefore, investigating how the spinal cord is damaged becomes an acute challenge to better understand and overcome the CRP. Diffusion MRI is known to provide quantitative figures of neuronal degeneration and axonal loss, in the brain as well as in the spinal cord. In this paper, we propose to investigate how diffusion MRI metrics vary in the different cervical regions with the progression of the disease. We first study the reproducibility of diffusion MRI on healthy volunteers with a test-retest procedure using both standard diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and multi-compartment Ball-and-Stick models. Then, based on the test re-test quantitative calibration, we provide quantitative figures of pathology evolution between M0 and M12 in the cervical spine on a set of 31 MS patients, exhibiting how the pathology damage spans in the cervical spinal cord.      
### 24.Sampled-Data and Event-triggered Boundary Control of a Class of Reaction-Diffusion PDEs with Collocated Sensing and Actuation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03461.pdf)
>  This paper provides observer-based sampled-data and event-triggered boundary control strategies for a class of reaction-diffusion PDEs with collocated sensing and Robin actuation. Infinite-dimensional backstepping design is used as the underlying control approach. It is shown that the continuous-time output feedback boundary control applied in a sample-and-hold fashion ensures global closed-loop exponential stability, provided that the sampling period is sufficiently small. Further, robustness to perturbations of the sampling schedule is guaranteed. For the event-triggered implementation of the continuous-time controller, a dynamic triggering condition is utilized. The triggering condition determines the time instants at which the control input needs to be updated. Under the observer-based event-triggered boundary control, it is shown that there is a minimal dwell-time between two triggering instants independent of initial conditions. Further, the global exponential convergence of the closed-loop system to the equilibrium point is established. A simulation example is provided to validate the theoretical results.      
### 25.Probabilistic Reach-Avoid Reachability in Nondeterministic Systems with Time-VaryingTargets and Obstacles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03386.pdf)
>  The probabilistic reachability problems of nondeterministic systems are studied. Based on the existing studies, the definition of probabilistic reachable sets is generalized by taking into account time-varying target set and obstacle. A numerical method is proposed to compute probabilistic reachable sets. First, a scalar function in the state space is constructed by backward recursion and grid interpolation, and then the probability reachable set is represented as a nonzero level set of this scalar function. In addition, based on the constructed scalar function, the optimal control policy can be designed. At the end of this paper, some examples are taken to illustrate the validity and accuracy of the proposed method.      
### 26.Target-speaker Voice Activity Detection with Improved I-Vector Estimation for Unknown Number of Speaker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03342.pdf)
>  Target-speaker voice activity detection (TS-VAD) has recently shown promising results for speaker diarization on highly overlapped speech. However, the original model requires a fixed (and known) number of speakers, which limits its application to real conversations. In this paper, we extend TS-VAD to speaker diarization with unknown numbers of speakers. This is achieved by two steps: first, an initial diarization system is applied for speaker number estimation, followed by TS-VAD network output masking according to this estimate. We further investigate different diarization methods, including clustering-based and region proposal networks, for estimating the initial i-vectors. Since these systems have complementary strengths, we propose a fusion-based method to combine frame-level decisions from the systems for an improved initialization. We demonstrate through experiments on variants of the LibriCSS meeting corpus that our proposed approach can improve the DER by up to 50\% relative across varying numbers of speakers. This improvement also results in better downstream ASR performance approaching that using oracle segments.      
### 27.Impact of Acceleration/deceleration Limits on the String Stability of Adaptive Cruise Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03232.pdf)
>  This paper demonstrates that the acceleration/deceleration limits in ACC systems can make a string stable ACC amplify the speed perturbation in natural driving. It is shown that the constrained acceleration/deceleration of the following ACCs are likely to cause speed overshoot to compensate for an extra large/small spacing. Additionally, we find that the constrained deceleration limits can also jeopardize safety, as the limited braking power produces extra small spacing or even crashes. The findings are validated through experiments on real cars. The paper suggests that the ACC parameter space should be extended to include the acceleration/deceleration limits considering their significant role exposed here. Through numerical simulations of ACC platoons, we show i) a marginal string stable ACC is preferable due to the smaller total queue length and the shorter duration in congestion; ii) congestion waves in a mixed ACC platoon largely depend on the sequence of vehicles provided different acceleration/deceleration limits, and iii) the safety hazard caused by the constrained deceleration limits is more significant in mixed ACC platoons when string unstable ACCs exist.      
### 28.Merging Tasks for Video Panoptic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04223.pdf)
>  In this paper, the task of video panoptic segmentation is studied and two different methods to solve the task will be proposed. Video panoptic segmentation (VPS) is a recently introduced computer vision task that requires classifying and tracking every pixel in a given video. The nature of this task makes the cost of annotating datasets for it prohibiting. To understand video panoptic segmentation, first, earlier introduced constituent tasks that focus on semantics and tracking separately will be researched. Thereafter, two data-driven approaches which do not require training on a tailored VPS dataset will be selected to solve it. The first approach will show how a model for video panoptic segmentation can be built by heuristically fusing the outputs of a pre-trained semantic segmentation model and a pre-trained multi-object tracking model. This can be desired if one wants to easily extend the capabilities of either model. The second approach will counter some of the shortcomings of the first approach by building on top of a shared neural network backbone with task-specific heads. This network is designed for panoptic segmentation and will be extended by a mask propagation module to link instance masks across time, yielding the video panoptic segmentation format.      
### 29.AutoVideo: An Automated Video Action Recognition System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04212.pdf)
>  Action recognition is a crucial task for video understanding. In this paper, we present AutoVideo, a Python system for automated video action recognition. It currently supports seven action recognition algorithms and various pre-processing modules. Unlike the existing libraries that only provide model zoos, AutoVideo is built with the standard pipeline language. The basic building block is primitive, which wraps a pre-processing module or an algorithm with some hyperparameters. AutoVideo is highly modular and extendable. It can be easily combined with AutoML searchers. The pipeline language is quite general so that we can easily enrich AutoVideo with algorithms for various other video-related tasks in the future. AutoVideo is released under MIT license at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/datamllab/autovideo" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 30.Novel scorpion detection system combining computer vision and fluorescence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04177.pdf)
>  In this work, a fully automatic and real-time system for the detection of scorpions was developed using computer vision and deep learning techniques. This system is based on the implementation of a double validation process using the shape features and the fluorescent characteristics of scorpions when exposed to ultraviolet (UV) light. The Haar Cascade Classifier (HCC) and YOLO (You Only Look Once) models have been used and compared as the first mechanism for the scorpion shape detection. The detection of the fluorescence emitted by the scorpions under UV light has been used as a second detection mechanism in order to increase the accuracy and precision of the system. The results obtained show that the system can accurately and reliably detect the presence of scorpions. In addition, values obtained of recall of 100% is essential with the purpose of providing a health security tool. Although the developed system can only be used at night or in dark environment, where the fluorescence emitted by the scorpions can be visualized, the nocturnal activity of scorpions justifies the incorporation of this second validation mechanism.      
### 31.Distributionally Robust Segmentation of Abnormal Fetal Brain 3D MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04175.pdf)
>  The performance of deep neural networks typically increases with the number of training images. However, not all images have the same importance towards improved performance and robustness. In fetal brain MRI, abnormalities exacerbate the variability of the developing brain anatomy compared to non-pathological cases. A small number of abnormal cases, as is typically available in clinical datasets used for training, are unlikely to fairly represent the rich variability of abnormal developing brains. This leads machine learning systems trained by maximizing the average performance to be biased toward non-pathological cases. This problem was recently referred to as hidden stratification. To be suited for clinical use, automatic segmentation methods need to reliably achieve high-quality segmentation outcomes also for pathological cases. In this paper, we show that the state-of-the-art deep learning pipeline nnU-Net has difficulties to generalize to unseen abnormal cases. To mitigate this problem, we propose to train a deep neural network to minimize a percentile of the distribution of per-volume loss over the dataset. We show that this can be achieved by using Distributionally Robust Optimization (DRO). DRO automatically reweights the training samples with lower performance, encouraging nnU-Net to perform more consistently on all cases. We validated our approach using a dataset of 368 fetal brain T2w MRIs, including 124 MRIs of open spina bifida cases and 51 MRIs of cases with other severe abnormalities of brain development.      
### 32.Fed-BEV: A Federated Learning Framework for Modelling Energy Consumption of Battery Electric Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04036.pdf)
>  Recently, there has been an increasing interest in the roll-out of electric vehicles (EVs) in the global automotive market. Compared to conventional internal combustion engine vehicles (ICEVs), EVs can not only help users reduce monetary costs in their daily commuting, but also can effectively help mitigate the increasing level of traffic emissions produced in cities. Among many others, battery electric vehicles (BEVs) exclusively use chemical energy stored in their battery packs for propulsion. Hence, it becomes important to understand how much energy can be consumed by such vehicles in various traffic scenarios towards effective energy management. To address this challenge, we propose a novel framework in this paper by leveraging the federated learning approaches for modelling energy consumption for BEVs (Fed-BEV). More specifically, a group of BEVs involved in the Fed-BEV framework can learn from each other to jointly enhance their energy consumption model. We present the design of the proposed system architecture and implementation details in a co-simulation environment. Finally, comparative studies and simulation results are discussed to illustrate the efficacy of our proposed framework for accurate energy modelling of BEVs.      
### 33.Deep Learning Based Antenna-time Domain Channel Extrapolation for Hybrid mmWave Massive MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03941.pdf)
>  In a time-varying massive multiple-input multipleoutput (MIMO) system, the acquisition of the downlink channel state information at the base station (BS) is a very challenging task due to the prohibitively high overheads associated with downlink training and uplink feedback. In this paper, we consider the hybrid precoding structure at BS and examine the antennatime domain channel extrapolation. We design a latent ordinary differential equation (ODE)-based network under the variational auto-encoder (VAE) framework to learn the mapping function from the partial uplink channels to the full downlink ones at the BS side. Specifically, the gated recurrent unit is adopted for the encoder and the fully-connected neural network is used for the decoder. The end-to-end learning is utilized to optimize the network parameters. Simulation results show that the designed network can efficiently infer the full downlink channels from the partial uplink ones, which can significantly reduce the channel training overhead.      
### 34.Multi-Target Tracking with Dependent Likelihood Structures in Labeled Random Finite Set Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03729.pdf)
>  In multi-target tracking, a data association hypothesis assigns measurements to tracks, and the hypothesis likelihood (of the joint target-measurement associations) is used to compare among all hypotheses for truncation under a finite compute budget. It is often assumed however that an individual target-measurement association likelihood is independent of others, i.e., it remains the same in whichever hypothesis it belongs to. In the case of Track Oriented Multiple Hypothesis Tracking (TO-MHT), this leads to a parsimonious representation of the hypothesis space, with a maximum likelihood solution obtained through solving an Integer Linear Programming problem. In Labeled Random Finite Set (Labeled RFS) filters, this leads to an efficient way of obtaining the top ranked hypotheses through solving a ranked assignment problem using Murty's algorithm. In this paper we present a Propose and Verify approach for certain Dependent Likelihood Structures, such that the true hypothesis likelihood is evaluated jointly for the constituent track-measurement associations to account for dependence among them, but at the same time that ranking is still obtained efficiently. This is achieved by proposing a candidate ranking under an assumption of independence, and then evaluating the true likelihood one by one, which is guaranteed, for certain Dependent Likelihood Structures, to not increase from its candidate value, until the desired number of top ranked hypotheses are obtained. Examples of such Dependent Likelihood Structures include the Collision Likelihood Structure and the Occlusion Likelihood Structure, both encountered frequently in applications.      
### 35.Enabling Plug-and-Play and Crowdsourcing SLAM in Wireless Communication Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03609.pdf)
>  Simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) during communication is emerging. This technology promises to provide information on propagation environments and transceivers' location, thus creating several new services and applications for the Internet of Things and environment-aware communication. Using crowdsourcing data collected by multiple agents appears to be much potential for enhancing SLAM performance. However, the measurement uncertainties in practice and biased estimations from multiple agents may result in serious errors. This study develops a robust SLAM method with measurement plug-and-play and crowdsourcing mechanisms to address the above problems. First, we divide measurements into different categories according to their unknown biases and realize a measurement plug-and-play mechanism by extending the classic belief propagation (BP)-based SLAM method. The proposed mechanism can obtain the time-varying agent location, radio features, and corresponding measurement biases (such as clock bias, orientation bias, and received signal strength model parameters), with high accuracy and robustness in challenging scenarios without any prior information on anchors and agents. Next, we establish a probabilistic crowdsourcing-based SLAM mechanism, in which multiple agents cooperate to construct and refine the radio map in a decentralized manner. Our study presents the first BP-based crowdsourcing that resolves the "double count" and "data reliability" problems through the flexible application of probabilistic data association methods. Numerical results reveal that the crowdsourcing mechanism can further improve the accuracy of the mapping result, which, in turn, ensures the decimeter-level localization accuracy of each agent in a challenging propagation environment.      
### 36.FederatedNILM: A Distributed and Privacy-preserving Framework for Non-intrusive Load Monitoring based on Federated Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03591.pdf)
>  Non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM), which usually utilizes machine learning methods and is effective in disaggregating smart meter readings from the household-level into appliance-level consumptions, can help to analyze electricity consumption behaviours of users and enable practical smart energy and smart grid applications. However, smart meters are privately owned and distributed, which make real-world applications of NILM challenging. To this end, this paper develops a distributed and privacy-preserving federated deep learning framework for NILM (FederatedNILM), which combines federated learning with a state-of-the-art deep learning architecture to conduct NILM for the classification of typical states of household appliances. Through extensive comparative experiments, the effectiveness of the proposed FederatedNILM framework is demonstrated.      
### 37.Deep Single Shot Musical Instrument Identification using Scalograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03569.pdf)
>  Musical Instrument Identification has for long had a reputation of being one of the most ill-posed problems in the field of Musical Information Retrieval(MIR). Despite several robust attempts to solve the problem, a timeline spanning over the last five odd decades, the problem remains an open conundrum. In this work, the authors take on a further complex version of the traditional problem statement. They attempt to solve the problem with minimal data available - one audio excerpt per class. We propose to use a convolutional Siamese network and a residual variant of the same to identify musical instruments based on the corresponding scalograms of their audio excerpts. Our experiments and corresponding results obtained on two publicly available datasets validate the superiority of our algorithm by $\approx$ 3\% over the existing synonymous algorithms in present-day literature.      
### 38.Master Graduation Thesis: A Lightweight and Distributed Container-based Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03562.pdf)
>  Edge/Fog computing is a novel computing paradigm that provides resource-limited Internet of Things (IoT) devices with scalable computing and storage resources. Compared to cloud computing, edge/fog servers have fewer resources, but they can be accessed with higher bandwidth and less communication latency. Thus, integrating edge/fog and cloud infrastructures can support the execution of diverse latency-sensitive and computation-intensive IoT applications. Although some frameworks attempt to provide such integration, there are still several challenges to be addressed, such as dynamic scheduling of different IoT applications, scalability mechanisms, multi-platform support, and supporting different interaction models. To overcome these challenges, we propose a lightweight and distributed container-based framework, called FogBus2. It provides a mechanism for scheduling heterogeneous IoT applications and implements several scheduling policies. Also, it proposes an optimized genetic algorithm to obtain fast convergence to well-suited solutions. Besides, it offers a scalability mechanism to ensure efficient responsiveness when either the number of IoT devices increases or the resources become overburdened. Also, the dynamic resource discovery mechanism of FogBus2 assists new entities to quickly join the system. We have also developed two IoT applications, called Conway's Game of Life and Video Optical Character Recognition to demonstrate the effectiveness of FogBus2 for handling real-time and non-real-time IoT applications. Experimental results show FogBus2's scheduling policy improves the response time of IoT applications by 53\% compared to other policies. Also, the scalability mechanism can reduce up to 48\% of the queuing waiting time compared to frameworks that do not support scalability.      
### 39.A Unified Model for Zero-shot Music Source Separation, Transcription and Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03456.pdf)
>  We propose a unified model for three inter-related tasks: 1) to \textit{separate} individual sound sources from a mixed music audio, 2) to \textit{transcribe} each sound source to MIDI notes, and 3) to\textit{ synthesize} new pieces based on the timbre of separated sources. The model is inspired by the fact that when humans listen to music, our minds can not only separate the sounds of different instruments, but also at the same time perceive high-level representations such as score and timbre. To mirror such capability computationally, we designed a pitch-timbre disentanglement module based on a popular encoder-decoder neural architecture for source separation. The key inductive biases are vector-quantization for pitch representation and pitch-transformation invariant for timbre representation. In addition, we adopted a query-by-example method to achieve \textit{zero-shot} learning, i.e., the model is capable of doing source separation, transcription, and synthesis for \textit{unseen} instruments. The current design focuses on audio mixtures of two monophonic instruments. Experimental results show that our model outperforms existing multi-task baselines, and the transcribed score serves as a powerful auxiliary for separation tasks.      
### 40.Convergence of the Inexact Online Gradient and Proximal-Gradient Under the Polyak-ojasiewicz Condition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.03285.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the online gradient and proximal-gradient methods for optimization and learning problems with data streams. The performance of the online gradient descent method is first examined in a setting where the cost satisfies the Polyak-Lojasiewicz (PL) inequality and inexact gradient information is available. Convergence results show that the instantaneous regret converges linearly up to an error that depends on the variability of the problem and the statistics of the gradient error; in particular, we provide bounds in expectation and in high probability (that hold iteration-wise), with the latter derived by leveraging a sub-Weibull model for the errors affecting the gradient. Similar convergence results are then provided for the online proximal-gradient method, under the assumption that the composite cost satisfies the proximal-PL condition. The convergence results are applicable to a number of data processing, learning, and feedback-optimization tasks, where the cost functions may not be strongly convex, but satisfies the PL inequity. In the case of static costs, the bounds provide a new characterization of the convergence of gradient and proximal-gradient methods with a sub-Weibull gradient error. Illustrative simulations are provided for a real-time demand response problem in the context of power systems.      
