# ArXiv eess --Wed, 4 Aug 2021
### 1.Image Augmentation Using a Task Guided Generative Adversarial Network for Age Estimation on Brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01659.pdf)
>  Brain age estimation based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is an active research area in early diagnosis of some neurodegenerative diseases (e.g. Alzheimer, Parkinson, Huntington, etc.) for elderly people or brain underdevelopment for the young group. Deep learning methods have achieved the state-of-the-art performance in many medical image analysis tasks, including brain age estimation. However, the performance and generalisability of the deep learning model are highly dependent on the quantity and quality of the training data set. Both collecting and annotating brain MRI data are extremely time-consuming. In this paper, to overcome the data scarcity problem, we propose a generative adversarial network (GAN) based image synthesis method. Different from the existing GAN-based methods, we integrate a task-guided branch (a regression model for age estimation) to the end of the generator in GAN. By adding a task-guided loss to the conventional GAN loss, the learned low-dimensional latent space and the synthesised images are more task-specific. It helps to boost the performance of the down-stream task by combining the synthesised images and real images for model training. The proposed method was evaluated on a public brain MRI data set for age estimation. Our proposed method outperformed (statistically significant) a deep convolutional neural network based regression model and the GAN-based image synthesis method without the task-guided branch. More importantly, it enables the identification of age-related brain regions in the image space. The code is available on GitHub (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ruizhe-l/tgb-gan" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 2.Open Set Wireless Standard Classification Using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01656.pdf)
>  In congested electromagnetic environments, cognitive radios require knowledge about other emitters in order to optimize their dynamic spectrum access strategy. Deep learning classification algorithms have been used to recognize the wireless signal standards of emitters with high accuracy, but are limited to classifying signal classes that appear in their training set. This diminishes the performance of deep learning classifiers deployed in the field because they cannot accurately identify signals from classes outside of the training set. In this paper, a convolution neural network based open set classifier is proposed with the ability to detect if signals are not from known classes by thresholding the output sigmoid activation. The open set classifier was trained on 4G LTE, 5G NR, IEEE 802.11ax, Bluetooth Low Energy 5.0, and Narrowband Internet-of-Things signals impaired with Rayleigh or Rician fading, AWGN, frequency offsets, and in-phase/quadrature imbalances. Then, the classifier was tested on OFDM, SC-FDMA, SC, AM, and FM signals, which did not appear in the training set classes. The closed set classifier achieves an average accuracy of 94.5% for known signals with SNR's greater than 0 dB, but by design, has a 0% accuracy detecting signals from unknown classes. On the other hand, the open set classifier retains an 86% accuracy for known signal classes, but can detect 95.5% of signals from unknown classes with SNR's greater than 0 dB.      
### 3.mmWave Simultaneous Localization and Mapping Using a Computationally Efficient EK-PHD Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01645.pdf)
>  Future cellular networks that utilize millimeter wave signals provide new opportunities in positioning and situational awareness. Large bandwidths combined with large antenna arrays provide unparalleled delay and angle resolution, allowing high accuracy localization but also building up a map of the environment. Even the most basic filter intended for simultaneous localization and mapping exhibits high computational overhead since the methods rely on sigma point or particle-based approximations. In this paper, a first order Taylor series based Gaussian approximation of the filtering distribution is used and it is demonstrated that the developed extended Kalman probability hypothesis density filter is computationally very efficient. In addition, the results imply that efficiency does not come with the expense of estimation accuracy since the method nearly achieves the position error bound.      
### 4.Progressive Transmission using Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01643.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate a new machine learning-based transmission strategy called progressive transmission or ProgTr. In ProgTr, there are b variables that should be transmitted using at most T channel uses. The transmitter aims to send the data to the receiver as fast as possible and with as few channel uses as possible (as channel conditions permit) while the receiver refines its estimate after each channel use. We use recurrent neural networks as the building block of both the transmitter and receiver where the SNR is provided as an input that represents the channel conditions. To show how ProgTr works, the proposed scheme was simulated in different scenarios including single/multi-user settings, different channel conditions, and for both discrete and continuous input data. The results show that ProgTr can achieve better performance compared to conventional modulation methods. In addition to performance metrics such as BER, bit-wise mutual information is used to provide some interpretation to how the transmitter and receiver operate in ProgTr.      
### 5.A Game-Theoretic Framework for Controlled Islanding in the Presence of Adversaries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01628.pdf)
>  Controlled islanding effectively mitigates cascading failures by partitioning the power system into a set of disjoint islands. In this paper, we study the controlled islanding problem of a power system under disturbances introduced by a malicious adversary. We formulate the interaction between the grid operator and adversary using a game-theoretic framework. The grid operator first computes a controlled islanding strategy, along with the power generation for the post-islanding system to guarantee stability. The adversary observes the strategies of the grid operator. The adversary then identifies critical substations of the power system to compromise and trips the transmission lines that are connected with compromised substations. For our game formulation, we propose a double oracle algorithm based approach that solves the best response for each player. We show that the best responses for the grid operator and adversary can be formulated as mixed integer linear programs. In addition, the best response of the adversary is equivalent to a submodular maximization problem under a cardinality constraint, which can be approximated up to a $(1-\frac{1}{e})$ optimality bound in polynomial time. We compare the proposed approach with a baseline where the grid operator computes an islanding strategy by minimizing the power flow disruption without considering the possible response from the adversary. We evaluate both approaches using IEEE 9-bus, 14-bus, 30-bus, 39-bus, 57-bus, and 118-bus power system case study data. Our proposed approach achieves better performance than the baseline in about $44\%$ of test cases, and on average it incurs about 12.27 MW less power flow disruption.      
### 6.From augmented microscopy to the topological transformer: a new approach in cell image analysis for Alzheimer's research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01625.pdf)
>  Cell image analysis is crucial in Alzheimer's research to detect the presence of A$\beta$ protein inhibiting cell function. Deep learning speeds up the process by making only low-level data sufficient for fruitful inspection. We first found Unet is most suitable in augmented microscopy by comparing performance in multi-class semantics segmentation. We develop the augmented microscopy method to capture nuclei in a brightfield image and the transformer using Unet model to convert an input image into a sequence of topological information. The performance regarding Intersection-over-Union is consistent concerning the choice of image preprocessing and ground-truth generation. Training model with data of a specific cell type demonstrates transfer learning applies to some extent. <br>The topological transformer aims to extract persistence silhouettes or landscape signatures containing geometric information of a given image of cells. This feature extraction facilitates studying an image as a collection of one-dimensional data, substantially reducing computational costs. Using the transformer, we attempt grouping cell images by their cell type relying solely on topological features. Performances of the transformers followed by SVM, XGBoost, LGBM, and simple convolutional neural network classifiers are inferior to the conventional image classification. However, since this research initiates a new perspective in biomedical research by combining deep learning and topology for image analysis, we speculate follow-up investigation will reinforce our genuine regime.      
### 7.Learning a Neural Diff for Speech Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01561.pdf)
>  As more speech processing applications execute locally on edge devices, a set of resource constraints must be considered. In this work we address one of these constraints, namely over-the-network data budgets for transferring models from server to device. We present neural update approaches for release of subsequent speech model generations abiding by a data budget. We detail two architecture-agnostic methods which learn compact representations for transmission to devices. We experimentally validate our techniques with results on two tasks (automatic speech recognition and spoken language understanding) on open source data sets by demonstrating when applied in succession, our budgeted updates outperform comparable model compression baselines by significant margins.      
### 8.Amortized Neural Networks for Low-Latency Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01553.pdf)
>  We introduce Amortized Neural Networks (AmNets), a compute cost- and latency-aware network architecture particularly well-suited for sequence modeling tasks. We apply AmNets to the Recurrent Neural Network Transducer (RNN-T) to reduce compute cost and latency for an automatic speech recognition (ASR) task. The AmNets RNN-T architecture enables the network to dynamically switch between encoder branches on a frame-by-frame basis. Branches are constructed with variable levels of compute cost and model capacity. Here, we achieve variable compute for two well-known candidate techniques: one using sparse pruning and the other using matrix factorization. Frame-by-frame switching is determined by an arbitrator network that requires negligible compute overhead. We present results using both architectures on LibriSpeech data and show that our proposed architecture can reduce inference cost by up to 45\% and latency to nearly real-time without incurring a loss in accuracy.      
### 9.Online Estimation of Diameter at Breast Height (DBH) of Forest Trees Using a Handheld LiDAR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01552.pdf)
>  While mobile LiDAR sensors are increasingly used to scan in ecology and forestry applications, reconstruction and characterisation are typically carried out offline (to the best of our knowledge). Motivated by this, we present an online LiDAR system which can run on a handheld device to segment and track individual trees and identify them in a fixed coordinate system. Segments relating to each tree are accumulated over time, and tree models are completed as more scans are captured from different perspectives. Using this reconstruction we then fit a cylinder model to each tree trunk by solving a least-squares optimisation over the points to estimate the Diameter at Breast Height (DBH) of the trees. Experimental results demonstrate that our system can estimate DBH to within $\sim$7 cm accuracy for 90% of individual trees in a forest (Wytham Woods, Oxford)      
### 10.Neural Calibration for Scalable Beamforming in FDD Massive MIMO with Implicit Channel Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01529.pdf)
>  Channel estimation and beamforming play critical roles in frequency-division duplexing (FDD) massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems. However, these two modules have been treated as two stand-alone components, which makes it difficult to achieve a global system optimality. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based approach that directly optimizes the beamformers at the base station according to the received uplink pilots, thereby, bypassing the explicit channel estimation. Different from the existing fully data-driven approach where all the modules are replaced by deep neural networks (DNNs), a neural calibration method is proposed to improve the scalability of the end-to-end design. In particular, the backbone of conventional time-efficient algorithms, i.e., the least-squares (LS) channel estimator and the zero-forcing (ZF) beamformer, is preserved and DNNs are leveraged to calibrate their inputs for better performance. The permutation equivariance property of the formulated resource allocation problem is then identified to design a low-complexity neural network architecture. Simulation results will show the superiority of the proposed neural calibration method over benchmark schemes in terms of both the spectral efficiency and scalability in large-scale wireless networks.      
### 11.CSMCNet: Scalable Video Compressive Sensing Reconstruction with Interpretable Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01522.pdf)
>  Most deep network methods for compressive sensing reconstruction suffer from the black-box characteristic of DNN. In this paper, a deep neural network with interpretable motion estimation named CSMCNet is proposed. The network is able to realize high-quality reconstruction of video compressive sensing by unfolding the iterative steps of optimization based algorithms. A DNN based, multi-hypothesis motion estimation module is designed to improve the reconstruction quality, and a residual module is employed to further narrow down the gap between re-construction results and original signal in our proposed method. Besides, we propose an interpolation module with corresponding training strategy to realize scalable CS reconstruction, which is capable of using the same model to decode various compression ratios. Experiments show that a PSNR of 29.34dB can be achieved at 2% CS ratio (compressed by 98%), which is superior than other state-of-the-art methods. Moreover, the interpolation module is proved to be effective, with significant cost saving and acceptable performance losses.      
### 12.Two New Stenoses Detection Methods of Coronary Angiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01516.pdf)
>  Coronary angiography is the "gold standard" for the diagnosis of coronary heart disease. At present, the methods for detecting coronary artery stenoses and evaluating the degree of it in coronary angiograms are either subjective or not efficient enough. Two vascular stenoses detection methods in coronary angiograms are proposed to assist the diagnosis. The first one is an automatic method, which can automatically segment the entire coronary vessels and mark the stenoses. The second one is an interactive method. With this method, the user only needs to give a start point and an end point to detect the stenoses of a certain vascular segment. We have shown that the proposed tracking methods are robust for angiograms with various vessel structure. The automatic detection method can effectively measure the diameter of the vessel and mark the stenoses in different angiograms. Further investigation proves that the results of interactive detection method can accurately reflect the true stenoses situation. The proposed automatic method and interactive method are effective in various angiograms and can complement each other in clinical practice. The first method can be used for preliminary screening and the second method can be used for further quantitative analysis. It has the potential to improve the level of clinical diagnosis of coronary heart disease.      
### 13.Simultaneous reconstruction and displacement estimation for spectral-domain optical coherence elastography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01515.pdf)
>  Optical coherence elastography allows the characterization of the mechanical properties of tissues, and can be performed through estimating local displacement maps from subsequent acquisitions of a sample under different loads. This displacement estimation is limited by noise in the images, which can be high in dynamic systems due to the inability to perform long exposures or B-scan averaging. In this work, we propose a framework for simultaneously enhancing both the image quality and displacement map for elastography, by motion compensated denoising with the block-matching and 4D filtering (BM4D) method, followed by a re-estimation of displacement. We adopt the interferometric synthetic aperture microscopy (ISAM) method to enhance the lateral resolution away from the focal plane, and use sub-pixel cross correlation block matching for non-uniform deformation estimation. We validate this approach on data from a commercial spectral domain optical coherence tomography system, whereby we observe an enhancement of both image and displacement accuracy of up to 33% over a standard approach.      
### 14.Distributed System Identification for Linear Stochastic Systems with Binary Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01488.pdf)
>  The problem of distributed identification of linear stochastic system with unknown coefficients over time-varying networks is considered. For estimating the unknown coefficients, each agent in the network can only access the input and the binary-valued output of the local system. Compared with the existing works on distributed optimization and estimation, the binary-valued local output observation considered in the paper makes the problem challenging. By assuming that the agent in the network can communicate with its adjacent neighbours, a stochastic approximation based distributed identification algorithm is proposed, and the consensus and convergence of the estimates are established. Finally, a numerical example is given showing that the simulation results are consistent with the theoretical analysis.      
### 15.Creation and Detection of German Voice Deepfakes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01469.pdf)
>  Synthesizing voice with the help of machine learning techniques has made rapid progress over the last years [1] and first high profile fraud cases have been recently reported [2]. Given the current increase in using conferencing tools for online teaching, we question just how easy (i.e. needed data, hardware, skill set) it would be to create a convincing voice fake. We analyse how much training data a participant (e.g. a student) would actually need to fake another participants voice (e.g. a professor). We provide an analysis of the existing state of the art in creating voice deep fakes, as well as offer detailed technical guidance and evidence of just how much effort is needed to copy a voice. A user study with more than 100 participants shows how difficult it is to identify real and fake voice (on avg. only 37 percent can distinguish between real and fake voice of a professor). With a focus on German language and an online teaching environment we discuss the societal implications as well as demonstrate how to use machine learning techniques to possibly detect such fakes.      
### 16.Optimal Management of the Peak Power Penalty for Smart Grids Using MPC-based Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01459.pdf)
>  The cost of the power distribution infrastructures is driven by the peak power encountered in the system. Therefore, the distribution network operators consider billing consumers behind a common transformer in the function of their peak demand and leave it to the consumers to manage their collective costs. This management problem is, however, not trivial. In this paper, we consider a multi-agent residential smart grid system, where each agent has local renewable energy production and energy storage, and all agents are connected to a local transformer. The objective is to develop an optimal policy that minimizes the economic cost consisting of both the spot-market cost for each consumer and their collective peak-power cost. We propose to use a parametric Model Predictive Control (MPC)-scheme to approximate the optimal policy. The optimality of this policy is limited by its finite horizon and inaccurate forecasts of the local power production-consumption. A Deterministic Policy Gradient (DPG) method is deployed to adjust the MPC parameters and improve the policy. Our simulations show that the proposed MPC-based Reinforcement Learning (RL) method can effectively decrease the long-term economic cost for this smart grid problem.      
### 17.Model-based iterative reconstruction for spectral-domain optical coherence tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01438.pdf)
>  Spectral domain optical coherence tomography (OCT) offers high resolution multidimensional imaging, but generally suffers from defocussing, intensity falloff and shot noise, causing artifacts and image degradation along the imaging depth. In this work, we develop an iterative statistical reconstruction technique, based upon the interferometric synthetic aperture microscopy (ISAM) model with additive noise, to actively compensate for these effects. For the ISAM re-sampling, we use a non uniform FFT with Kaiser-Bessel interpolation, offering efficiency and high accuracy. We then employ an accelerated gradient descent based algorithm, to minimize the negative log-likelihood of the model, and include spatial or wavelet sparsity based penalty functions, to provide appropriate regularization for given image structures. We evaluate our approach with titanium oxide micro-bead and cucumber samples with a commercial spectral domain OCT system, under various subsampling regimes, and demonstrate superior image quality over traditional reconstruction and ISAM methods.      
### 18.Wavelet-Based Network For High Dynamic Range Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01434.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) imaging from multiple low dynamic range (LDR) images has been suffering from ghosting artifacts caused by scene and objects motion. Existing methods, such as optical flow based and end-to-end deep learning based solutions, are error-prone either in detail restoration or ghosting artifacts removal. Comprehensive empirical evidence shows that ghosting artifacts caused by large foreground motion are mainly low-frequency signals and the details are mainly high-frequency signals. In this work, we propose a novel frequency-guided end-to-end deep neural network (FHDRNet) to conduct HDR fusion in the frequency domain, and Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT) is used to decompose inputs into different frequency bands. The low-frequency signals are used to avoid specific ghosting artifacts, while the high-frequency signals are used for preserving details. Using a U-Net as the backbone, we propose two novel modules: merging module and frequency-guided upsampling module. The merging module applies the attention mechanism to the low-frequency components to deal with the ghost caused by large foreground motion. The frequency-guided upsampling module reconstructs details from multiple frequency-specific components with rich details. In addition, a new RAW dataset is created for training and evaluating multi-frame HDR imaging algorithms in the RAW domain. Extensive experiments are conducted on public datasets and our RAW dataset, showing that the proposed FHDRNet achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 19.Region-wise Loss for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01405.pdf)
>  We propose Region-wise (RW) loss for biomedical image segmentation. Region-wise loss is versatile, can simultaneously account for class imbalance and pixel importance, and it can be easily implemented as the pixel-wise multiplication between the softmax output and a RW map. We show that, under the proposed Region-wise loss framework, certain loss functions, such as Active Contour and Boundary loss, can be reformulated similarly with appropriate RW maps, thus revealing their underlying similarities and a new perspective to understand these loss functions. We investigate the observed optimization instability caused by certain RW maps, such as Boundary loss distance maps, and we introduce a mathematically-grounded principle to avoid such instability. This principle provides excellent adaptability to any dataset and practically ensures convergence without extra regularization terms or optimization tricks. Following this principle, we propose a simple version of boundary distance maps called rectified RW maps that, as we demonstrate in our experiments, achieve state-of-the-art performance with similar or better Dice coefficients and Hausdorff distances than Dice, Focal, and Boundary losses in three distinct segmentation tasks. We quantify the optimization instability provided by Boundary loss distance maps, and we empirically show that our rectified RW maps are stable to optimize. The code to run all our experiments is publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jmlipman/RegionWiseLoss" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 20.Electrical peak demand forecasting- A review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01393.pdf)
>  The power system is undergoing rapid evolution with the roll-out of advanced metering infrastructure and local energy applications (e.g. electric vehicles) as well as the increasing penetration of intermittent renewable energy at both transmission and distribution level, which characterizes the peak load demand with stronger randomness and less predictability and therefore poses a threat to the power grid security. Since storing large quantities of electricity to satisfy load demand is neither economically nor environmentally friendly, effective peak demand management strategies and reliable peak load forecast methods become essential for optimizing the power system operations. To this end, this paper provides a timely and comprehensive overview of peak load demand forecast methods in the literature. To our best knowledge, this is the first comprehensive review on such topic. In this paper we first give a precise and unified problem definition of peak load demand forecast. Second, 139 papers on peak load forecast methods were systematically reviewed where methods were classified into different stages based on the timeline. Thirdly, a comparative analysis of peak load forecast methods are summarized and different optimizing methods to improve the forecast performance are discussed. The paper ends with a comprehensive summary of the reviewed papers and a discussion of potential future research directions.      
### 21.MixMicrobleedNet: segmentation of cerebral microbleeds using nnU-Net  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01389.pdf)
>  Cerebral microbleeds are small hypointense lesions visible on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) with gradient echo, T2*, or susceptibility weighted (SWI) imaging. Assessment of cerebral microbleeds is mostly performed by visual inspection. The past decade has seen the rise of semi-automatic tools to assist with rating and more recently fully automatic tools for microbleed detection. In this work, we explore the use of nnU-Net as a fully automated tool for microbleed segmentation. Data was provided by the ``Where is VALDO?'' challenge of MICCAI 2021. The final method consists of nnU-Net in the ``3D full resolution U-Net'' configuration trained on all data (fold = `all'). No post-processing options of nnU-Net were used. Self-evaluation on the training data showed an estimated Dice of 0.80, false discovery rate of 0.16, and false negative rate of 0.15. Final evaluation on the test set of the VALDO challenge is pending. Visual inspection of the results showed that most of the reported false positives could be an actual microbleed that might have been missed during visual rating. Source code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hjkuijf/MixMicrobleedNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> . The docker container hjkuijf/mixmicrobleednet can be pulled from <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hub.docker.com/r/hjkuijf/mixmicrobleednet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 22.Deep Reinforcement Learning Based Networked Control with Network Delays for Signal Temporal Logic Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01317.pdf)
>  We present a novel deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-based design of a networked controller with network delays for signal temporal logic (STL) specifications. We consider the case in which both the system dynamics and network delays are unknown. Because the satisfaction of an STL formula is based not only on the current state but also on the behavior of the system, we propose an extension of the Markov decision process (MDP), which is called a $\tau\delta$-MDP, such that we can evaluate the satisfaction of the STL formula under the network delays using the $\tau\delta$-MDP. Thereafter, we construct deep neural networks based on the $\tau\delta$-MDP and propose a learning algorithm. Through simulations, we also demonstrate the learning performance of the proposed algorithm.      
### 23.Distributed Dynamic State-Input Estimation for Power Networks of Microgrids and Active Distribution Systems with Unknown Inputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01306.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a joint input and state dynamic estimation scheme for power networks in microgrids and active distribution systems with unknown inputs. The conventional dynamic state estimation of power networks in the transmission system relies on the forecasting methods to obtain the state-transition model of state variables. However, under highly dynamic conditions in the operation of microgrids and active distribution networks, this approach may become ineffective as the forecasting accuracy is not guaranteed. To overcome such drawbacks, this paper employs the power networks model derived from the physical equations of branch currents. Specifically, the power network model is a linear state-space model, in which the state vector consists of branch currents, and the input vector consists of bus voltages. To estimate both state and input variables, we propose linear Kalman-based dynamic filtering algorithms in batch-mode regression form, considering the cross-correlation between states and inputs. For the scalability of the proposed scheme, the distributed implementation is also presented. Complementarily, the predicted state and input vectors are leveraged for bad data detection. Results carried out on a 13-bus microgrid system in real-time Opal-RT platform demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method in comparison with the traditional weighted least square and tracking state estimation methods.      
### 24.A Study of Multilingual End-to-End Speech Recognition for Kazakh, Russian, and English  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01280.pdf)
>  We study training a single end-to-end (E2E) automatic speech recognition (ASR) model for three languages used in Kazakhstan: Kazakh, Russian, and English. We first describe the development of multilingual E2E ASR based on Transformer networks and then perform an extensive assessment on the aforementioned languages. We also compare two variants of output grapheme set construction: combined and independent. Furthermore, we evaluate the impact of LMs and data augmentation techniques on the recognition performance of the multilingual E2E ASR. In addition, we present several datasets for training and evaluation purposes. Experiment results show that the multilingual models achieve comparable performances to the monolingual baselines with a similar number of parameters. Our best monolingual and multilingual models achieved 20.9% and 20.5% average word error rates on the combined test set, respectively. To ensure the reproducibility of our experiments and results, we share our training recipes, datasets, and pre-trained models.      
### 25.Dynamic Prediction Model for NOx Emission of SCR System Based on Hybrid Data-driven Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01240.pdf)
>  Aiming at the problem that delay time is difficult to determine and prediction accuracy is low in building prediction model of SCR system, a dynamic modeling scheme based on a hybrid of multiple data-driven algorithms was proposed. First, processed abnormal values and normalized the data. To improve the relevance of the input data, used MIC to estimate delay time and reconstructed production data. Then used combined feature selection method to determine input variables. To further mine data information, VMD was used to decompose input time series. Finally, established NOx emission prediction model combining ELM and EC model. Experimental results based on actual historical operating data show that the MAPE of predicted results is 2.61%. Model sensitivity analysis shows that besides the amount of ammonia injection, the inlet oxygen concentration and the flue gas temperature have a significant impact on NOx emission, which should be considered in SCR process control and optimization.      
### 26.Rectangular Planar vs Concentric Circular Array for 5G Beamforming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01196.pdf)
>  Due to the use of the millimeter-wave (mmWave) frequency, the transmitter signals in the fifth generation (5G) wireless networks suffer from significant path loss. Therefore, beamforming is an essential and powerful tool in 5G to enhance signal from the desired direction and suppress interferences from other directions. For a given number of antenna elements, the geometry of the array dictates its beam pattern. Most of the works in the existing literature address the use of rectangular planar antenna (RPA) arrays for 5G beamforming. In this work, we demonstrate that a concentric circular antenna (CCA) array is capable of generating a significantly narrower beam than an RPA array while operating with a notably lesser number of antenna elements on a considerably smaller area. This capability of the CCA array is exploited and utilized in enhancing the performance of a 5G network in both the link and the system levels.      
### 27.Wide-Area Damping Control for Interarea Oscillations in Power Grids Based on PMU Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01193.pdf)
>  In this paper, a phasor measurement unit (PMU)-based wide-area damping control method is proposed to damp the interarea oscillations that threaten the modern power system stability and security. Utilizing the synchronized PMU data, the proposed almost model-free approach can achieve an effective damping for the selected modes using a minimum number of synchronous generators. Simulations are performed to show the validity of the proposed wide-area damping control scheme.      
### 28.All-Digital LoS MIMO with Low-Precision Analog-to-Digital Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01147.pdf)
>  Line-of-sight (LoS) multi-input multi-output (MIMO) systems exhibit attractive scaling properties with increase in carrier frequency: for a fixed form factor and range, the spatial degrees of freedom increase quadratically for 2D arrays, in addition to the typically linear increase in available bandwidth. In this paper, we investigate whether modern all-digital baseband signal processing architectures can be devised for such regimes, given the difficulty of analog-to-digital conversion for large bandwidths. We propose low-precision quantizer designs and accompanying spatial demultiplexing algorithms, considering 2x2 LoS MIMO with QPSK for analytical insight, and 4x4 MIMO with QPSK and 16QAM for performance evaluation. Unlike prior work, channel state information is utilized only at the receiver (i.e., transmit precoding is not employed). We investigate quantizers with regular structure whose high-SNR mutual information approaches that of an unquantized system. We prove that amplitude-phase quantization is necessary to attain this benchmark; phase-only quantization falls short. We show that quantizers based on maximizing per-antenna output entropy perform better than standard Minimum Mean Squared Quantization Error (MMSQE) quantization. For spatial demultiplexing with severely quantized observations, we introduce the novel concept of virtual quantization which, combined with linear detection, provides reliable demodulation at significantly reduced complexity compared to maximum likelihood detection.      
### 29.CPPNet: A Coverage Path Planning Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01626.pdf)
>  This paper presents a deep-learning based CPP algorithm, called Coverage Path Planning Network (CPPNet). CPPNet is built using a convolutional neural network (CNN) whose input is a graph-based representation of the occupancy grid map while its output is an edge probability heat graph, where the value of each edge is the probability of belonging to the optimal TSP tour. Finally, a greedy search is used to select the final optimized tour. CPPNet is trained and comparatively evaluated against the TSP tour. It is shown that CPPNet provides near-optimal solutions while requiring significantly less computational time, thus enabling real-time coverage path planning in partially unknown and dynamic environments.      
### 30.Domain Generalization via Gradient Surgery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01621.pdf)
>  In real-life applications, machine learning models often face scenarios where there is a change in data distribution between training and test domains. When the aim is to make predictions on distributions different from those seen at training, we incur in a domain generalization problem. Methods to address this issue learn a model using data from multiple source domains, and then apply this model to the unseen target domain. Our hypothesis is that when training with multiple domains, conflicting gradients within each mini-batch contain information specific to the individual domains which is irrelevant to the others, including the test domain. If left untouched, such disagreement may degrade generalization performance. In this work, we characterize the conflicting gradients emerging in domain shift scenarios and devise novel gradient agreement strategies based on gradient surgery to alleviate their effect. We validate our approach in image classification tasks with three multi-domain datasets, showing the value of the proposed agreement strategy in enhancing the generalization capability of deep learning models in domain shift scenarios.      
### 31.Algebraic and Graph-Theoretic Conditions for the Herdability of Linear Time-Invariant Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01579.pdf)
>  In this paper we investigate a relaxed concept of controllability, known in the literature as herdability, namely the capability of a system to be driven towards the(interior of the) positive orthant. Specifically, we investigate herdability for linear time-invariant systems, both from an algebraic perspective and based on the graph representing the systems interactions. In addition, we focus on linear state-space models corresponding to matrix pairs (A;B) in which the matrix B is a selection matrix that determines the leaders in the network, and we show that the weights that followers give to the leaders do not affect the herdability of the system. We then focus on the herdability problem for systems with a single leader in which interactions are symmetric and the network topology is acyclic, in which case an algorithm for the leader selection is provided. In this context, under some additional conditions on the mutual distances, necessary and sufficient conditions for the herdability of the overall system are given.      
### 32.A Benchmarking Initiative for Audio-Domain Music Generation Using the Freesound Loop Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01576.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new benchmark task for generat-ing musical passages in the audio domain by using thedrum loops from the FreeSound Loop Dataset, which arepublicly re-distributable. Moreover, we use a larger col-lection of drum loops from Looperman to establish fourmodel-based objective metrics for evaluation, releasingthese metrics as a library for quantifying and facilitatingthe progress of musical audio generation. Under this eval-uation framework, we benchmark the performance of threerecent deep generative adversarial network (GAN) mod-els we customize to generate loops, including StyleGAN,StyleGAN2, and UNAGAN. We also report a subjectiveevaluation of these models. Our evaluation shows that theone based on StyleGAN2 performs the best in both objec-tive and subjective metrics.      
### 33.Hardware-aware Design of Multiplierless Second-Order IIR Filters with Minimum Adders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01565.pdf)
>  In this work, we optimally solve the problem of multiplierless design of second-order Infinite Impulse Response filters with minimum number of adders. Given a frequency specification, we design a stable direct form filter with hardware-aware fixed-point coefficients that yielding minimal number of adders when replacing all the multiplications by bit shifts and additions. The coefficient design, quantization and implementation, typically conducted independently, are now gathered into one global optimization problem, modeled through integer linear programming and efficiently solved using generic solvers. We guarantee the frequency-domain specifications and stability, which together with optimal number of adders will significantly simplify design-space exploration for filter designers. The optimal filters are implemented within the FloPoCo IP core generator and synthesized for Field Programmable Gate Arrays. With respect to state-of-the-art three-step filter design methods, our one-step design approach achieves, on average, 42% reduction in the number of lookup tables and 21% improvement in delay.      
### 34.Sexing Caucasian 2D footprints using convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01554.pdf)
>  Footprints are left, or obtained, in a variety of scenarios from crime scenes to anthropological investigations. Determining the sex of a footprint can be useful in screening such impressions and attempts have been made to do so using single or multi landmark distances, shape analyses and via the density of friction ridges. Here we explore the relative importance of different components in sexing two-dimensional foot impressions namely, size, shape and texture. We use a machine learning approach and compare this to more traditional methods of discrimination. Two datasets are used, a pilot data set collected from students at Bournemouth University (N=196) and a larger data set collected by podiatrists at Sheffield NHS Teaching Hospital (N=2677). Our convolutional neural network can sex a footprint with accuracy of around 90% on a test set of N=267 footprint images using all image components, which is better than an expert can achieve. However, the quality of the impressions impacts on this success rate, but the results are promising and in time it may be possible to create an automated screening algorithm in which practitioners of whatever sort (medical or forensic) can obtain a first order sexing of a two-dimensional footprint.      
### 35.Joint Active User Detection and Channel Estimation for Grant-Free NOMA-OTFS in LEO Constellation Internet-of-Things  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01520.pdf)
>  The flourishing low-Earth orbit (LEO) constellation communication network provides a promising solution for seamless coverage services to Internet-of-Things (IoT) terminals. However, confronted with massive connectivity and rapid variation of terrestrial-satellite link (TSL), the traditional grant-free random-access schemes always fail to match this scenario. In this paper, a new non-orthogonal multiple-access (NOMA) transmission protocol that incorporates orthogonal time frequency space (OTFS) modulation is proposed to solve these problems. Furthermore, we propose a two-stages joint active user detection and channel estimation scheme based on the training sequences aided OTFS data frame structure. Specifically, in the first stage, with the aid of training sequences, we perform active user detection and coarse channel estimation by recovering the sparse sampled channel vectors. And then, we develop a parametric approach to facilitate more accurate result of channel estimation with the previously recovered sampled channel vectors according to the inherent characteristics of TSL channel. Simulation results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method in this kind of high-mobility scenario in the end.      
### 36.An introduction to extended dynamic mode decomposition: Estimation of the Koopman operator and outputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01490.pdf)
>  Many physical systems exhibit phenomena with unknown governing dynamics. These systems can be high dimensional and often partially observed. Recently, an emerging set of operator-theoretic tools have gained traction, centered on discovering linear representations or approximations of nonlinear dynamical systems in function spaces. Originally derived for Hamiltonian systems, popular numerical and theoretical techniques for Koopman operator theory enable input-output perspective, and spectral analysis of nonlinear systems. <br>One of the primary interests in the development and further exploration of Koopman operator framework is its relations to the properties of the underlying dynamical systems. For this, we briefly introduce the Koopman operator without delving into its spectral properties. We then present vector and matrix representations of observables and the Koopman operator as a projection onto some finite-dimensional function space without assumptions of its invariance to the action of the Koopman operator or spanning the outputs which is the basis for the extended dynamic mode decomposition (EDMD) algorithm. EDMD is a modal decomposition algorithm which is a popular numerical method for obtaining finite-sections of the Koopman operator that has proved useful for predictions and control in nonlinear systems. We also include output data containing both expected and unknown observables.      
### 37.Is Disentanglement enough? On Latent Representations for Controllable Music Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01450.pdf)
>  Improving controllability or the ability to manipulate one or more attributes of the generated data has become a topic of interest in the context of deep generative models of music. Recent attempts in this direction have relied on learning disentangled representations from data such that the underlying factors of variation are well separated. In this paper, we focus on the relationship between disentanglement and controllability by conducting a systematic study using different supervised disentanglement learning algorithms based on the Variational Auto-Encoder (VAE) architecture. Our experiments show that a high degree of disentanglement can be achieved by using different forms of supervision to train a strong discriminative encoder. However, in the absence of a strong generative decoder, disentanglement does not necessarily imply controllability. The structure of the latent space with respect to the VAE-decoder plays an important role in boosting the ability of a generative model to manipulate different attributes. To this end, we also propose methods and metrics to help evaluate the quality of a latent space with respect to the afforded degree of controllability.      
### 38.EMOPIA: A Multi-Modal Pop Piano Dataset For Emotion Recognition and Emotion-based Music Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01374.pdf)
>  While there are many music datasets with emotion labels in the literature, they cannot be used for research on symbolic-domain music analysis or generation, as there are usually audio files only. In this paper, we present the EMOPIA (pronounced `yee-mò-pi-uh') dataset, a shared multi-modal (audio and MIDI) database focusing on perceived emotion in pop piano music, to facilitate research on various tasks related to music emotion. The dataset contains 1,087 music clips from 387 songs and clip-level emotion labels annotated by four dedicated annotators. Since the clips are not restricted to one clip per song, they can also be used for song-level analysis. We present the methodology for building the dataset, covering the song list curation, clip selection, and emotion annotation processes. Moreover, we prototype use cases on clip-level music emotion classification and emotion-based symbolic music generation by training and evaluating corresponding models using the dataset. The result demonstrates the potential of EMOPIA for being used in future exploration on piano emotion-related MIR tasks.      
### 39.Optimization Based Collision Avoidance for Multi-Agent DynamicalSystems in Goal Reaching Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01320.pdf)
>  This work presents a distributed MPC-based approach to solving the problem of multi-agent point-to-point transition with optimization-based collision avoidance. The problem is formulated, motivated by the work on collision avoidance for multi-agent systems and dynamic obstacles. With modifications to the formulation, the problem is converted into a distributed problem with a separable objective and coupled constraints. The problem is divided into local sub-problems and solved using Alternating Directions Method of Multipliers(ADMM) applied on an augmented local lagrangian objective.This work aims to understand the multi-agent point-to-point transition problem as an extension of optimization-based collision avoidance and analyze the aspects of computational times, reliability, and optimality of the solution obtained.      
### 40.A Non-uniform Sampling Approach for Fast and Efficient Path Planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01291.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop a non-uniform sampling approach for fast and efficient path planning of autonomous vehicles. The approach uses a novel non-uniform partitioning scheme that divides the area into obstacle-free convex cells. The partitioning results in large cells in obstacle-free areas and small cells in obstacle-dense areas. Subsequently, the boundaries of these cells are used for sampling; thus significantly reducing the burden of uniform sampling. When compared with a standard uniform sampler, this smart sampler significantly 1) reduces the size of the sampling space while providing completeness and optimality guarantee, 2) provides sparse sampling in obstacle-free regions and dense sampling in obstacle-rich regions to facilitate faster exploration, and 3) eliminates the need for expensive collision-checking with obstacles due to the convexity of the cells. This sampling framework is incorporated into the RRT* path planner. The results show that RRT* with the non-uniform sampler gives a significantly better convergence rate and smaller memory footprint as compared to RRT* with a uniform sampler.      
### 41.An analysis of Iranian Music Intervals based on Pitch Histogram  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01283.pdf)
>  Since the early twentieth century, intervals and tuning systems have been subjects of discussion among Iranian musicians and scholars. The process of Westernization and then a cultural back to roots movement are among the reasons that motivated debates about the appropriate tuning in this musical culture. In this paper, we first review the historical context of the intervals in Perso-Arabic musical culture since Farabi in the tenth century. Then we focus on the audio histogram of the vocal performance of each piece in the repertoire (radif) of Karimi, one of the masters of the art, and use Dynamic Time Warping for alignment of pitch and MIDI notes. We collected the intervals used in the performance of each piece (gushe) in the repertoire and then analyzed the results. Unlike the traditional methods of measuring the frequency of each note played on the tar (an Iranian lute) practiced by contemporary music scholars, our computational method is independent of a given instrument and can be executed on any performance with minimum effort.      
### 42.SABER: Data-Driven Motion Planner for Autonomously Navigating Heterogeneous Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01262.pdf)
>  We present an end-to-end online motion planning framework that uses a data-driven approach to navigate a heterogeneous robot team towards a global goal while avoiding obstacles in uncertain environments. First, we use stochastic model predictive control (SMPC) to calculate control inputs that satisfy robot dynamics, and consider uncertainty during obstacle avoidance with chance constraints. Second, recurrent neural networks are used to provide a quick estimate of future state uncertainty considered in the SMPC finite-time horizon solution, which are trained on uncertainty outputs of various simultaneous localization and mapping algorithms. When two or more robots are in communication range, these uncertainties are then updated using a distributed Kalman filtering approach. Lastly, a Deep Q-learning agent is employed to serve as a high-level path planner, providing the SMPC with target positions that move the robots towards a desired global goal. Our complete methods are demonstrated on a ground and aerial robot simultaneously (code available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/AlexS28/SABER" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 43.The Performance Evaluation of Attention-Based Neural ASR under Mixed Speech Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01245.pdf)
>  In order to evaluate the performance of the attention based neural ASR under noisy conditions, the current trend is to present hours of various noisy speech data to the model and measure the overall word/phoneme error rate (W/PER). In general, it is unclear how these models perform when exposed to a cocktail party setup in which two or more speakers are active. In this paper, we present the mixtures of speech signals to a popular attention-based neural ASR, known as Listen, Attend, and Spell (LAS), at different target-to-interference ratio (TIR) and measure the phoneme error rate. In particular, we investigate in details when two phonemes are mixed what will be the predicted phoneme; in this fashion we build a model in which the most probable predictions for a phoneme are given. We found a 65% relative increase in PER when LAS was presented with mixed speech signals at TIR = 0 dB and the performance approaches the unmixed scenario at TIR = 30 dB. Our results show the model, when presented with mixed phonemes signals, tend to predict those that have higher accuracies during evaluation of original phoneme signals.      
### 44.OVERT: An Algorithm for Safety Verification of Neural Network Control Policies for Nonlinear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01220.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods can be used to produce control policies, but certifying their safety is challenging. The resulting networks are nonlinear and often very large. In response to this challenge, we present OVERT: a sound algorithm for safety verification of nonlinear discrete-time closed loop dynamical systems with neural network control policies. The novelty of OVERT lies in combining ideas from the classical formal methods literature with ideas from the newer neural network verification literature. The central concept of OVERT is to abstract nonlinear functions with a set of optimally tight piecewise linear bounds. Such piecewise linear bounds are designed for seamless integration into ReLU neural network verification tools. OVERT can be used to prove bounded-time safety properties by either computing reachable sets or solving feasibility queries directly. We demonstrate various examples of safety verification for several classical benchmark examples. OVERT compares favorably to existing methods both in computation time and in tightness of the reachable set.      
### 45.Computing the Newton-step faster than Hessian accumulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01219.pdf)
>  Computing the Newton-step of a generic function with $N$ decision variables takes $O(N^3)$ flops. In this paper, we show that given the computational graph of the function, this bound can be reduced to $O(m\tau^3)$, where $\tau, m$ are the width and size of a tree-decomposition of the graph. The proposed algorithm generalizes nonlinear optimal-control methods based on LQR to general optimization problems and provides non-trivial gains in iteration-complexity even in cases where the Hessian is dense.      
### 46.DarkGAN: Exploiting Knowledge Distillation for Comprehensible Audio Synthesis with GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01216.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have achieved excellent audio synthesis quality in the last years. However, making them operable with semantically meaningful controls remains an open challenge. An obvious approach is to control the GAN by conditioning it on metadata contained in audio datasets. Unfortunately, audio datasets often lack the desired annotations, especially in the musical domain. A way to circumvent this lack of annotations is to generate them, for example, with an automatic audio-tagging system. The output probabilities of such systems (so-called "soft labels") carry rich information about the characteristics of the respective audios and can be used to distill the knowledge from a teacher model into a student model. In this work, we perform knowledge distillation from a large audio tagging system into an adversarial audio synthesizer that we call DarkGAN. Results show that DarkGAN can synthesize musical audio with acceptable quality and exhibits moderate attribute control even with out-of-distribution input conditioning. We release the code and provide audio examples on the accompanying website.      
### 47.User-Initiated Repetition-Based Recovery in Multi-Utterance Dialogue Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01208.pdf)
>  Recognition errors are common in human communication. Similar errors often lead to unwanted behaviour in dialogue systems or virtual assistants. In human communication, we can recover from them by repeating misrecognized words or phrases; however in human-machine communication this recovery mechanism is not available. In this paper, we attempt to bridge this gap and present a system that allows a user to correct speech recognition errors in a virtual assistant by repeating misunderstood words. When a user repeats part of the phrase the system rewrites the original query to incorporate the correction. This rewrite allows the virtual assistant to understand the original query successfully. We present an end-to-end 2-step attention pointer network that can generate the the rewritten query by merging together the incorrectly understood utterance with the correction follow-up. We evaluate the model on data collected for this task and compare the proposed model to a rule-based baseline and a standard pointer network. We show that rewriting the original query is an effective way to handle repetition-based recovery and that the proposed model outperforms the rule based baseline, reducing Word Error Rate by 19% relative at 2% False Alarm Rate on annotated data.      
### 48.Waveform Selection for Radar Tracking in Target Channels With Memory via Universal Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01181.pdf)
>  In tracking radar, the sensing environment often varies significantly over a track duration due to the target's trajectory and dynamic interference. Adapting the radar's waveform using partial information about the state of the scene has been shown to provide performance benefits in many practical scenarios. Moreover, radar measurements generally exhibit strong temporal correlation, allowing memory-based learning algorithms to effectively learn waveform selection strategies. This work examines a radar system which builds a compressed model of the radar-environment interface in the form of a context-tree. The radar uses this context tree-based model to select waveforms in a signal-dependent target channel, which may respond adversarially to the radar's strategy. This approach is guaranteed to asymptotically converge to the average-cost optimal policy for any stationary target channel that can be represented as a Markov process of order U &lt; $\infty$, where the constant U is unknown to the radar. The proposed approach is tested in a simulation study, and is shown to provide tracking performance improvements over two state-of-the-art waveform selection schemes.      
### 49.Data Collection and Labeling of Real-Time IoT-Enabled Bio-Signals in Everyday Settings for Mental Health Improvement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01169.pdf)
>  Real-time physiological data collection and analysis play a central role in modern well-being applications. Personalized classifiers and detectors have been shown to outperform general classifiers in many contexts. However, building effective personalized classifiers in everyday settings - as opposed to controlled settings - necessitates the online collection of a labeled dataset by interacting with the user. This need leads to several challenges, ranging from building an effective system for the collection of the signals and labels, to developing strategies to interact with the user and building a dataset that represents the many user contexts that occur in daily life. Based on a stress detection use case, this paper (1) builds a system for the real-time collection and analysis of photoplethysmogram, acceleration, gyroscope, and gravity data from a wearable sensor, as well as self-reported stress labels based on Ecological Momentary Assessment (EMA), and (2) collects and analyzes a dataset to extract statistics of users' response to queries and the quality of the collected signals as a function of the context, here defined as the user's activity and the time of the day.      
### 50.Speaker Adaptation with Continuous Vocoder-based DNN-TTS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01154.pdf)
>  Traditional vocoder-based statistical parametric speech synthesis can be advantageous in applications that require low computational complexity. Recent neural vocoders, which can produce high naturalness, still cannot fulfill the requirement of being real-time during synthesis. In this paper, we experiment with our earlier continuous vocoder, in which the excitation is modeled with two one-dimensional parameters: continuous F0 and Maximum Voiced Frequency. We show on the data of 9 speakers that an average voice can be trained for DNN-TTS, and speaker adaptation is feasible 400 utterances (about 14 minutes). Objective experiments support that the quality of speaker adaptation with Continuous Vocoder-based DNN-TTS is similar to the quality of the speaker adaptation with a WORLD Vocoder-based baseline.      
### 51.Decoupling recognition and transcription in Mandarin ASR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01129.pdf)
>  Much of the recent literature on automatic speech recognition (ASR) is taking an end-to-end approach. Unlike English where the writing system is closely related to sound, Chinese characters (Hanzi) represent meaning, not sound. We propose factoring audio -&gt; Hanzi into two sub-tasks: (1) audio -&gt; Pinyin and (2) Pinyin -&gt; Hanzi, where Pinyin is a system of phonetic transcription of standard Chinese. Factoring the audio -&gt; Hanzi task in this way achieves 3.9% CER (character error rate) on the Aishell-1 corpus, the best result reported on this dataset so far.      
### 52.Hybrid Quantum-Classical Neural Network for Incident Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01127.pdf)
>  The efficiency and reliability of real-time incident detection models directly impact the affected corridors' traffic safety and operational conditions. The recent emergence of cloud-based quantum computing infrastructure and innovations in noisy intermediate-scale quantum devices have revealed a new era of quantum-enhanced algorithms that can be leveraged to improve real-time incident detection accuracy. In this research, a hybrid machine learning model, which includes classical and quantum machine learning (ML) models, is developed to identify incidents using the connected vehicle (CV) data. The incident detection performance of the hybrid model is evaluated against baseline classical ML models. The framework is evaluated using data from a microsimulation tool for different incident scenarios. The results indicate that a hybrid neural network containing a 4-qubit quantum layer outperforms all other baseline models when there is a lack of training data. We have created three datasets; DS-1 with sufficient training data, and DS-2 and DS-3 with insufficient training data. The hybrid model achieves a recall of 98.9%, 98.3%, and 96.6% for DS-1, DS-2, and DS-3, respectively. For DS-2 and DS-3, the average improvement in F2-score (measures model's performance to correctly identify incidents) achieved by the hybrid model is 1.9% and 7.8%, respectively, compared to the classical models. It shows that with insufficient data, which may be common for CVs, the hybrid ML model will perform better than the classical models. With the continuing improvements of quantum computing infrastructure, the quantum ML models could be a promising alternative for CV-related applications when the available data is insufficient.      
### 53.Triangular body-cover model of the vocal folds with coordinated activation of five intrinsic laryngeal muscles with applications to vocal hyperfunction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.01115.pdf)
>  Poor laryngeal muscle coordination that results in abnormal glottal posturing is believed to be a primary etiologic factor in common voice disorders such as non-phonotraumatic vocal hyperfunction. An imbalance in the activity of antagonistic laryngeal muscles is hypothesized to play a key role in the alteration of normal vocal fold biomechanics that results in the dysphonia associated with such disorders. Current low-order models are unsatisfactory to test this hypothesis since they do not capture the co-contraction of antagonist laryngeal muscle pairs. To address this limitation, a scheme for controlling a self-sustained triangular body-cover model with intrinsic muscle control is introduced. The approach builds upon prior efforts and allows for exploring the role of antagonistic muscle pairs in phonation. The proposed scheme is illustrated through the ample agreement with prior studies using finite element models, excised larynges, and clinical studies in sustained and time-varying vocal gestures. Pilot simulations of abnormal scenarios illustrated that poorly regulated and elevated muscle activities result in more abducted prephonatory posturing, which lead to inefficient phonation and subglottal pressure compensation to regain loudness. The proposed tool is deemed sufficiently accurate and flexible for future comprehensive investigations of non-phonotraumatic vocal hyperfunction and other laryngeal motor control disorders.      
