# ArXiv eess --Fri, 6 Aug 2021
### 1.Sinsy: A Deep Neural Network-Based Singing Voice Synthesis System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02776.pdf)
>  This paper presents Sinsy, a deep neural network (DNN)-based singing voice synthesis (SVS) system. In recent years, DNNs have been utilized in statistical parametric SVS systems, and DNN-based SVS systems have demonstrated better performance than conventional hidden Markov model-based ones. SVS systems are required to synthesize a singing voice with pitch and timing that strictly follow a given musical score. Additionally, singing expressions that are not described on the musical score, such as vibrato and timing fluctuations, should be reproduced. The proposed system is composed of four modules: a time-lag model, a duration model, an acoustic model, and a vocoder, and singing voices can be synthesized taking these characteristics of singing voices into account. To better model a singing voice, the proposed system incorporates improved approaches to modeling pitch and vibrato and better training criteria into the acoustic model. In addition, we incorporated PeriodNet, a non-autoregressive neural vocoder with robustness for the pitch, into our systems to generate a high-fidelity singing voice waveform. Moreover, we propose automatic pitch correction techniques for DNN-based SVS to synthesize singing voices with correct pitch even if the training data has out-of-tune phrases. Experimental results show our system can synthesize a singing voice with better timing, more natural vibrato, and correct pitch, and it can achieve better mean opinion scores in subjective evaluation tests.      
### 2.Safe Motion Planning against Multimodal Distributions based on a Scenario Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02753.pdf)
>  We present the design of a motion planning algorithm that ensures safety for an autonomous vehicle. In particular, we consider a multimodal distribution over uncertainties; for example, the uncertain predictions of future trajectories of surrounding vehicles reflect discrete decisions, such as turning or going straight at intersections. We develop a computationally efficient, scenario-based approach that solves the motion planning problem with high confidence given a quantifiable number of samples from the multimodal distribution. Our approach is based on two preprocessing steps, which 1) separate the samples into distinct clusters and 2) compute a bounding polytope for each cluster. Then, we rewrite the motion planning problem approximately as a mixed-integer problem using the polytopes. We demonstrate via simulation on the nuScenes dataset that our approach ensures safety with high probability in the presence of multimodal uncertainties, and is computationally more efficient and less conservative than a conventional scenario approach.      
### 3.An Encoder-Decoder Based Audio Captioning System With Transfer and Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02752.pdf)
>  Automated audio captioning aims to use natural language to describe the content of audio data. This paper presents an audio captioning system with an encoder-decoder architecture, where the decoder predicts words based on audio features extracted by the encoder. To improve the proposed system, transfer learning from either an upstream audio-related task or a large in-domain dataset is introduced to mitigate the problem induced by data scarcity. Besides, evaluation metrics are incorporated into the optimization of the model with reinforcement learning, which helps address the problem of ``exposure bias'' induced by ``teacher forcing'' training strategy and the mismatch between the evaluation metrics and the loss function. The resulting system was ranked 3rd in DCASE 2021 Task 6. Ablation studies are carried out to investigate how much each element in the proposed system can contribute to final performance. The results show that the proposed techniques significantly improve the scores of the evaluation metrics, however, reinforcement learning may impact adversely on the quality of the generated captions.      
### 4.A Nonlinear High-Resolution Beamforming for Plane Wave Ultrasound Flow Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02688.pdf)
>  Inspired from the delay multiply and sum beamforming in B-mode imaging, this article presents a novel nonlinear beamforming technique to improve the sensitivity and resolution in high frame rate flow imaging. The proposed non-linear high-resolution (NLHR) beamforming approach ensures proper beam width throughout the region of interest and synthesize multiple high resolution sub-aperture beams at receive by employing a multiply and sum based beamforming technique. The proposed beamforming technique is investigated for a directional cross-correlation based velocity estimator as well as an autocorrelation based velocity estimator with typical parabolic flow profiles of different velocities and flow direction. The improvement in sensitivity and Doppler resolution is evaluated with complex pulsatile flows in simulations with different peak velocities and durations. Further the technique is validated using pulsatile flow phantom experiments. The sensitivity of NLHR beamforming is demonstrated by evaluating a sudden change in flow direction imposed during the phantom experiment. The spatial resolving capability is evaluated with an air bubble tracking experiment using flow phantom. Preliminary studies on the in-vivo carotid data further validates the enhanced sensitivity and resolution achieved by the proposed technique. Detailed results for each test case in simulation, phantom and in-vivo studies are attached as movies in the supplementary materials and are available online.      
### 5.An Angle Independent Depth Aware Fusion Beamforming Approach for Ultrafast Ultrasound Flow Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02687.pdf)
>  In the case of vector flow imaging systems, the most employed flow estimation techniques are the directional beamforming based cross correlation and the triangulation-based autocorrelation. However, the directional beamforming-based techniques require an additional angle estimator and are not reliable if the flow angle is not constant throughout the region of interest. On the other hand, estimates with triangulation-based techniques are prone to large bias and variance at low imaging depths due to limited angle for left and right apertures. In view of this, a novel angle independent depth aware fusion beamforming approach is proposed and evaluated in this paper. The hypothesis behind the proposed approach is that the peripheral flows are transverse in nature, where directional beamforming can be employed without the need of an angle estimator and the deeper flows being non-transverse and directional, triangulation-based vector flow imaging can be employed. In the simulation study, an overall 67.62% and 74.71% reduction in magnitude bias along with a slight reduction in the standard deviation are observed with the proposed fusion beamforming approach when compared to triangulation-based beamforming and directional beamforming, respectively, when implemented individually. The efficacy of the proposed approach is demonstrated with in-vivo experiments.      
### 6.A 2-$μ$J, 12-class, 91% Accuracy Spiking Neural Network Approach For Radar Gesture Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02669.pdf)
>  Radar processing via spiking neural networks (SNNs) has recently emerged as a solution in the field of ultra-low-power wireless human-computer interaction. Compared to traditional energy- and area-hungry deep learning methods, SNNs are significantly more energy efficient and can be deployed in the growing number of compact SNN accelerator chips, making them a better solution for ubiquitous IoT applications. We propose a novel SNN strategy for radar gesture recognition, achieving more than 91% of accuracy on two different radar datasets. Our work significantly differs from previous approaches as 1) we use a novel radar-SNN training strategy, 2) we use quantized weights, enabling power-efficient implementation in real-world SNN hardware, and 3) we report the SNN energy consumption per classification, clearly demonstrating the real-world feasibility and power savings induced by SNN-based radar processing. We release evaluation code to help future research.      
### 7.Real-time Eco-Driving Control in Electrified Connected and Autonomous Vehicles using Approximate Dynamic Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02652.pdf)
>  Connected and Automated Vehicles (CAVs), particularly those with a hybrid electric powertrain, have the potential to significantly improve vehicle energy savings in real-world driving conditions. In particular, the Eco-Driving problem seeks to design optimal speed and power usage profiles based on available information from connectivity and advanced mapping features to minimize the fuel consumption over an itinerary. This paper presents a hierarchical multi-layer Model Predictive Control (MPC) approach for improving the fuel economy of a 48V mild-hybrid powertrain in a connected vehicle environment. Approximate Dynamic Programming (ADP) is used to solve the Receding Horizon Optimal Control Problem (RHOCP), where the terminal cost for the RHOCP is approximated as the base-policy obtained from the long-term optimization. <br>The controller was extensively tested virtually (using both deterministic and Monte Carlo simulations) across multiple real-world routes where energy savings of more than 20\% have been demonstrated. Further, the developed controller was deployed and tested at a proving ground in real-time on a test vehicle equipped with a rapid prototyping embedded controller. Real-time in-vehicle testing confirmed the energy savings observed in simulation and demonstrated the ability of the developed controller to be effective in real-time applications.      
### 8.Stochastic Analysis of the Diffusion Least Mean Square and Normalized Least Mean Square Algorithms for Cyclostationary White Gaussian and Non-Gaussian Inputs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02616.pdf)
>  The diffusion least mean square (DLMS) and the diffusion normalized least mean square (DNLMS) algorithms are analyzed for a network having a fusion center. This structure reduces the dimensionality of the resulting stochastic models while preserving important diffusion properties. The analysis is done in a system identification framework for cyclostationary white nodal inputs. The system parameters vary according to a random walk model. The cyclostationarity is modeled by periodic time variations of the nodal input powers. The analysis holds for all types of nodal input distributions and nodal input power variations. The derived models consist of simple scalar recursions. These recursions facilitate the understanding of the network mean and mean-square dependence upon the 1) nodal weighting coefficients, 2) nodal input kurtosis and cyclostationarities, 3) nodal noise powers and 4) the unknown system mean-square parameter increments. Optimization of the node weighting coefficients is studied. Also investigated is the stability dependence of the two algorithms upon the nodal input kurtosis and weighting coefficients. Significant differences are found between the behaviors of the DLMS and DNLMS algorithms for non-Gaussian nodal inputs. Simulations provide strong support for the theory.      
### 9.Impact of Receiver Antenna Polarization and Resource Scheduler on the Downlink Performance of High Velocity Users in 5G Millimeter Wave Small Cell Technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02611.pdf)
>  With the occupancy of the existing frequency spectrum the demands of the skyrocketing data traffic paved the path for 5G millimeter Wave (mmWave) technology. The wide frequency spectrum and high directivity can elevate the mean data rate. This performance gain comes at the cost of a higher pathloss which limits the use of mmWave technology to small cells. Also at such high frequencies the multipath components and blockages appear as persistent barriers leading to alteration of antenna polarization, affecting resource scheduler performance and throughput degradation. The impact of these barriers for high velocity user equipments (UEs) in mmWave network is still left to be studied. Using closed loop spatial multiplexing transmission scheme this study analyses the effect of receiver antenna polarization and types of resource scheduler used in base station on the downlink performance of mobile users (0-120kmph) in the mmWave small cell network. Thorough investigation has been conducted to infer which antenna combination should be advantageous under different scheduling algorithms for high mobility UEs. Our results indicate that the scheduler performance is complimented by the receiver antenna polarization, and by appropriate selection a better downlink performance can be sustained. Also reception under linear polarization performs better over circular polarization for high velocity UEs.      
### 10.Optimal Transport for Unsupervised Restoration Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02574.pdf)
>  Recently, much progress has been made in unsupervised restoration learning. However, existing methods more or less rely on some assumptions on the signal and/or degradation model, which limits their practical performance. How to construct an optimal criterion for unsupervised restoration learning without any prior knowledge on the degradation model is still an open question. Toward answering this question, this work proposes a criterion for unsupervised restoration learning based on the optimal transport theory. This criterion has favorable properties, e.g., approximately maximal preservation of the information of the signal, whilst achieving perceptual reconstruction. Furthermore, though a relaxed unconstrained formulation is used in practical implementation, we show that the relaxed formulation in theory has the same solution as the original constrained formulation. Experiments on synthetic and real-world data, including realistic photographic, microscopy, depth, and raw depth images, demonstrate that the proposed method even compares favorably with supervised methods, e.g., approaching the PSNR of supervised methods while having better perceptual quality. Particularly, for spatially correlated noise and realistic microscopy images, the proposed method not only achieves better perceptual quality but also has higher PSNR than supervised methods. Besides, it shows remarkable superiority in harsh practical conditions with complex noise, e.g., raw depth images.      
### 11.Cooperative Localization and Multitarget Tracking in Agent Networks with the Sum-Product Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02573.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of multitarget tracking using a network of sensing agents with unknown positions. Agents have to both localize themselves in the sensor network and, at the same time, perform multitarget tracking in the presence of clutter and target miss detection. These two problems are jointly resolved in a holistic approach where graph theory is used to describe the statistical relationships among agent states, target states, and observations. A scalable message passing scheme, based on the sum-product algorithm, enables to efficiently approximate the marginal posterior distributions of both agent and target states. The proposed solution is general enough to accommodate a full multistatic network configuration, with multiple transmitters and receivers. Numerical simulations show superior performance of the proposed joint approach with respect to the case in which cooperative self-localization and multitarget tracking are performed separately, as the former manages to extract valuable information from targets. Lastly, data acquired in 2018 by the NATO Science and Technology (STO) Centre for Maritime Research and Experimentation (CMRE) through a network of autonomous underwater vehicles demonstrates the effectiveness of the approach in practical applications.      
### 12.Comparison of Lossless Image Formats  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02557.pdf)
>  In recent years, a bag with image and video compression formats has been torn. However, most of them are focused on lossy compression and only marginally support the lossless mode. In this paper, I will focus on lossless formats and the critical question: "Which one is the most efficient?" It turned out that FLIF is currently the most efficient format for lossless image compression. This finding is in contrast to that FLIF developers stopped its development in favor of JPEG XL.      
### 13.Fully Neural Network Mode Based Intra Prediction of Variable Block Size  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02503.pdf)
>  Intra prediction is an essential component in the image coding. This paper gives an intra prediction framework completely based on neural network modes (NM). Each NM can be regarded as a regression from the neighboring reference blocks to the current coding block. (1) For variable block size, we utilize different network structures. For small blocks 4x4 and 8x8, fully connected networks are used, while for large blocks 16x16 and 32x32, convolutional neural networks are exploited. (2) For each prediction mode, we develop a specific pre-trained network to boost the regression accuracy. When integrating into HEVC test model, we can save 3.55%, 3.03% and 3.27% BD-rate for Y, U, V components compared with the anchor. As far as we know, this is the first work to explore a fully NM based framework for intra prediction, and we reach a better coding gain with a lower complexity compared with the previous work.      
### 14.Joint Geometry and Color Projection-based Point Cloud Quality Metric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02481.pdf)
>  Point cloud coding solutions have been recently standardized to address the needs of multiple application scenarios. The design and assessment of point cloud coding methods require reliable objective quality metrics to evaluate the level of degradation introduced by compression or any other type of processing. Several point cloud objective quality metrics has been recently proposed to reliable estimate human perceived quality, including the so-called projection-based metrics. In this context, this paper proposes a joint geometry and color projection-based point cloud objective quality metric which solves the critical weakness of this type of quality metrics, i.e., the misalignment between the reference and degraded projected images. Moreover, the proposed point cloud quality metric exploits the best performing 2D quality metrics in the literature to assess the quality of the projected images. The experimental results show that the proposed projection-based quality metric offers the best subjective-objective correlation performance in comparison with other metrics in the literature. The Pearson correlation gains regarding D1-PSNR and D2-PSNR metrics are 17% and 14.2 when data with all coding degradations is considered.      
### 15.Throughput maximization of an IRS-assisted wireless powered network with interference: A deep unsupervised learning approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02478.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS)-assisted wireless powered communication network (WPCN) in which a multi antenna power beacon (PB) sends a dedicated energy signal to a wireless powered source. The source first harvests energy and then utilizing this harvested energy, it sends an information signal to destination where an external interference is also present. More specifically, we formulated an analytical problem in which objective is to maximize the throughput by jointly optimizing the energy harvesting (EH) time and IRS phase-shift matrices corresponding to both energy transfer and information transfer phases. The formulated optimization problem is high dimensional non-convex, thus a good quality solution can be obtained by invoking any evolutionary algorithm such as Genetic algorithm (GA). It is well-known that the performance of GA is generally remarkable, however it incurs a high computational complexity. Thus, GA is unable to solve the considered optimization problem within channel coherence time, which limits its practical use. To this end, we propose a deep unsupervised learning (DUL) based approach in which a neural network (NN) is trained very efficiently as time-consuming task of labeling a data set is not required. Numerical examples show that the proposed approach significantly reduces time complexity making it feasible for practical use with a small loss in achievable throughput as compared to the GA. Nevertheless, it is also shown through numerical results that this small loss in throughput can be reduced further either by increasing the number of antennas at the PB and/or decreasing the number of reflecting elements of the IRS.      
### 16.Variable-Speed Wind Turbine Control Designed for Coordinated Fast Frequency Reserves  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02427.pdf)
>  Modern power systems present low levels of inertia due to the growing shares of converter-interfaced generation. Consequently, renewable energy sources are increasingly requested to provide frequency support. In addition, due to the inertia loss, the requirements regarding frequency containment reserves (FCR) are becoming tough to meet with traditional units such as hydro, whose non-minimum phase (NMP) characteristic reduces the closed-loop stability margins. The shortcomings of traditional synchronous generation motivates new protocols for fast frequency reserves (FFR). In this work, we design a wind turbine (WT) model useful for FFR. It is shown that the dynamical shortcomings of the WT, in providing steady-power or slow FCR support, are suitably described by a first-order transfer function with a slow NMP zero. The WT model is tested in a 5-machine representation of the Nordic synchronous grid. It is shown that the NMP model is useful for designing a controller that coordinates FFR from wind with slow FCR from hydro turbines. By simulating the disconnection of a 1400 MW importing dc link in a detailed nonlinear model, it is shown that the wind--hydro combination not only satisfies the latest regulations, but also presents a smooth response avoiding overshoot and secondary frequency dips during frequency recovery.      
### 17.Voltage Stability Studies for Distribution Networks: Assessing Load Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02409.pdf)
>  This paper presents an investigation into load dynamics that potentially cause voltage instability or collapse in distribution networks. Through phasor-based, time domain simulations of a dynamic load (DL) model from the literature, we show that the load dynamics alone do not cause voltage instability or collapse. By comparing the DL model to a benchmark model, we identify an important limitation with the DL model. We characterise this limitation and recommend that future work use load models with physical state variables. By investigating when and how load dynamics cause voltage instability, we are well-positioned to develop systems to control and maintain voltage stability in distribution networks.      
### 18.Online Model-Free Reinforcement Learning for the Automatic Control of a Flexible Wing Aircraft  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02393.pdf)
>  The control problem of the flexible wing aircraft is challenging due to the prevailing and high nonlinear deformations in the flexible wing system. This urged for new control mechanisms that are robust to the real-time variations in the wing's aerodynamics. An online control mechanism based on a value iteration reinforcement learning process is developed for flexible wing aerial structures. It employs a model-free control policy framework and a guaranteed convergent adaptive learning architecture to solve the system's Bellman optimality equation. A Riccati equation is derived and shown to be equivalent to solving the underlying Bellman equation. The online reinforcement learning solution is implemented using means of an adaptive-critic mechanism. The controller is proven to be asymptotically stable in the Lyapunov sense. It is assessed through computer simulations and its superior performance is demonstrated on two scenarios under different operating conditions.      
### 19.Efficient Epileptic Seizure Detection Using CNN-Aided Factor Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02372.pdf)
>  We propose a computationally efficient algorithm for seizure detection. Instead of using a purely data-driven approach, we develop a hybrid model-based/data-driven method, combining convolutional neural networks with factor graph inference. On the CHB-MIT dataset, we demonstrate that the proposed method can generalize well in a 6 fold leave-4-patientout evaluation. Moreover, it is shown that our algorithm can achieve as much as 5% absolute improvement in performance compared to previous data-driven methods. This is achieved while the computational complexity of the proposed technique is a fraction of the complexity of prior work, making it suitable for real-time seizure detection.      
### 20.CoMP Transmission in Downlink NOMA-Based Indoor VLC Cellular Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02361.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the dynamic power allocation for a visible light communication (VLC) cellular system consisting of two coordinating attocells, each equipped with one access-point (AP). The joint-transmission coordinated multipoint (JT-CoMP) between the two cells is introduced to assist users experiencing high inter-cell-interference (ICI), especially the ones located at the edge of both cells, where each cell invokes non-orthogonal-multiple-access (NOMA) to serve its associated users. A power allocation framework is formulated as an optimization problem with the objective of maximizing the network sum-rate while guaranteeing a certain quality-of-service (QoS) for each user. The formulated optimization problem is not concave, which is difficult to be solved directly unless using heuristic methods, which comes at the expense of high computational complexity. To overcome this issue, an optimal and low complexity power allocation scheme is derived. In the simulation results, the performance of the proposed CoMP-assisted NOMA scheme is compared with those of the CoMP-assisted orthogonal-multiple-access (OMA) scheme, the NOMA scheme and the OMA scheme where the superiority of the proposed scheme is demonstrated. Finally, the performance of the proposed scheme and the considered baselines is evaluated while varying the coverage area of each attocell and the distance between the APs.      
### 21.Joint Resource Allocation and Phase Shift Optimization for RIS-Aided eMBB/URLLC Traffic Multiplexing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02346.pdf)
>  This paper studies the coexistence of enhanced mobile broadband (eMBB) and ultra-reliable and low-latency communication (URLLC) services in a cellular network that is assisted by a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS). The system model consists of one base station (BS) and one RIS that is deployed to enhance the performance of both eMBB and URLLC in terms of the achievable data rate and reliability, respectively. We formulate two optimization problems, a time slot basis eMBB allocation problem and a mini-time slot basis URLLC allocation problem. The eMBB allocation problem aims at maximizing the eMBB sum rate by jointly optimizing the power allocation at the BS and the RIS phase-shift matrix while satisfying the eMBB rate constraint. On the other hand, the URLLC allocation problem is formulated as a multi-objective problem with the goal of maximizing the URLLC admitted packets and minimizing the eMBB rate loss. This is achieved by jointly optimizing the power and frequency allocations along with the RIS phase-shift matrix. In order to avoid the violation in the URLLC latency requirements, we propose a novel framework in which the RIS phase-shift matrix that enhances the URLLC reliability is proactively designed at the beginning of the time slot. For the sake of solving the URLLC allocation problem, two algorithms are proposed, namely, an optimization-based URLLC allocation algorithm and a heuristic algorithm. The simulation results show that the heuristic algorithm has a low time complexity, which makes it practical for real-time and efficient multiplexing between eMBB and URLLC traffic. In addition, using only 60 RIS elements, we observe that the proposed scheme achieves around 99.99\% URLLC packets admission rate compared to 95.6\% when there is no RIS, while also achieving up to 70\% enhancement on the eMBB sum rate.      
### 22.Efficient Fourier single-pixel imaging with Gaussian random sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02317.pdf)
>  Fourier single-pixel imaging (FSI) is a branch of single-pixel imaging techniques. It uses Fourier basis patterns as structured patterns for spatial information acquisition in the Fourier domain. However, the spatial resolution of the image reconstructed by FSI mainly depends on the number of Fourier coefficients sampled. The reconstruction of a high-resolution image typically requires a number of Fourier coefficients to be sampled, and therefore takes a long data acquisition time. Here we propose a new sampling strategy for FSI. It allows FSI to reconstruct a clear and sharp image with a reduced number of measurements. The core of the proposed sampling strategy is to perform a variable density sampling in the Fourier space and, more importantly, the density with respect to the importance of Fourier coefficients is subject to a one-dimensional Gaussian function. Combined with compressive sensing, the proposed sampling strategy enables better reconstruction quality than conventional sampling strategies, especially when the sampling ratio is low. We experimentally demonstrate compressive FSI combined with the proposed sampling strategy is able to reconstruct a sharp and clear image of 256-by-256 pixels with a sampling ratio of 10%. The proposed method enables fast single-pixel imaging and provides a new approach for efficient spatial information acquisition.      
### 23.Indoor Localization Under Limited Measurements: A Cross-Environment Joint Semi-Supervised and Transfer Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02257.pdf)
>  The development of highly accurate deep learning methods for indoor localization is often hindered by the unavailability of sufficient data measurements in the desired environment to perform model training. To overcome the challenge of collecting costly measurements, this paper proposes a cross-environment approach that compensates for insufficient labelled measurements via a joint semi-supervised and transfer learning technique to transfer, in an appropriate manner, the model obtained from a rich-data environment to the desired environment for which data is limited. This is achieved via a sequence of operations that exploit the similarity across environments to enhance unlabelled data model training of the desired environment. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed cross-environment approach outperforms the conventional method, convolutional neural network (CNN), with a significant increase in localization accuracy, up to 43%. Moreover, with only 40% data measurements, the proposed cross-environment approach compensates for data inadequacy and replicates the localization accuracy of the conventional method, CNN, which uses 75% data measurements.      
### 24.Dynamics and control of automobiles using nonholonomic vehicle models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02230.pdf)
>  Nonholonomic models of automobiles are developed by utilizing tools of analytical mechanics, in particular the Appellian approach that allows one to describe the vehicle dynamics with minimum number of time-dependent state variables. The models are categorized based on how they represent the wheel-ground contact, whether they incorporate the longitudinal dynamics, and whether they consider the steering dynamics. It is demonstrated that the developed models can be used to design low-complexity controllers that enable automated vehicles to execute a large variety of maneuvers with high precision.      
### 25.Electromagnetic Modeling of Lossy Materials with a Potential-Based Boundary Element Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02764.pdf)
>  The boundary element method (BEM) enables solving three-dimensional electromagnetic problems using a two-dimensional surface mesh, making it appealing for applications ranging from electrical interconnect analysis to the design of metasurfaces. The BEM typically involves the electric and magnetic fields as unknown quantities. Formulations based on electromagnetic potentials rather than fields have garnered interest recently, for two main reasons: (a) they are inherently stable at low frequencies, including DC, unlike many field-based approaches, and (b) potentials provide a more direct interface to quantum physical phenomena. Existing potential-based formulations for electromagnetic scattering have been proposed primarily for perfect conductors. We develop a potential-based BEM formulation which is applicable for both mildly and highly conductive objects, and accurately models the skin effect over broad ranges of frequency. The accuracy of the proposed formulation is validated through canonical and realistic numerical examples.      
### 26.Link Quality-Guaranteed Minimum-Cost Millimeter-Wave Base Station Deployment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02716.pdf)
>  Today's growth in the volume of wireless devices coupled with the promise of supporting data-intensive 5G-&amp;-beyond use cases is driving the industry to deploy more millimeter-wave (mmWave) base stations (BSs). Although mmWave cellular systems can carry a larger volume of traffic, dense deployment, in turn, increases the BS installation and maintenance cost, which has been largely ignored in their utilization. In this paper, we present an approach to the problem of mmWave BS deployment in urban environments by minimizing BS deployment cost subject to BS association and user equipment (UE) outage constraints. By exploiting the macro diversity, which enables each UE to be associated with multiple BSs, we derive an expression for UE outage that integrates physical blockage, UE access-limited blockage, and signal-to-interference-plus-noise-ratio (SINR) outage into its expression. The minimum-cost BS deployment problem is then formulated as integer non-linear programming (INP). The combinatorial nature of the problem motivates the pursuit of the optimal solution by decomposing the original problem into the two separable subproblems, i.e., cell coverage optimization and minimum subset selection subproblems. We provide the optimal solution and theoretical justifications for each subproblem. The simulation results demonstrating UE outage guarantees of the proposed method are presented. Interestingly, the proposed method produces a unique distribution of the macro-diversity orders over the network that is distinct from other benchmarks.      
### 27.Lyapunov Robust Constrained-MDPs: Soft-Constrained Robustly Stable Policy Optimization under Model Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02701.pdf)
>  Safety and robustness are two desired properties for any reinforcement learning algorithm. CMDPs can handle additional safety constraints and RMDPs can perform well under model uncertainties. In this paper, we propose to unite these two frameworks resulting in robust constrained MDPs (RCMDPs). The motivation is to develop a framework that can satisfy safety constraints while also simultaneously offer robustness to model uncertainties. We develop the RCMDP objective, derive gradient update formula to optimize this objective and then propose policy gradient based algorithms. We also independently propose Lyapunov based reward shaping for RCMDPs, yielding better stability and convergence properties.      
### 28.Next-Gen Gas Network Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02651.pdf)
>  To overcome many-query optimization, control, or uncertainty quantification work loads in reliable gas and energy network operations, model order reduction is the mathematical technology of choice. To this end, we enhance the model, solver and reductor components of the "morgen" platform, introduced in Himpe et al [J.~Math.~Ind. 11:13, 2021], and conclude with a mathematically, numerically and computationally favorable model-solver-reductor ensemble.      
### 29.MSTRE-Net: Multistreaming Acoustic Modeling for Automatic Lyrics Transcription  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02625.pdf)
>  This paper makes several contributions to automatic lyrics transcription (ALT) research. Our main contribution is a novel variant of the Multistreaming Time-Delay Neural Network (MTDNN) architecture, called MSTRE-Net, which processes the temporal information using multiple streams in parallel with varying resolutions keeping the network more compact, and thus with a faster inference and an improved recognition rate than having identical TDNN streams. In addition, two novel preprocessing steps prior to training the acoustic model are proposed. First, we suggest using recordings from both monophonic and polyphonic domains during training the acoustic model. Second, we tag monophonic and polyphonic recordings with distinct labels for discriminating non-vocal silence and music instances during alignment. Moreover, we present a new test set with a considerably larger size and a higher musical variability compared to the existing datasets used in ALT literature, while maintaining the gender balance of the singers. Our best performing model sets the state-of-the-art in lyrics transcription by a large margin. For reproducibility, we publicly share the identifiers to retrieve the data used in this paper.      
### 30.UniCon: Unified Context Network for Robust Active Speaker Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02607.pdf)
>  We introduce a new efficient framework, the Unified Context Network (UniCon), for robust active speaker detection (ASD). Traditional methods for ASD usually operate on each candidate's pre-cropped face track separately and do not sufficiently consider the relationships among the candidates. This potentially limits performance, especially in challenging scenarios with low-resolution faces, multiple candidates, etc. Our solution is a novel, unified framework that focuses on jointly modeling multiple types of contextual information: spatial context to indicate the position and scale of each candidate's face, relational context to capture the visual relationships among the candidates and contrast audio-visual affinities with each other, and temporal context to aggregate long-term information and smooth out local uncertainties. Based on such information, our model optimizes all candidates in a unified process for robust and reliable ASD. A thorough ablation study is performed on several challenging ASD benchmarks under different settings. In particular, our method outperforms the state-of-the-art by a large margin of about 15% mean Average Precision (mAP) absolute on two challenging subsets: one with three candidate speakers, and the other with faces smaller than 64 pixels. Together, our UniCon achieves 92.0% mAP on the AVA-ActiveSpeaker validation set, surpassing 90% for the first time on this challenging dataset at the time of submission. Project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://unicon-asd.github.io/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Tikhonov Regularization of Circle-Valued Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02602.pdf)
>  It is common to have to process signals or images whose values are cyclic and can be represented as points on the complex circle, like wrapped phases, angles, orientations, or color hues. We consider a Tikhonov-type regularization model to smoothen or interpolate circle-valued signals defined on arbitrary graphs. We propose a convex relaxation of this nonconvex problem as a semidefinite program, and an efficient algorithm to solve it.      
### 32.Chaos Synchronization using Nonlinear Observers with applications to Cryptography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02577.pdf)
>  The goal of this survey paper is to provide an introduction to chaos synchronization using nonlinear observers and its applications in cryptography. I start with an overview of cryptography. Then, I recall the basics of chaos theory and how to use chaotic systems for cryptography, with an introduction to the problem of chaos synchronization. Then, I present the theory of non-linear observers, which is used for the synchronization of chaotic systems. I start with an explanation of the observability problem. Then, I introduce some of the classical observers: Kalman filter, Luenberger observer, Extended Kalman filter, Thau's observer, and High gain observer. I finish by introducing the more advanced observers: Adaptive observers, Unknown inputs observers, Sliding mode observers and ANFIS (Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Inference Systems) observers.      
### 33.Performer Identification From Symbolic Representation of Music Using Statistical Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02576.pdf)
>  Music Performers have their own idiosyncratic way of interpreting a musical piece. A group of skilled performers playing the same piece of music would likely to inject their unique artistic styles in their performances. The variations of the tempo, timing, dynamics, articulation etc. from the actual notated music are what make the performers unique in their performances. This study presents a dataset consisting of four movements of Schubert's ``Sonata in B-flat major, D.960" performed by nine virtuoso pianists individually. We proposed and extracted a set of expressive features that are able to capture the characteristics of an individual performer's style. We then present a performer identification method based on the similarity of feature distribution, given a set of piano performances. The identification is done considering each feature individually as well as a fusion of the features. Results show that the proposed method achieved a precision of 0.903 using fusion features. Moreover, the onset time deviation feature shows promising result when considered individually.      
### 34.Dependable Neural Networks Through Redundancy, A Comparison of Redundant Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02565.pdf)
>  With edge-AI finding an increasing number of real-world applications, especially in industry, the question of functionally safe applications using AI has begun to be asked. In this body of work, we explore the issue of achieving dependable operation of neural networks. We discuss the issue of dependability in general implementation terms before examining lockstep solutions. We intuit that it is not necessarily a given that two similar neural networks generate results at precisely the same time and that synchronization between the platforms will be required. We perform some preliminary measurements that may support this intuition and introduce some work in implementing lockstep neural network engines.      
### 35.GuavaNet: A deep neural network architecture for automatic sensory evaluation to predict degree of acceptability for Guava by a consumer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02563.pdf)
>  This thesis is divided into two parts:Part I: Analysis of Fruits, Vegetables, Cheese and Fish based on Image Processing using Computer Vision and Deep Learning: A Review. It consists of a comprehensive review of image processing, computer vision and deep learning techniques applied to carry out analysis of fruits, vegetables, cheese and fish.This part also serves as a literature review for Part II.Part II: GuavaNet: A deep neural network architecture for automatic sensory evaluation to predict degree of acceptability for Guava by a consumer. This part introduces to an end-to-end deep neural network architecture that can predict the degree of acceptability by the consumer for a guava based on sensory evaluation.      
### 36.Foundations of User-Centric Cell-Free Massive MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02541.pdf)
>  Imagine a coverage area where each mobile device is communicating with a preferred set of wireless access points (among many) that are selected based on its needs and cooperate to jointly serve it, instead of creating autonomous cells. This effectively leads to a user-centric post-cellular network architecture, which can resolve many of the interference issues and service-quality variations that appear in cellular networks. This concept is called User-centric Cell-free Massive MIMO (multiple-input multiple-output) and has its roots in the intersection between three technology components: Massive MIMO, coordinated multipoint processing, and ultra-dense networks. The main challenge is to achieve the benefits of cell-free operation in a practically feasible way, with computational complexity and fronthaul requirements that are scalable to enable massively large networks with many mobile devices. This monograph covers the foundations of User-centric Cell-free Massive MIMO, starting from the motivation and mathematical definition. It continues by describing the state-of-the-art signal processing algorithms for channel estimation, uplink data reception, and downlink data transmission with either centralized or distributed implementation. The achievable spectral efficiency is mathematically derived and evaluated numerically using a running example that exposes the impact of various system parameters and algorithmic choices. The fundamental tradeoffs between communication performance, computational complexity, and fronthaul signaling requirements are thoroughly analyzed. Finally, the basic algorithms for pilot assignment, dynamic cooperation cluster formation, and power optimization are provided, while open problems related to these and other resource allocation problems are reviewed. All the numerical examples can be reproduced using the accompanying Matlab code.      
### 37.SLoClas: A Database for Joint Sound Localization and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02539.pdf)
>  In this work, we present the development of a new database, namely Sound Localization and Classification (SLoClas) corpus, for studying and analyzing sound localization and classification. The corpus contains a total of 23.27 hours of data recorded using a 4-channel microphone array. 10 classes of sounds are played over a loudspeaker at 1.5 meters distance from the array by varying the Direction-of-Arrival (DoA) from 1 degree to 360 degree at an interval of 5 degree. To facilitate the study of noise robustness, 6 types of outdoor noise are recorded at 4 DoAs, using the same devices. Moreover, we propose a baseline method, namely Sound Localization and Classification Network (SLCnet) and present the experimental results and analysis conducted on the collected SLoClas database. We achieve the accuracy of 95.21% and 80.01% for sound localization and classification, respectively. We publicly release this database and the source code for research purpose.      
### 38.Improved Speech Emotion Recognition using Transfer Learning and Spectrogram Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02510.pdf)
>  Automatic speech emotion recognition (SER) is a challenging task that plays a crucial role in natural human-computer interaction. One of the main challenges in SER is data scarcity, i.e., insufficient amounts of carefully labeled data to build and fully explore complex deep learning models for emotion classification. This paper aims to address this challenge using a transfer learning strategy combined with spectrogram augmentation. Specifically, we propose a transfer learning approach that leverages a pre-trained residual network (ResNet) model including a statistics pooling layer from speaker recognition trained using large amounts of speaker-labeled data. The statistics pooling layer enables the model to efficiently process variable-length input, thereby eliminating the need for sequence truncation which is commonly used in SER systems. In addition, we adopt a spectrogram augmentation technique to generate additional training data samples by applying random time-frequency masks to log-mel spectrograms to mitigate overfitting and improve the generalization of emotion recognition models. We evaluate the effectiveness of our proposed approach on the interactive emotional dyadic motion capture (IEMOCAP) dataset. Experimental results indicate that the transfer learning and spectrogram augmentation approaches improve the SER performance, and when combined achieve state-of-the-art results.      
### 39.IRS-Aided Energy Efficient UAV Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02406.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have steadily gained attention to overcome the harsh propagation loss and blockage issue of millimeter-wave communication. However, UAV communication systems suffer from energy consumption, which limits the flying time of UAVs. In this paper, we propose several UAV energy consumption minimization techniques through the aid of multiple intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRSs). In specific, we introduce a tractable model to effectively capture the characteristics of multiple IRSs and multiple user equipments (UEs). Then, we derive a closed form expression for the UE achievable rate, resulting in tractable optimization problems. Accordingly, we effectively solve the optimization problems by adopting the successive convex approximation technique. To compensate for the high complexity of the optimization problems, we propose a low complexity algorithm that has marginal performance loss. In the numerical results, we show that the proposed algorithms can save UAV energy consumption significantly compared to the benchmark with no IRSs, justifying that exploiting the IRSs is indeed favorable to UAV energy consumption minimization.      
### 40.Cable Driven Rehabilitation Robots: Comparison of Applications and Control Strategies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02379.pdf)
>  Significant attention has been paid to robotic rehabilitation using various types of actuator and power transmission. Amongst those, cable-driven rehabilitation robots (CDRRs) are relatively newer and their control strategies have been evolving in recent years. CDRRs offer several promising features, such as low inertia, lightweight, high payload-to-weight ratio, large work-space and configurability. In this paper, we categorize and review the cable-driven rehabilitation robots in three main groups concerning their applications for upper limb, lower limb, and waist rehabilitation. For each group, target movements are identified, and promising designs of CDRRs are analyzed in terms of types of actuators, controllers and their interactions with humans. Particular attention has been given to robots with verified clinical performance in actual rehabilitation settings. A large part of this paper is dedicated to comparing the control strategies and techniques of CDRRs under five main categories of: Impedance-based, PID-based, Admittance-based, Assist-as-needed (AAN) and Adaptive controllers. We have carefully contrasted the advantages and disadvantages of those methods with the aim of assisting the design of future CDRRs      
### 41.Spotify Danceability and Popularity Analysis using SAP  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02370.pdf)
>  Our analysis reviews and visualizes the audio features and popularity of songs streamed on Spotify*. Our dataset, downloaded from Kaggle and originally sourced from Spotify API, consists of multiple Excel files containing information relevant to our visualization and regression analysis. The exercise seeks to determine the connection between the popularity of the songs and the danceability. Insights to be included and factored as part of our analysis include song energy, valence, BPM, release date, and year.      
### 42.Advances in Trajectory Optimization for Space Vehicle Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02335.pdf)
>  Space mission design places a premium on cost and operational efficiency. The search for new science and life beyond Earth calls for spacecraft that can deliver scientific payloads to geologically rich yet hazardous landing sites. At the same time, the last four decades of optimization research have put a suite of powerful optimization tools at the fingertips of the controls engineer. As we enter the new decade, optimization theory, algorithms, and software tooling have reached a critical mass to start seeing serious application in space vehicle guidance and control systems. This survey paper provides a detailed overview of recent advances, successes, and promising directions for optimization-based space vehicle control. The considered applications include planetary landing, rendezvous and proximity operations, small body landing, constrained reorientation, endo-atmospheric flight including ascent and re-entry, and orbit transfer and injection. The primary focus is on the last ten years of progress, which have seen a veritable rise in the number of applications using three core technologies: lossless convexification, sequential convex programming, and model predictive control. The reader will come away with a well-rounded understanding of the state-of-the-art in each space vehicle control application, and will be well positioned to tackle important current open problems using convex optimization as a core technology.      
### 43.Context-Aware Environment Monitoring to Support LPWAN-based Battlefield Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02281.pdf)
>  The use of IoT-related technologies is growing in several areas. Applications of environmental monitoring, logistics, smart cities are examples of applications that benefit from advances in IoT. In the military context, IoT applications can support the decision-making process by delivering information collected directly from the battlefield to Command, Control, Communications, Computers, Intelligence, Surveillance and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems. Taking the benefit of the installed IoT network in the battlefield, the use of the data collected by the IoT nodes is a way to improve resiliency and increase the survivability of networks, as well as to optimize the use of available resources. Towards improving the communication network present on the battlefield, this work presents a context-aware environmental monitoring system that uses real-time battlefield information to increase military networks' resilience and survivability. The proposed approach is validated by a proof-of-concept experiment. The obtained results show that the implementation of this system can improve the communication process even when the network is exposed to unfavorable climatic factors.      
### 44.Daft-Exprt: Robust Prosody Transfer Across Speakers for Expressive Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02271.pdf)
>  This paper presents Daft-Exprt, a multi-speaker acoustic model advancing the state-of-the-art on inter-speaker and inter-text prosody transfer. This improvement is achieved using FiLM conditioning layers, alongside adversarial training that encourages disentanglement between prosodic information and speaker identity. The acoustic model inherits attractive qualities from FastSpeech 2, such as fast inference and local prosody attributes prediction for finer grained control over generation. Experimental results show that Daft-Exprt significantly outperforms strong baselines on prosody transfer tasks, while yielding naturalness comparable to state-of-the-art expressive models. Moreover, results indicate that adversarial training effectively discards speaker identity information from the prosody representation, which ensures Daft-Exprt will consistently generate speech with the desired voice. We publicly release our code and provide speech samples from our experiments.      
### 45.Attentive Cross-modal Connections for Deep Multimodal Wearable-based Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.02241.pdf)
>  Classification of human emotions can play an essential role in the design and improvement of human-machine systems. While individual biological signals such as Electrocardiogram (ECG) and Electrodermal Activity (EDA) have been widely used for emotion recognition with machine learning methods, multimodal approaches generally fuse extracted features or final classification/regression results to boost performance. To enhance multimodal learning, we present a novel attentive cross-modal connection to share information between convolutional neural networks responsible for learning individual modalities. Specifically, these connections improve emotion classification by sharing intermediate representations among EDA and ECG and apply attention weights to the shared information, thus learning more effective multimodal embeddings. We perform experiments on the WESAD dataset to identify the best configuration of the proposed method for emotion classification. Our experiments show that the proposed approach is capable of learning strong multimodal representations and outperforms a number of baselines methods.      
