# ArXiv eess --Thu, 26 Aug 2021
### 1.Non-Parametric Quickest Mean Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11348.pdf)
>  The problem of quickest detection of a change in the mean of a sequence of independent observations is studied. The pre-change distribution is assumed to be stationary, while the post-change distributions are allowed to be non-stationary. The case where the pre-change distribution is known is studied first, and then the extension where only the mean and variance of the pre-change distribution are known. No knowledge of the post-change distributions is assumed other than that their means are above some pre-specified threshold larger than the pre-change mean. For the case where the pre-change distribution is known, a test is derived that asymptotically minimizes the worst-case detection delay over all possible post-change distributions, as the false alarm rate goes to zero. Towards deriving this asymptotically optimal test, some new results are provided for the general problem of asymptotic minimax robust quickest change detection in non-stationary settings. Then, the limiting form of the optimal test is studied as the gap between the pre- and post-change means goes to zero, called the Mean-Change Test (MCT). It is shown that the MCT can be designed with only knowledge of the mean and variance of the pre-change distribution. The performance of the MCT is also characterized when the mean gap is moderate, under the additional assumption that the distributions of the observations have bounded support. The analysis is validated through numerical results for detecting a change in the mean of a beta distribution. The use of the MCT in monitoring pandemics is also demonstrated.      
### 2.Decentralized Air Traffic Management for Advanced Air Mobility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11329.pdf)
>  Leading proposals for Advanced Air Mobility (AAM) recognize the need for strategic and tactical airspace deconfliction, where the need for coordination appears in different forms and nuances. One recurring element is the use of pre-defined airways or corridors, a natural way to create order, with proven success from the conventional, manned, Air Traffic Management (ATM). But, while ATM is evolving to 4D Trajectory-Based Operations, when we apply the ATM principles to very dense and potentially more complex operations such as AAM, we have to consider their limitations in such demanding new environment. The requirement of following circulation corridors most often increase flight distance and inevitably create bottlenecks, hence we explore the hypothesis of not using corridors, testing such option via a simple and scalable simulation model. Other motivations for comparing different forms of traffic coordination are redundancy and diversity, which have potential to increase system safety. Relying on a single method to maintain traffic separation of course would not be allowed in practice. However, the concepts that we have seen so far leave a gap between two very distinct and co-existing methods: one, cooperative and centered on a ground-based Provider of Services for UAM (PSU), and another, which is mostly non-cooperative and independent, centered on the individual aircraft, commonly referred to as Detect-And-Avoid (DAA). This duality achieves a welcomed diversity, however presents several points for improvement. <br>In-between these opposite methods, this paper analyzes the performance of an airborne cooperative method to coordinate traffic which is capable of safely solving conflicts of multiple aircraft (more than two) and achieve higher efficiency than DAA alone, thus with potential for being an alternative or a live fallback for ground-based traffic coordination.      
### 3.A multimodal solution approach for mitigating the impact of planned maintenance on metro rail attractiveness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11325.pdf)
>  The possible unavailability of urban rail-based transport services due to planned maintenance activities may have significant consequences on the perceived quality of service, thus affecting railway attractiveness. To cope with the mitigation of planned service interruptions and to guarantee a seamless journey and a good travel experience for passengers, it is possible to exploit the existing services differently and/or provide additional on-demand services, such as temporary supplemental bus lines. In this context, this paper aims to develop a mathematical programming model for planning service interruptions due to maintenance considering passenger transport demand dynamics. In particular, the proposed approach deals with service interruptions characterized by a long duration for which timetable adaption strategies are not applicable, suggesting mitigation actions that exploit the already existing services and/or the activation of additional ones, with the aim of minimizing users' inconvenience. In doing so, the planned infrastructure status (i.e., available or under maintenance), as well as the forecasted transport demand, are taken into account to adapt the service accordingly by offering a multimodal transport solution to passengers. To find the best solution, a decomposition solution approach is proposed in combination with a multistage cooperative framework with feedback that models the negotiation process between the involved actors. Finally, the applicability of the proposed approach to real case studies is discussed based on some performance indicators.      
### 4.Adaptive Extended Kalman Filter (ROSE-Filter) for Positioning System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11321.pdf)
>  This paper illustrates the way for estimating position and orientation of a vehicle with an Extended Kalman Filter (EKF). For this purpose a non-linear model is designed and an adaptive calculation of measurement noise covariance matrix is used, a so called ROSE-Filter (Rapid Ongoing Stochastic covariance Estimation-Filter). Input of the system is the measured position from a two dimensional position system. Estimated is the pose (position and orientation) and the velocity of the vehicle.      
### 5.Comparing the Performance of Traffic Coordination Methods for Advanced Aerial Mobility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11316.pdf)
>  Traffic Management in Advanced Aerial Mobility (AAM) inherits many elements of conventional Air Traffic Management (ATM), but brings new complexities and challenges of its own. One of its ways of guaranteeing separation is the use of airborne, stand-alone Detect-And-Avoid, an operational concept where each aircraft decides its avoidance maneuvers independently, observing right-of-way rules and, in specific implementations, some form of pairwise coordination. This is a fundamental safety element for autonomous aircraft but, according to our research, is not sufficient for high-density airspaces as envisioned for urban environments. In these environments, some way of explicit and strategic traffic coordination must be in place, as done for conventional ATM. For efficiency reasons, ATM is evolving to more flexible uses of the airspace, such that the use of dynamically allocated corridors is a rising concept for AAM. These strategic forms of traffic coordination are potentially highly efficient if the aircraft adhere to their trajectory contracts and there are no significant perturbations to the traffic. However, if significant perturbations occur, such as loss of data communication, or the sudden appearance of an intruder, a centralized system may not react appropriately in due time. In busy scenarios, even small deviations from plans may compound so rapidly as to result in large differences in the overall achieved scenario, resulting in congestions and convoluted conflicts. Therefore, it is worth studying traffic coordination techniques that work locally with shorter look-ahead times. To that end, we explore an airborne collaborative method for traffic coordination, which is capable of safely solving conflicts with multiple aircraft, stressing its capabilities throughout a large number of scenarios and comparing its performance with established methods.      
### 6.A new state estimation approach-Adaptive Fading Cubature Kalman filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11311.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel adaptive fading cubature Kalman filter (AFCKF) based on double transitive factors. The developed adaptive algorithm is explained in two stages; stage (i) a single transitive factor is used to update the predicted state error covariance, ${\bf \hat P_{k}}^{-}$ based on innovation or residual vector, whereas, in stage (ii), the measurement noise covariance matrix, ${\bf \hat R_{k}^{*}}$ is scaled by another transitive factor. Furthermore, showing the proof concept for estimation of the process noise, ${\bf \hat Q_{k}^{*}}$ and measurement noise covariance matrices by combining the innovation and residual vector in the AFCKF algorithm. It can provide reliable state estimation in the presence of unknown noise statistics. Bench-marking target tracking example is considered to show the performance improvement of the developed algorithms. As compared with existing adaptive approaches, the proposed fading algorithm can provide better estimation results.      
### 7.Data-driven system analysis of nonlinear systems using polynomial approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11298.pdf)
>  In the context of data-driven system analysis of general nonlinear systems, there exist only few approaches which often lack on rigorous guarantees, call for nonconvex optimization, or require the knowledge of the basis functions of the system dynamics. In this paper, we establish a novel data-based non-parametric representation of nonlinear functions based on Taylor series which are derived from finite many noisy samples. By incorporating the measurement noise and the error of polynomial approximation, we provide computationally tractable conditions for sum of squares optimization, e.g., to verify dissipativity properties with rigorous guarantees and without an explicitly identified model.      
### 8.Measurement of Hybrid Rocket Solid Fuel Regression Rate for a Slab Burner using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11276.pdf)
>  This study presents an imaging-based deep learning tool to measure the fuel regression rate in a 2D slab burner experiment for hybrid rocket fuels. The slab burner experiment is designed to verify mechanistic models of reacting boundary layer combustion in hybrid rockets by the measurement of fuel regression rates. A DSLR camera with a high intensity flash is used to capture images throughout the burn and the images are then used to find the fuel boundary to calculate the regression rate. A U-net convolutional neural network architecture is explored to segment the fuel from the experimental images. A Monte-Carlo Dropout process is used to quantify the regression rate uncertainty produced from the network. The U-net computed regression rates are compared with values from other techniques from literature and show error less than 10%. An oxidizer flux dependency study is performed and shows the U-net predictions of regression rates are accurate and independent of the oxidizer flux, when the images in the training set are not over-saturated. Training with monochrome images is explored and is not successful at predicting the fuel regression rate from images with high noise. The network is superior at filtering out noise introduced by soot, pitting, and wax deposition on the chamber glass as well as the flame when compared to traditional image processing techniques, such as threshold binary conversion and spatial filtering. U-net consistently provides low error image segmentations to allow accurate computation of the regression rate of the fuel.      
### 9.Domain Adversarial RetinaNet as a Reference Algorithm for the MItosis DOmain Generalization (MIDOG) Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11269.pdf)
>  Assessing the Mitotic Count has a known high degree of intra- and inter-rater variability. Computer-aided systems have proven to decrease this variability and reduce labelling time. These systems, however, are generally highly dependent on their training domain and show poor applicability to unseen domains. In histopathology, these domain shifts can result from various sources, including different slide scanning systems used to digitize histologic samples. The MItosis DOmain Generalization challenge focuses on this specific domain shift for the task of mitotic figure detection. This work presents a mitotic figure detection algorithm developed as a baseline for the challenge, based on domain adversarial training. On the preliminary test set, the algorithm scores an F$_1$ score of 0.7514.      
### 10.Cell Multi-Bernoulli (Cell-MB) Sensor Control for Multi-object Search-While-Tracking (SWT)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11236.pdf)
>  Information driven control can be used to develop intelligent sensors that can optimize their measurement value based on environmental feedback. In object tracking applications, sensor actions are chosen based on the expected reduction in uncertainty also known as information gain. Random finite set (RFS) theory provides a formalism for quantifying and estimating information gain in multi-object tracking problems. However, estimating information gain in these applications remains computationally challenging. This paper presents a new tractable approximation of the RFS expected information gain applicable to sensor control for multi-object search and tracking. Unlike existing RFS approaches, the approximation presented in this paper accounts for noisy measurements, missed detections, false alarms, and object appearance/disappearance. The effectiveness of the information driven sensor control is demonstrated through a multi-vehicle search-while-tracking experiment using real video data from a remote optical sensor.      
### 11.A Guide to Radio Frequency Identification as a Multi-purpose IoT Technology to Manage Pandemics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11223.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic forced mankind to unprecedented global challenges, drastically changing our way of living. To minimize life losses, multi-level strategies requiring collective efforts were adopted, while waiting for researchers and Pharma companies to develop vaccines. The management of so complex processes has partly taken benefit from a network vision and from the rising framework of the Internet of Things (IoT). Among the several technologies converging to IoT, the Radiofrequency Identification (RFID), based on backscattering communication, is probably the approach that is most suitable to both the micro (the user) and the macro (the processes) scale. Accordingly, a single infrastructure can support almost all the logistic and monitoring issues related to the war against a pandemic. Based on the earned COVID-19 experience, this paper is a guide about how state-of-the-art RFID systems can be employed in facing future pandemic outbreaks. The three pillars of the contrast are addressed, namely: 1) use and managing of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE), 2) access control and social distancing, and 3) early detection of symptoms. For each class, the envisaged RFID devices and procedures are identified and discussed based on the already available technology and on the state of the art of worldwide research. The presented guide tells us that this technology has a real potentiality to play a key role in generating an extraordinary amount of data, so that complementary paradigms of Edge Computing and Artificial intelligence should be tightly integrated to extract profiles and identify anomalous events, in compliance with privacy and security.      
### 12.Hierarchical Optimization-Based Model Predictive Control for a Class of Discrete Fuzzy Large-Scale Systems Considering Time-Varying Delays and Disturbances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11186.pdf)
>  Abstract-In this manuscript, model predictive control for class of discrete fuzzy large-scale systems subjected to bounded time-varying delay and disturbances is studied. The considered method is Razumikhin for time-varying delay large-scale systems, in which it includes a Lyapunov function associated with the original non-augmented state space of system dynamics in comparison with the Krasovskii method. As a rule, the Razumikhin method has a perfect potential to avoid the inherent complexity of the Krasovskii method especially in the presence of large delays and disturbances. The considered large-scale system in this manuscript is decomposed into several subsystems, each of which is represented by a fuzzy Takagi-Sugeno (T-S) model and the interconnection between any two subsystems is considered. Because the main section of the model predictive control is optimization, the hierarchical scheme is performed for the optimization problem. Furthermore, persistent disturbances are considered that robust positive invariance and input-to-state stability under such circumstances are studied. The linear matrix inequalities (LMIs) method is performed for our computations. So the closed-loop large-scale system is asymptotically stable. Ultimately, by two examples, the effectiveness of the proposed method is illustrated, and a comparison with other papers is made by remarks.      
### 13.Automated Environmental Monitoring Intelligent System Based on Compact Autonomous Robots for The Sevastopol Bay  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11166.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an intelligent system concept for automatic monitoring of aquatic en-vironment main parameters in order to detect their anomalies and assess quantitative and qualitative indicators, including the determination of the field under study spatial and tem-poral characteristics. The system is built on the basis of a small autonomous surface robots network. A conceptual model of a monitoring system for the implementation of environ-mental parameters automated integrated monitoring throughout the entire observation field is proposed. A software model has been developed and simulation experiments have been conducted to calculate the main indicators and assess environment spatial and temporal variability. According to the results of the simulation, control maps of the stations optimal density were formed. The proposed approach to solving the problem of monitoring the aquatic environment in comparison with the traditional has such advantages as scalability, flexibility, speed of deployment and clotting, self-organization, the ability to create a wide field of view by changing the number of robots.      
### 14.Temporal envelope and fine structure cues for dysarthric speech detection using CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11153.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based techniques for automatic dysarthric speech detection have recently attracted interest in the research community. State-of-the-art techniques typically learn neurotypical and dysarthric discriminative representations by processing time-frequency input representations such as the magnitude spectrum of the short-time Fourier transform (STFT). Although these techniques are expected to leverage perceptual dysarthric cues, representations such as the magnitude spectrum of the STFT do not necessarily convey perceptual aspects of complex sounds. Inspired by the temporal processing mechanisms of the human auditory system, in this paper we factor signals into the product of a slowly varying envelope and a rapidly varying fine structure. Separately exploiting the different perceptual cues present in the envelope (i.e., phonetic information, stress, and voicing) and fine structure (i.e., pitch, vowel quality, and breathiness), two discriminative representations are learned through a convolutional neural network and used for automatic dysarthric speech detection. Experimental results show that processing both the envelope and fine structure representations yields a considerably better dysarthric speech detection performance than processing only the envelope, fine structure, or magnitude spectrum of the STFT representation.      
### 15.Spatial Fuzzy Clustering on Synthetic Aperture Radar Images to Detect Changes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11122.pdf)
>  Data and data sources have become increasingly essential in recent decades. Scientists and researchers require more data to deploy AI approaches as the field continues to improve. In recent years, the rapid technological advancements have had a significant impact on human existence. One major field for collecting data is satellite technology. With the fast development of various satellite sensor equipment, synthetic aperture radar (SAR) images have become an important source of data for a variety of research subjects, including environmental studies, urban studies, coastal extraction, water sources, etc. Change detection and coastline detection are both achieved using SAR pictures. However, speckle noise is a major problem in SAR imaging. Several solutions have been offered to address this issue. One solution is to expose SAR images to spatial fuzzy clustering. Another solution is to separate speech. This study utilises the spatial function to overcome speckle noise and cluster the SAR images with the highest achieved accuracy. The spatial function is proposed in this work since the likelihood of data falling into one cluster is what this function is all about. When the spatial function is employed to cluster data in fuzzy logic, the clustering outcomes improve. The proposed clustering technique is us      
### 16.Airplane Type Identification Based on Mask RCNN; An Approach to Reduce Airport Traffic Congestion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11118.pdf)
>  One of the most difficult jobs in remote sensing is dealing with traffic bottlenecks at airports. This fact has been confirmed by several studies attempting to resolve this issue. Among a wide range of approaches employed the most successful methods have been based on airplane object recognition using satellite images as datasets for deep learning models. Airplane object identification is not a viable method for resolving traffic congestion. There are several types of airplanes at the airport each with its own set of requirements and specifications.Utilizing satellite pictures will require the use of complex equipment which is a financial burden. In this work a universal low-cost and efficient solution for airport traffic congestion is proposed. Drone-captured aerial pictures are used to train and assess a Mask Region Convolution Neural Network model. This model can detect the presence of any aircraft in a photograph and pinpoint its location. It also includes mask estimations to properly identify each detected airplane type based on the estimated surface area and cabin length which are crucial variables in distinguishing planes. The study is conducted using Microsoft Common Object in Context COCO metrics average accuracies and a confusion matrix all of which demonstrate the approach's potential in providing valuable aid for dealing with traffic congestion at airports.      
### 17.Multi-lane Unsignalized Intersection Cooperation with Flexible Lane Direction based on Multi-vehicle Formation Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11112.pdf)
>  Unsignalized intersection cooperation of connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) is able to eliminate green time loss of signalized intersections and improve traffic efficiency. Most of the existing research on unsignalized intersection cooperation considers fixed lane direction, where only specific turning behavior of vehicles is allowed on each lane. Given that traffic volume and the proportion of vehicles with different turning expectation may change with time, fixed lane direction may lead to inefficiency at intersections. This paper proposes a multi-lane unsignalized intersection cooperation method that considers flexible lane direction. The two-dimensional distribution of vehicles is calculated and vehicles that are not in conflict are scheduled to pass the intersection simultaneously. The formation reconfiguration method is utilized to achieve collision-free longitudinal and lateral position adjustment of vehicles. Simulations are conducted at different input traffic volumes and turning proportion of incoming vehicles, and the results indicate that our method outperformances the fixed-lane-direction unsignalized cooperation method and the signalized method.      
### 18.Robust AC Transmission Expansion Plans from A Novel Dual Based Bi-level Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11088.pdf)
>  The rapid integration of Renewable Energy Sources (RESs) strengthens the need for a power network that can robustly handle the system's uncertain scenarios. Thus, this paper proposes the first nonlinear novel dual based bi-level approach for robust AC Transmission Expansion Planning (TEP) plans with uncertainties in RES generations and loads. It utilizes a convex relaxation and is solved by Benders Decomposition (BD), where the master determines the robust AC TEP plan. The novel dual slave model for the second level of BD circumvents the issues in using the conventional conic dual theory and aids in the worst-case realization of uncertainties using additional novel constraints. The novel dual slave is solved using Interior Point Method (IPM), as it is not a mixed-integer problem. The proposed work also includes additional linear constraints to reduce the BD's slow convergence and direct the master towards optimality. The robustness of the AC TEP plans is verified by Monte-Carlo Simulation (MCS) of the actual nonlinear and non-convex AC Optimal Power Flow (OPF). The effect of the budget of uncertainty on the AC TEP plans is also investigated. A comparison with the results of a previous work reveals the superiority of the proposed work.      
### 19.Responsive Regulation of Dynamic UAV Communication Networks Based on Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11012.pdf)
>  In this chapter, the regulation of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) communication network is investigated in the presence of dynamic changes in the UAV lineup and user distribution. We target an optimal UAV control policy which is capable of identifying the upcoming change in the UAV lineup (quit or join-in) or user distribution, and proactively relocating the UAVs ahead of the change rather than passively dispatching the UAVs after the change. Specifically, a deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-based UAV control framework is developed to maximize the accumulated user satisfaction (US) score for a given time horizon which is able to handle the change in both the UAV lineup and user distribution. The framework accommodates the changed dimension of the state-action space before and after the UAV lineup change by deliberate state transition design. In addition, to handle the continuous state and action space, deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) algorithm, which is an actor-critic based DRL, is exploited. Furthermore, to promote the learning exploration around the timing of the change, the original DDPG is adapted into an asynchronous parallel computing (APC) structure which leads to a better training performance in both the critic and actor networks. Finally, extensive simulations are conducted to validate the convergence of the proposed learning approach, and demonstrate its capability in jointly handling the dynamics in UAV lineup and user distribution as well as its superiority over a passive reaction method.      
### 20.NeRP: Implicit Neural Representation Learning with Prior Embedding for Sparsely Sampled Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10991.pdf)
>  Image reconstruction is an inverse problem that solves for a computational image based on sampled sensor measurement. Sparsely sampled image reconstruction poses addition challenges due to limited measurements. In this work, we propose an implicit Neural Representation learning methodology with Prior embedding (NeRP) to reconstruct a computational image from sparsely sampled measurements. The method differs fundamentally from previous deep learning-based image reconstruction approaches in that NeRP exploits the internal information in an image prior, and the physics of the sparsely sampled measurements to produce a representation of the unknown subject. No large-scale data is required to train the NeRP except for a prior image and sparsely sampled measurements. In addition, we demonstrate that NeRP is a general methodology that generalizes to different imaging modalities such as CT and MRI. We also show that NeRP can robustly capture the subtle yet significant image changes required for assessing tumor progression.      
### 21.Physics-Based Causal Lifting Linearization of Nonlinear Control Systems Underpinned by the Koopman Operator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10980.pdf)
>  Methods for constructing causal linear models from nonlinear dynamical systems through lifting linearization underpinned by Koopman operator and physical system modeling theory are presented. Outputs of a nonlinear control system, called observables, may be functions of state and input, $\phi(x,u)$. These input-dependent observables cannot be used for lifting the system because the state equations in the augmented space contain the time derivatives of input and are therefore anticausal. Here, the mechanism of creating anticausal observables is examined, and two methods for solving the causality problem in lifting linearization are presented. The first method is to replace anticausal observables by their integral variables $\phi^*$, and lift the dynamics with $\phi^*$, so that the time derivative of $\phi^*$ does not include the time derivative of input. The other method is to alter the original physical model by adding a small inertial element, or a small capacitive element, so that the system's causal relationship changes. These augmented dynamics alter the signal path from the input to the anticausal observable so that the observables are not dependent on inputs. Numerical simulations validate the effectiveness of the methods.      
### 22.Correcting inter-scan motion artefacts in quantitative R1 mapping at 7T  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10943.pdf)
>  Purpose: Inter-scan motion is a substantial source of error in $R_1$ estimation, and can be expected to increase at 7T where $B_1$ fields are more inhomogeneous. The established correction scheme does not translate to 7T since it requires a body coil reference. Here we introduce two alternatives that outperform the established method. Since they compute relative sensitivities they do not require body coil images. <br>Theory: The proposed methods use coil-combined magnitude images to obtain the relative coil sensitivities. The first method efficiently computes the relative sensitivities via a simple ratio; the second by fitting a more sophisticated generative model. <br>Methods: $R_1$ maps were computed using the variable flip angle (VFA) approach. Multiple datasets were acquired at 3T and 7T, with and without motion between the acquisition of the VFA volumes. $R_1$ maps were constructed without correction, with the proposed corrections, and (at 3T) with the previously established correction scheme. <br>Results: At 3T, the proposed methods outperform the baseline method. Inter-scan motion artefacts were also reduced at 7T. However, reproducibility only converged on that of the no motion condition if position-specific transmit field effects were also incorporated. <br>Conclusion: The proposed methods simplify inter-scan motion correction of $R_1$ maps and are applicable at both 3T and 7T, where a body coil is typically not available. The open-source code for all methods is made publicly available.      
### 23.ML-Assisted UE Positioning: Performance Analysis and 5G Architecture Enhancements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11365.pdf)
>  Artificial intelligence and data-driven networks will be integral part of 6G systems. In this article, we comprehensively discuss implementation challenges and need for architectural changes in 5G radio access networks for integrating machine learning (ML) solutions. As an example use case, we investigate user equipment (UE) positioning assisted by deep learning (DL) in 5G and beyond networks. As compared to state of the art positioning algorithms used in today's networks, radio signal fingerprinting and machine learning (ML) assisted positioning requires smaller additional feedback overhead; and the positioning estimates are made directly inside the radio access network (RAN), thereby assisting in radio resource management. In this regard, we study ML-assisted positioning methods and evaluate their performance using system level simulations for an outdoor scenario. The study is based on the use of raytracing tool, a 3GPP 5G NR compliant system level simulator and DL framework to estimate positioning accuracy of the UE. We evaluate and compare performance of various DL models and show mean positioning error in the range of 1-1.5m for a 2-hidden layer DL architecture with appropriate feature-modeling. Building on our performance analysis, we discuss pros and cons of various architectures to implement ML solutions for future networks and draw conclusions on the most suitable architecture.      
### 24.Blind Image Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11364.pdf)
>  We present and study a novel task named Blind Image Decomposition (BID), which requires separating a superimposed image into constituent underlying images in a blind setting, that is, both the source components involved in mixing as well as the mixing mechanism are unknown. For example, rain may consist of multiple components, such as rain streaks, raindrops, snow, and haze. Rainy images can be treated as an arbitrary combination of these components, some of them or all of them. How to decompose superimposed images, like rainy images, into distinct source components is a crucial step towards real-world vision systems. To facilitate research on this new task, we construct three benchmark datasets, including mixed image decomposition across multiple domains, real-scenario deraining, and joint shadow/reflection/watermark removal. Moreover, we propose a simple yet general Blind Image Decomposition Network (BIDeN) to serve as a strong baseline for future work. Experimental results demonstrate the tenability of our benchmarks and the effectiveness of BIDeN. Code and project page are available.      
### 25.Joint Uplink-Downlink Resource Allocation for Multi-User IRS-Assisted Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11349.pdf)
>  We investigate the joint uplink-downlink design for time-division-duplexing (TDD) and frequency-division-duplexing (FDD) multi-user systems aided by an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS). We formulate and solve a multi-objective optimization problem to maximize uplink and downlink rates as a weighted-sum problem (WSP) that captures the trade-off between achievable uplink and downlink rates. We propose a resource allocation design that optimizes the WSP by jointly optimizing the beamforming vectors, power control and IRS phase shifts where the same IRS configuration is used for assisting uplink and downlink transmissions. In TDD, the proposed IRS design reduces the overhead associated with IRS configuration and the need for quiet periods while updating the IRS. In addition, a joint IRS design is critical for supporting concurrent uplink and downlink transmissions in FDD. We investigate the effect of different user-weighting strategies and different parameters on the performance of the joint IRS design and the resultant uplink-downlink trade-off regions. In all FDD scenarios and some TDD scenarios, the joint design significantly outperforms the heuristic of using the IRS configuration optimized for uplink (respectively, downlink) to assist the downlink (respectively, uplink) transmissions and substantially bridges the gap to the upper bound of allowing different IRS configurations in uplink and downlink.      
### 26.A Historical Perspective of Adaptive Control and Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11336.pdf)
>  This article provides a historical perspective of the field of adaptive control over the past seven decades and its intersection with learning. A chronology of key events over this large time-span, problem statements that the field has focused on, and key solutions are presented. Fundamental results related to stability, robustness, and learning are sketched. A brief description of various applications of adaptive control reported over this period is included.      
### 27.Fully Non-Homogeneous Atmospheric Scattering Modeling with Convolutional Neural Networks for Single Image Dehazing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11292.pdf)
>  In recent years, single image dehazing models (SIDM) based on atmospheric scattering model (ASM) have achieved remarkable results. However, it is noted that ASM-based SIDM degrades its performance in dehazing real world hazy images due to the limited modelling ability of ASM where the atmospheric light factor (ALF) and the angular scattering coefficient (ASC) are assumed as constants for one image. Obviously, the hazy images taken in real world cannot always satisfy this assumption. Such generating modelling mismatch between the real-world images and ASM sets up the upper bound of trained ASM-based SIDM for dehazing. Bearing this in mind, in this study, a new fully non-homogeneous atmospheric scattering model (FNH-ASM) is proposed for well modeling the hazy images under complex conditions where ALF and ASC are pixel dependent. However, FNH-ASM brings difficulty in practical application. In FNH-ASM based SIDM, the estimation bias of parameters at different positions lead to different distortion of dehazing result. Hence, in order to reduce the influence of parameter estimation bias on dehazing results, two new cost sensitive loss functions, beta-Loss and D-Loss, are innovatively developed for limiting the parameter bias of sensitive positions that have a greater impact on the dehazing result. In the end, based on FNH-ASM, an end-to-end CNN-based dehazing network, FNHD-Net, is developed, which applies beta-Loss and D-Loss. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of our proposed FNHD-Net for dehazing on both synthetic and real-world images. And the performance improvement of our method increases more obviously in dense and heterogeneous haze scenes.      
### 28.Designing Wireless Powered Networks assisted by Intelligent Reflecting Surfaces with Mechanical Tilt  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11289.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a fairness-aware rate maximization scheme for a wireless powered communications network (WPCN) assisted by an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS). The proposed scheme combines user scheduling based on time division multiple access (TDMA) and (mechanical) angular displacement of the IRS. Each energy harvesting user (EHU) has dedicated time slots with optimized durations for energy harvesting and information transmission whereas, the phase matrix of the IRS is adjusted to focus its beam to a particular EHU. The proposed scheme exploits the fundamental dependence of the IRS channel path-loss on the angle between the IRS and the node's line-of-sight, which is often overlooked in the literature. Additionally, the network design can be optimized for large number of IRS unit cells, which is not the case with the computationally intensive state-of-the-art schemes. In fact, the EHUs can achieve significant rates at practical distances of several tens of meters to the base station (BS) only if the number of IRS unit cells is at least a few thousand.      
### 29.Automatic Feature Highlighting in Noisy RES Data With CycleGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11283.pdf)
>  Radio echo sounding (RES) is a common technique used in subsurface glacial imaging, which provides insight into the underlying rock and ice. However, systematic noise is introduced into the data during collection, complicating interpretation of the results. Researchers most often use a combination of manual interpretation and filtering techniques to denoise data; however, these processes are time intensive and inconsistent. Fully Convolutional Networks have been proposed as an automated alternative to identify layer boundaries in radargrams. However, they require high-quality manually processed training data and struggle to interpolate data in noisy samples (Varshney et al. 2020). <br>Herein, the authors propose a GAN based model to interpolate layer boundaries through noise and highlight layers in two-dimensional glacial RES data. In real-world noisy images, filtering often results in loss of data such that interpolating layer boundaries is nearly impossible. Furthermore, traditional machine learning approaches are not suited to this task because of the lack of paired data, so we employ an unpaired image-to-image translation model. For this model, we create a synthetic dataset to represent the domain of images with clear, highlighted layers and use an existing real-world RES dataset as our noisy domain. <br>We implement a CycleGAN trained on these two domains to highlight layers in noisy images that can interpolate effectively without significant loss of structure or fidelity. Though the current implementation is not a perfect solution, the model clearly highlights layers in noisy data and allows researchers to determine layer size and position without mathematical filtering, manual processing, or ground-truth images for training. This is significant because clean images generated by our model enable subsurface researchers to determine glacial layer thickness more efficiently.      
### 30.Deep few-shot learning for bi-temporal building change detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11262.pdf)
>  In real-world applications (e.g., change detection), annotating images is very expensive. To build effective deep learning models in these applications, deep few-shot learning methods have been developed and prove to be a robust approach in small training data. The analysis of building change detection from high spatial resolution remote sensing observations is important research in photogrammetry, computer vision, and remote sensing nowadays, which can be widely used in a variety of real-world applications, such as map updating. As manual high resolution image interpretation is expensive and time-consuming, building change detection methods are of high interest. The interest in developing building change detection approaches from optical remote sensing images is rapidly increasing due to larger coverages, and lower costs of optical images. In this study, we focus on building change detection analysis on a small set of building change from different regions that sit in several cities. In this paper, a new deep few-shot learning method is proposed for building change detection using Monte Carlo dropout and remote sensing observations. The setup is based on a small dataset, including bitemporal optical images labeled for building change detection.      
### 31.AccoMontage: Accompaniment Arrangement via Phrase Selection and Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11213.pdf)
>  Accompaniment arrangement is a difficult music generation task involving intertwined constraints of melody, harmony, texture, and music structure. Existing models are not yet able to capture all these constraints effectively, especially for long-term music generation. To address this problem, we propose AccoMontage, an accompaniment arrangement system for whole pieces of music through unifying phrase selection and neural style transfer. We focus on generating piano accompaniments for folk/pop songs based on a lead sheet (i.e., melody with chord progression). Specifically, AccoMontage first retrieves phrase montages from a database while recombining them structurally using dynamic programming. Second, chords of the retrieved phrases are manipulated to match the lead sheet via style transfer. Lastly, the system offers controls over the generation process. In contrast to pure learning-based approaches, AccoMontage introduces a novel hybrid pathway, in which rule-based optimization and deep learning are both leveraged to complement each other for high-quality generation. Experiments show that our model generates well-structured accompaniment with delicate texture, significantly outperforming the baselines.      
### 32.Hybrid Planning with Receding Horizon: A Case for Meta-self-awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11170.pdf)
>  The trade-off between the quality and timeliness of adaptation is a multi-faceted challenge in engineering self-adaptive systems. Obtaining adaptation plans that fulfill system objectives with high utility and in a timely manner is the holy grail, however, as recent research revealed, it is not trivial. Hybrid planning is concerned with resolving the time and quality trade-off via dynamically combining multiple planners that individually aim to perform either timely or with high quality. The choice of the most fitting planner is steered based on assessments of runtime information. A hybrid planner for a self-adaptive system requires (i) a decision-making mechanism that utilizes (ii) system-level as well as (iii) feedback control-level information at runtime. <br>In this paper, we present HYPEZON, a hybrid planner for self-adaptive systems. Inspired by model predictive control, HYPEZON leverages receding horizon control to utilize runtime information during its decision-making. Moreover, we propose to engineer HYPEZON for self-adaptive systems via two alternative designs that conform to meta-self-aware architectures. Meta-self-awareness allows for obtaining knowledge and reasoning about own awareness via adding a higher-level reasoning entity. HYPEZON aims to address the problem of hybrid planning by considering it as a case for meta-self-awareness.      
### 33.Dynamic DV-QKD Networking in Fully-Meshed Software-Defined Optical Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11145.pdf)
>  We demonstrate for the first time a trusted-node-free fully-meshed metro network with dynamic discrete-variable quantum key distribution DV-QKD networking capabilities across four optical network nodes. A QKD-aware centralised SDN controller is utilised to provide dynamicity in switching and rerouting. The feasibility of coexisting a quantum channel with carrier-grade classical optical channels over field-deployed and laboratory-based fibres is experimentally explored in terms of achievable quantum bit error rate, secret key rate as well as classical signal bit error rate. Moreover, coexistence analysis over multi-hops configuration using different switching scenarios is also presented. The secret key rate dropped 43 % when coexisting one classical channel with 150 GHz spacing from the quantum channel for multiple links. This is due to the noise leakage from the Raman scattering into the 100 GHz bandwidth of the internal filter of the Bob DV-QKD unit. When coexisting four classical channels with 150 GHz spacing between quantum and the nearest classical channel, the quantum channel deteriorates faster due to the combination of Raman noise, other nonlinearities and high aggregated launch power causing the QBER value to exceed the threshold of 6 % leading the SKR to reach a value of zero bps at a launch power of 7 dB per channel. Furthermore, the coexistence of a quantum channel and six classical channels through a field-deployed fibre Test Network is examined.      
### 34.A Bayesian Tensor Approach to Enable RIS for 6G Massive Unsourced Random Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11123.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the problem of joint massive devices separation and channel estimation for a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided unsourced random access (URA) scheme in the sixth-generation (6G) wireless networks. In particular, by associating the data sequences to a rank-one tensor and exploiting the angular sparsity of the channel, the detection problem is cast as a high-order coupled tensor decomposition problem. However, the coupling among multiple devices to RIS (device-RIS) channels together with their sparse structure make the problem intractable. By devising novel priors to incorporate problem structures, we design a novel probabilistic model to capture both the element-wise sparsity from the angular channel model and the low rank property due to the sporadic nature of URA. Based on the this probabilistic model, we develop a coupled tensor-based automatic detection (CTAD) algorithm under the framework of variational inference with fast convergence and low computational complexity. Moreover, the proposed algorithm can automatically learn the number of active devices and thus effectively avoid noise overfitting. Extensive simulation results confirm the effectiveness and improvements of the proposed URA algorithm in large-scale RIS regime.      
### 35.Detecting Small Objects in Thermal Images Using Single-Shot Detector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11101.pdf)
>  SSD (Single Shot Multibox Detector) is one of the most successful object detectors for its high accuracy and fast speed. However, the features from shallow layer (mainly Conv4_3) of SSD lack semantic information, resulting in poor performance in small objects. In this paper, we proposed DDSSD (Dilation and Deconvolution Single Shot Multibox Detector), an enhanced SSD with a novel feature fusion module which can improve the performance over SSD for small object detection. In the feature fusion module, dilation convolution module is utilized to enlarge the receptive field of features from shallow layer and deconvolution module is adopted to increase the size of feature maps from high layer. Our network achieves 79.7% mAP on PASCAL VOC2007 test and 28.3% mmAP on MS COCO test-dev at 41 FPS with only 300x300 input using a single Nvidia 1080 GPU. Especially, for small objects, DDSSD achieves 10.5% on MS COCO and 22.8% on FLIR thermal dataset, outperforming a lot of state-of-the-art object detection algorithms in both aspects of accuracy and speed.      
### 36.Multi-Attributed and Structured Text-to-Face Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11100.pdf)
>  Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have revolutionized image synthesis through many applications like face generation, photograph editing, and image super-resolution. Image synthesis using GANs has predominantly been uni-modal, with few approaches that can synthesize images from text or other data modes. Text-to-image synthesis, especially text-to-face synthesis, has promising use cases of robust face-generation from eye witness accounts and augmentation of the reading experience with visual cues. However, only a couple of datasets provide consolidated face data and textual descriptions for text-to-face synthesis. Moreover, these textual annotations are less extensive and descriptive, which reduces the diversity of faces generated from it. This paper empirically proves that increasing the number of facial attributes in each textual description helps GANs generate more diverse and real-looking faces. To prove this, we propose a new methodology that focuses on using structured textual descriptions. We also consolidate a Multi-Attributed and Structured Text-to-face (MAST) dataset consisting of high-quality images with structured textual annotations and make it available to researchers to experiment and build upon. Lastly, we report benchmark Frechet's Inception Distance (FID), Facial Semantic Similarity (FSS), and Facial Semantic Distance (FSD) scores for the MAST dataset.      
### 37.Detecting Drill Failure in the Small Short-sound Drill Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11089.pdf)
>  Monitoring the conditions of machines is vital in the manufacturing industry. Early detection of faulty components in machines for stopping and repairing the failed components can minimize the downtime of the machine. This article presents an approach to detect the failure occurring in drill machines based on drill sounds from Valmet AB. The drill dataset includes three classes: anomalous sounds, normal sounds, and irrelevant sounds, which are also labeled as ``Broken", ``Normal", and ``Other", respectively. Detecting drill failure effectively remains a challenge due to the following reasons. The waveform of drill sound is complex and short for detection. Additionally, in realistic soundscapes, there are sounds and noise in the context at the same time. Moreover, the balanced dataset is small to apply state-of-the-art deep learning techniques. To overcome these aforementioned difficulties, we augmented sounds to increase the number of sounds in the dataset. We then proposed a convolutional neural network (CNN) combined with a long short-term memory (LSTM) to extract features from log-Mel spectrograms and learn global high-level feature representation for the classification of three classes. A leaky rectified linear unit (Leaky ReLU) was utilized as the activation function for our proposed CNN instead of the rectified linear unit (ReLU). Moreover, we deployed an attention mechanism at the frame level after the LSTM layer to learn long-term global feature representations. As a result, the proposed method reached an overall accuracy of 92.35% for the drill failure detection system.      
### 38.Spill-Free Transfer and Stabilization of Viscous Liquid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.11052.pdf)
>  This paper studies the feedback stabilization problem of the motion of a tank that contains an incompressible, Newtonian, viscous liquid. The control input is the force applied on the tank and the overall system consists of two nonlinear Partial Differential Equations and two Ordinary Differential Equations. Moreover, a spill-free condition is required to hold. By applying the Control Lyapunov Functional methodology, a set of initial conditions (state space) is determined for which spill-free motion of the liquid is possible by applying an appropriate control input. Semi-global stabilization of the liquid and the tank by means of a simple feedback law is achieved, in the sense that for every closed subset of the state space, it is possible to find appropriate controller gains, so that every solution of the closed-loop system initiated from the given closed subset satisfies specific stability estimates. The closed-loop system exhibits an exponential convergence rate to the desired equilibrium point. The proposed stabilizing feedback law does not require measurement of the liquid level and velocity profiles inside the tank and simply requires measurements of: (i) the tank position error and tank velocity, (ii) the total momentum of the liquid, and (iii) the liquid levels at the tank walls. The obtained results allow an algorithmic solution of the problem of the spill-free movement and slosh-free settlement of a liquid in a vessel of limited height (such as water in a glass) by a robot to a pre-specified position, no matter how full the vessel is.      
### 39.Online Dictionary Learning Based Fault and Cyber Attack Detection for Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.10990.pdf)
>  The emerging wide area monitoring systems (WAMS) have brought significant improvements in electric grids' situational awareness. However, the newly introduced system can potentially increase the risk of cyber-attacks, which may be disguised as normal physical disturbances. This paper deals with the event and intrusion detection problem by leveraging a stream data mining classifier (Hoeffding adaptive tree) with semi-supervised learning techniques to distinguish cyber-attacks from regular system perturbations accurately. First, our proposed approach builds a dictionary by learning higher-level features from unlabeled data. Then, the labeled data are represented as sparse linear combinations of learned dictionary atoms. We capitalize on those sparse codes to train the online classifier along with efficient change detectors. We conduct numerical experiments with industrial control systems cyber-attack datasets. We consider five different scenarios: short-circuit faults, line maintenance, remote tripping command injection, relay setting change, as well as false data injection. The data are generated based on a modified IEEE 9-bus system. Simulation results show that our proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art method.      
