# ArXiv eess --Wed, 11 Aug 2021
### 1.A Linear Programming Approach to the Minimum Cost Sparsest Input Selection for Structured Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04735.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider three related cost-sparsity induced optimal input selection problems for structural controllability using a unifying linear programming (LP) framework. More precisely, given an autonomous system and a constrained input configuration where whether an input can directly actuate a state variable, as well as the corresponding (possibly different) cost, is prescribed, the problems are, respectively, selecting the minimum number of input links, selecting the minimum cost of input links, and selecting the input links with the cost as small as possible while their cardinality is not exceeding a prescribed number, all to ensure structural controllability of the resulting systems. Current studies show that in the dedicated input case (i.e., each input can actuate only a state variable), the first and second problems are polynomially solvable by some graph-theoretic algorithms, while the general nontrivial constrained case is largely unexploited. In this paper, we formulate these problems as equivalent integer linear programming (ILP) problems. Under a weaker constraint on the prescribed input configurations than most of the currently known ones with which the first two problems are reportedly polynomially solvable, we show these ILPs can be solved by simply removing the integer constraints and solving the corresponding LP problems, thus providing a unifying algebraic method, rather than graph-theoretic, for these problems with polynomial time complexity. The key to our approach is the observation that the respective constraint matrices of the ILPs are totally unimodular.      
### 2.Modulation Based On A Simple MDS Code: Achieving Better Error Performance Than Index Modulation and Related Schemes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04719.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose two novel modulation concepts based on a simple maximum distance separable (MDS) code { and show that these concepts can achieve better error performance than index modulation (IM) and related schemes.} In the first concept, we use amplitude and phase levels to form a simple MDS code, whereas, in the second one, in-phase and quadrature components of codeword elements are used to construct the MDS code. We depict practical schemes for using the proposed concepts with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM). We analyze the performance in terms of the minimum Euclidean distance and bit error rate. We also show that the proposed techniques exhibit desirable properties such as efficient low-complexity detection, very simple bits-to-symbols, and symbols-to-bits mappings, and a better error performance when compared to the OFDM-IM and related schemes. More importantly, contrary to the vast majority of IM studies that focus on showing the superiority of the IM techniques against conventional modulation techniques, we show that modulation concepts based on a well-known MDS code can achieve better error performance than the IM and related schemes while exhibiting a structure as simple as these schemes.      
### 3.Synchronization of Power Systems under Stochastic Disturbances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04667.pdf)
>  The synchronization of power generators is an important condition for the proper functioning of a power system, in which the fluctuations in frequency and the phase angle differences between the generators are sufficiently small when subjected to stochastic disturbances. Serious fluctuations can prompt desynchronization, which may lead to widespread power outages. Here, we derive explicit formulas that relate the fluctuations to the disturbances, and we reveal the role of system parameters. In particular, the relationship between synchronization stability and network theory is established, which characterizes the impact of the network topology on the fluctuations. Our analysis provides guidelines for the system parameter assignments and the design of the network topology to suppress the fluctuations and further enhance the synchronization stability of future smart grids integrated with a large amount of renewable energy.      
### 4.Deep Learning for Breast Cancer Classification: Enhanced Tangent Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04663.pdf)
>  Background and Aim: Recently, deep learning using convolutional neural network has been used successfully to classify the images of breast cells accurately. However, the accuracy of manual classification of those histopathological images is comparatively low. This research aims to increase the accuracy of the classification of breast cancer images by utilizing a Patch-Based Classifier (PBC) along with deep learning architecture. Methodology: The proposed system consists of a Deep Convolutional Neural Network (DCNN) that helps in enhancing and increasing the accuracy of the classification process. This is done by the use of the Patch-based Classifier (PBC). CNN has completely different layers where images are first fed through convolutional layers using hyperbolic tangent function together with the max-pooling layer, drop out layers, and SoftMax function for classification. Further, the output obtained is fed to a patch-based classifier that consists of patch-wise classification output followed by majority voting. Results: The results are obtained throughout the classification stage for breast cancer images that are collected from breast-histology datasets. The proposed solution improves the accuracy of classification whether or not the images had normal, benign, in-situ, or invasive carcinoma from 87% to 94% with a decrease in processing time from 0.45 s to 0.2s on average. Conclusion: The proposed solution focused on increasing the accuracy of classifying cancer in the breast by enhancing the image contrast and reducing the vanishing gradient. Finally, this solution for the implementation of the Contrast Limited Adaptive Histogram Equalization (CLAHE) technique and modified tangent function helps in increasing the accuracy.      
### 5.An Uncertainty-Aware Performance Measure for Multi-Object Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04619.pdf)
>  Evaluating the performance of multi-object tracking (MOT) methods is not straightforward, and existing performance measures fail to consider all the available uncertainty information in the MOT context. This can lead practitioners to select models which produce uncertainty estimates of lower quality, negatively impacting any downstream systems that rely on them. Additionally, most MOT performance measures have hyperparameters, which makes comparisons of different trackers less straightforward. We propose the use of the negative log-likelihood (NLL) of the \Rev{multi-object posterior} given the set of ground-truth objects as a performance measure. This measure takes into account all available uncertainty information in a sound mathematical manner without hyperparameters. We provide efficient algorithms for approximating the computation of the NLL for several common MOT algorithms, show that in some cases it decomposes and approximates the widely-used GOSPA metric, and provide several illustrative examples highlighting the advantages of the NLL in comparison to other MOT performance measures.      
### 6.Event-Triggered State Estimation with Multiple Noisy Sensor Nodes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04591.pdf)
>  General nonlinear continuous-time systems are considered for which the state is to be estimated via a packet-based communication network. We assume that the system has multiple sensor nodes, affected by measurement noise, which can transmit output data at discrete (non-equidistant) and asynchronous points in time. For this general system setup, we develop a state estimation framework, where the transmission instances of the individual sensor nodes can be generated in both time-triggered and event-triggered fashions. In the latter case, we guarantee the absence of Zeno behavior by construction. It is shown that, under the provided design conditions, an input-to-state stability property is obtained for the estimation error and that the state is thus reconstructed asymptotically in the absence of noise. A numerical case study shows the strengths of the developed framework.      
### 7.Joint Pilot Design and Channel Estimation using Deep Residual Learning for Multi-Cell Massive MIMO under Hardware Impairments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04485.pdf)
>  In multi-cell massive MIMO systems, channel estimation is deteriorated by pilot contamination and the effects of pilot contamination become more severe due to hardware impairments. In this paper, we propose a joint pilot design and channel estimation based on deep residual learning in order to mitigate the effects of pilot contamination under the consideration of hardware impairments. We first investigate a conventional linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE) based channel estimator to suppress the interference caused by pilot contamination. After that, a deep learning based pilot design is proposed to minimize the mean square error (MSE) of LMMSE channel estimation, which is utilized to the joint pilot design and channel estimator for transfer learning approach. For the channel estimator, we use a deep residual learning which extracts the features of interference caused by pilot contamination and eliminates them to estimate the channel information. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed joint pilot design and channel estimator outperforms the conventional approach in multi-cell massive MIMO scenarios. Furthermore, the joint pilot design and channel estimator using transfer learning enhances the estimation performance by reducing the effects of pilot contamination when the prior knowledge of pilot contamination cannot be exploited.      
### 8.Downlink Performance Enhancement of High Velocity Users in 5G Networks by Configuring Antenna System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04451.pdf)
>  A limitation of bandwidth in the wireless network and the exponential rise in the high data rate requirement prompted the development of Massive Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output (MIMO) technique in 5G. Using this method the ever rising data rate can be met with the increment of the number of antennas. This comes at the price of energy consumption of higher amount, complex network setups and maintenance. Moreover a high-velocity user experiences unpredictable fluctuations in the channel condition that deteriorates the downlink performance. Therefore a proper number of antenna selection is of paramount importance. This issue has been addressed using different categories of algorithms but only for static users. In this study we proffer to implement antenna diversity in closed loop spatial multiplexing MIMO transmission scheme by operating more number of reception antennas than the number of transmission antennas for ameliorating the downlink performance of high-velocity users in case of single user MIMO technology. In general our results can be interpreted for large scale antenna systems like Massive MIMO even though a 4x4 MIMO system has been executed to carry out this study here. Additionally it shows great prospects for solving practical life problems like low data rate and call drops during handover to be experienced by cellular users traveling by high-speed transportation systems like Dhaka Metro Rail. The cell edge users are anticipated to get benefits from this method in case of SU-MIMO technology. The proposed method is expected to be easily implemented in the existing network structures with nominal difficulties.      
### 9.FL-MISR: Fast Large-Scale Multi-Image Super-Resolution for Computed Tomography Based on Multi-GPU Acceleration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04315.pdf)
>  Multi-image super-resolution (MISR) usually outperforms single-image super-resolution (SISR) under a proper inter-image alignment by explicitly exploiting the inter-image correlation. However, the large computational demand encumbers the deployment of MISR methods in practice. In this work, we propose a distributed optimization framework based on data parallelism for fast large-scale MISR which supports multi- GPU acceleration, named FL-MISR. Inter-GPU communication for the exchange of local variables and over-lapped regions is enabled to impose a consensus convergence of the distributed task allocated to each GPU node. We have seamlessly integrated FL-MISR into the computed tomography (CT) imaging system by super-resolving multiple projections of the same view acquired by subpixel detector shift. The SR reconstruction is performed on the fly during the CT acquisition such that no additional computation time is introduced. We evaluated FL-MISR quantitatively and qualitatively on multiple objects including aluminium cylindrical phantoms, QRM bar pattern phantoms, and concrete joints. Experiments show that FL-MISR can effectively improve the spatial resolution of CT systems in modulation transfer function (MTF) and visual perception. Besides, comparing to a multi-core CPU implementation, FL-MISR achieves a more than 50x speedup on an off-the-shelf 4-GPU system.      
### 10.BEAMWAVE: Cross-Layer Beamforming and Scheduling for Superimposed Transmissions in Industrial IoT mmWave Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04313.pdf)
>  The omnipresence of IoT devices in Industry 4.0 is expected to foster higher reliability, safety, and efficiency. However, interconnecting a large number of wireless devices without jeopardizing the system performance proves challenging. To address the requirements of future industries, we investigate the cross-layer design of beamforming and scheduling for layered-division multiplexing (LDM) systems in millimeter-wave bands. Scheduling is crucial as the devices in industrial settings are expected to proliferate rapidly. Also, highly performant beamforming is necessary to ensure scalability. By adopting LDM, multiple transmissions can be non-orthogonally superimposed. Specifically, we consider a superior-importance control multicast message required to be ubiquitous to all devices and inferior-importance private unicast messages targeting a subset of scheduled devices. Due to NP-hardness, we propose BEAMWAVE, which decomposes the problem into beamforming and scheduling. Through simulations, we show that BEAMWAVE attains near-optimality and outperforms other competing schemes.      
### 11.Effects of sampling and horizon in predictive reinforcement learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04802.pdf)
>  Plain reinforcement learning (RL) may be prone to loss of convergence, constraint violation, unexpected performance, etc. Commonly, RL agents undergo extensive learning stages to achieve acceptable functionality. This is in contrast to classical control algorithms which are typically model-based. An direction of research is the fusion of RL with such algorithms, especially model-predictive control (MPC). This, however, introduces new hyper-parameters related to the prediction horizon. Furthermore, RL is usually concerned with Markov decision processes. But the most of the real environments are not time-discrete. The factual physical setting of RL consists of a digital agent and a time-continuous dynamical system. There is thus, in fact, yet another hyper-parameter -- the agent sampling time. In this paper, we investigate the effects of prediction horizon and sampling of two hybrid RL-MPC-agents in a case study with a mobile robot parking, which is in turn a canonical control problem. We benchmark the agents with a simple variant of MPC. The sampling showed a kind of a "sweet spot" behavior, whereas the RL agents demonstrated merits at shorter horizons.      
### 12.A New Class of Structured Beamforming for Content-Centric Fog Radio Access Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04736.pdf)
>  A multi-user fog radio access network (F-RAN) is designed for supporting content-centric services. The requested contents are partitioned into sub-contents, which are then 'beam- formed' by the remote radio heads (RRHs) for transmission to the users. Since a large number of beamformers must be designed, this poses a computational challenge. We tackle this challenge by proposing a new class of regularized zero forcing beamforming (RZFB) for directly mitigating the inter-content interferences, while the 'intra-content interference' is mitigated by successive interference cancellation at the user end. Thus each beamformer is decided by a single real variable (for proper Gaus- sian signaling) or by a pair of complex variables (for improper Gaussian signaling). Hence the total number of decision variables is substantially reduced to facilitate tractable computation. To address the problem of energy efficiency optimization subject to multiple constraints, such as individual user-rate requirement and the fronthauling constraint of the links between the RRHs and the centralized baseband signal processing unit, as well as the total transmit power budget, we develop low-complexity path- following algorithms. Finally, we actualize their performance by simulations.      
### 13.An Experimental Study of the Acoustic Field of a Single-Cell Piezoelectric Micromachined Ultrasound Transducer (PMUT)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04660.pdf)
>  Piezoelectric micromachined ultrasound transducers (PMUTs) have gained popularity in the past decade as acoustic transmitters and receivers. As these devices usually operate at resonance, they can deliver large output sound pressures with very low power consumption. This paper explores the influence of the transmitter's packaging on the radiated acoustic field in air. We run simplified axisymmetric numerical models to observe the change in the acoustic field and directivity with respect to the device's package dimensions. The simulations demonstrate a notable change in the directivity of transmitter based on the size of the baffle. Experimental measurements are carried out to validate the simulations, which prove useful in designing packages for transmitters to meet application specific requirements.      
### 14.Adaptive Time-Resolved Mass Spectrometry with Nanomechanical Resonant Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04650.pdf)
>  Nanomechanical resonant sensors that are based on detecting and tracking the resonance frequency deviations due to events of interest are being advocated for a variety of applications. All sensor schemes currently in use are subject to a basic trade-off between accuracy and speed, while there is great interest in improving both in order to enable unprecedented and widespread applications. Based on a thorough understanding of the characteristics of current resonant sensor architectures, we propose adaptive and flexible sensor schemes. Unlike recently proposed time-resolved mechanical detection methods, the proposed schemes do not require ensemble averaging of the resonator response for many independent identical stimuli. Distinct one-time events can be detected in real-time with high time resolution with an accuracy that then improves considerably with elapsed time. While the proposed adaptive schemes also need to abide by the fundamental speed versus accuracy trade-off, we show that there is still "some room at the bottom" for improvement with sensor architecture innovations. Pareto optimal performance that reaches a bound that is imposed by the fundamental thermomechanical noise can be achieved.      
### 15.Channel Modeling and Channel Estimation for Holographic Massive MIMO with Planar Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04633.pdf)
>  In a realistic wireless environment, the multi-antenna channel usually exhibits spatially correlation fading. This is more emphasized when a large number of antennas is densely deployed, known as holographic massive MIMO (multiple-input multiple-output). In the first part of this letter, we develop a channel model for holographic massive MIMO by considering both non-isotropic scattering and directive antennas. With a large number of antennas, it is difficult to obtain full knowledge of the spatial correlation matrix. In this case, channel estimation is conventionally done using the least-squares (LS) estimator that requires no prior information of the channel statistics or array geometry. In the second part of this letter, we propose novel channel estimation schemes that exploit the array geometry to identify a subspace of reduced rank that covers the eigenspace of any spatial correlation matrix. The proposed estimators outperform the LS estimator, without using channel statistics, and provide different performance/complexity tradeoffs.      
### 16.Haptic Situational Awareness Using Continuous Vibrotactile Sensations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04611.pdf)
>  In this research, we have developed a haptic situational awareness device that presents users with directional cues through continuous vibrotactile sensations. Using the device, we present user studies on the effectiveness of a torso-mounted haptic display in enhancing human situational awareness, when visual/auditory senses are degraded. A haptic display has been developed which generates continuous cues using tactile illusions and programmed to generate navigation commands. Participants are given navigation tasks where they may receive commands through any of the seven sensory modality combinations vibrotactile only, visual only, audio only, visual+vibrotactile, visual+audio, vibrotactile+audio and vibrotactile+audio+visual. Experimental results on human volunteers show that vibrotactile sensations enable enhanced situational awareness during sensory distraction as compared to visual-audio cues. This work is aimed at developing a viable haptic display for vehicle drivers, aircraft pilots and humans performing ground navigation, which can guide the wearer in situations when their visual/auditory senses may be degraded/overloaded.      
### 17.Recurrent neural network-based Internal Model Control of unknown nonlinear stable systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04585.pdf)
>  Owing to their superior modeling capabilities, gated Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), such as Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs) and Long Short-Term Memory networks (LSTMs), have become popular tools for learning dynamical systems. This paper aims to discuss how these networks can be adopted for the synthesis of Internal Model Control (IMC) architectures. To this end, a first gated RNN is used to learn a model of the unknown input-output stable plant. Then, another gated RNN approximating the model inverse is trained. The proposed scheme is able to cope with the saturation of the control variables, and it can be deployed on low-power embedded controllers since it does not require any online computation. The approach is then tested on the Quadruple Tank benchmark system, resulting in satisfactory closed-loop performances.      
### 18.The Impact of Subspace-Based Pilot Decontamination in User-Centric Scalable Cell-Free Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04579.pdf)
>  We consider a scalable user-centric wireless network with dynamic cluster formation as defined by Björnsson and Sanguinetti. Several options for scalable uplink (UL) processing are examined including: i) cluster size and SNR threshold criterion for cluster formation; ii) UL pilot dimension; iii) local detection and global (per cluster) combining. We use a simple model for the channel vector spatial correlation, which captures the fact that the propagation between UEs and RRHs is not isotropic. In particular, we define the ideal performance based on ideal but partial CSI, i.e., the CSI that can be estimated based on the users to antenna heads cluster connectivity. In practice, CSI is estimated from UL pilots, and therefore it is affected by noise and pilot contamination. We show that a very simple subspace projection scheme is able to basically attain the same performance of perfect but partial CSI. This points out that the essential information needed to pilot decontamination reduces effectively to the dominant channel subspaces.      
### 19.An Open Framework for Analyzing and Modeling XR Network Traffic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04577.pdf)
>  Thanks to recent advancements in the technology, eXtended Reality (XR) applications are gaining a lot of momentum, and they will surely become increasingly popular in the next decade. These new applications, however, require a step forward also in terms of models to simulate and analyze this type of traffic sources in modern communication networks, in order to guarantee to the users state of the art performance and Quality of Experience (QoE). Recognizing this need, in this work, we present a novel open-source traffic model, which researchers can use as a starting point both for improvements of the model itself and for the design of optimized algorithms for the transmission of these peculiar data flows. Along with the mathematical model and the code, we also share with the community the traces that we gathered for our study, collected from freely available applications such as Minecraft VR, Google Earth VR, and Virus Popper. Finally, we propose a roadmap for the construction of an end-to-end framework that fills this gap in the current state of the art.      
### 20.Evolution of NOMA Toward Next Generation Multiple Access (NGMA)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04561.pdf)
>  Due to the explosive growth in the number of wireless devices and diverse wireless services, such as virtual/augmented reality and Internet-of-Everything, next generation wireless networks face unprecedented challenges caused by heterogeneous data traffic, massive connectivity, and ultra-high bandwidth efficiency and ultra-low latency requirements. To address these challenges, advanced multiple access schemes are expected to be developed, namely next generation multiple access (NGMA), which are capable of supporting massive numbers of users in a more resource- and complexity-efficient manner than existing multiple access schemes. As the research on NGMA is in a very early stage, in this paper, we explore the evolution of NGMA with a particular focus on non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA), i.e., the transition from NOMA to NGMA. In particular, we first review the fundamental capacity limits of NOMA, elaborate the new requirements for NGMA, and discuss several possible candidate techniques. Moreover, given the high compatibility and flexibility of NOMA, we provide an overview of current research efforts on multi-antenna techniques for NOMA, promising future application scenarios of NOMA, and the interplay between NOMA and other emerging physical layer techniques. Furthermore, we discuss advanced mathematical tools for facilitating the design of NOMA communication systems, including conventional optimization approaches and new machine learning techniques. Next, we propose a unified framework for NGMA based on multiple antennas and NOMA, where both downlink and uplink transmission are considered, thus setting the foundation for this emerging research area. Finally, several practical implementation challenges for NGMA are highlighted as motivation for future work.      
### 21.Time-Optimal Planning for Quadrotor Waypoint Flight  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04537.pdf)
>  Quadrotors are among the most agile flying robots. However, planning time-optimal trajectories at the actuation limit through multiple waypoints remains an open problem. This is crucial for applications such as inspection, delivery, search and rescue, and drone racing. Early works used polynomial trajectory formulations, which do not exploit the full actuator potential because of their inherent smoothness. Recent works resorted to numerical optimization but require waypoints to be allocated as costs or constraints at specific discrete times. However, this time allocation is a priori unknown and renders previous works incapable of producing truly time-optimal trajectories. To generate truly time-optimal trajectories, we propose a solution to the time allocation problem while exploiting the full quadrotor's actuator potential. We achieve this by introducing a formulation of progress along the trajectory, which enables the simultaneous optimization of the time allocation and the trajectory itself. We compare our method against related approaches and validate it in real-world flights in one of the world's largest motion-capture systems, where we outperform human expert drone pilots in a drone-racing task.      
### 22.Decentralized Observation of Discrete-Event Systems: At Least One Can Tell  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04523.pdf)
>  We introduce a new decentralized observation condition which we call "at least one can tell" (OCT) and which attempts to capture the idea that for any possible behavior that a system can generate, at least one decentralized observation agent can tell whether that behavior was "good" or "bad", for given formal specifications of "good" and "bad". We provide several equivalent formulations of the OCT condition, and we relate it to (and show that it is different from) previously introduced joint observability. In fact, contrary to joint observability which is undecidable, we show that the OCT condition is decidable. We also show that when the condition holds, finite-state decentralized observers exist.      
### 23.Iterative Self-consistent Parallel Magnetic Resonance Imaging Reconstruction based on Nonlocal Low-Rank Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04517.pdf)
>  Iterative self-consistent parallel imaging reconstruction (SPIRiT) is an effective self-calibrated reconstruction model for parallel magnetic resonance imaging (PMRI). The joint L1 norm of wavelet coefficients and joint total variation (TV) regularization terms are incorporated into the SPIRiT model to improve the reconstruction performance. The simultaneous two-directional low-rankness (STDLR) in k-space data is incorporated into SPIRiT to realize improved reconstruction. Recent methods have exploited the nonlocal self-similarity (NSS) of images by imposing nonlocal low-rankness of similar patches to achieve a superior performance. To fully utilize both the NSS in Magnetic resonance (MR) images and calibration consistency in the k-space domain, we propose a nonlocal low-rank (NLR)-SPIRiT model by incorporating NLR regularization into the SPIRiT model. We apply the weighted nuclear norm (WNN) as a surrogate of the rank and employ the Nash equilibrium (NE) formulation and alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) to efficiently solve the NLR-SPIRiT model. The experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of NLR-SPIRiT over the state-of-the-art methods via three objective metrics and visual comparison.      
### 24.Joint Association and Resource Allocation for Multi-Hop Integrated Access and Backhaul (IAB) Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04483.pdf)
>  Integrated access and backhaul (IAB) network is envisioned as a novel network architecture for increasing the network capacity and coverage. To facilitate the IAB network, the appropriate methods of wireless link association and resource management are required. In this paper, we investigate the joint optimization problem of association and resource allocation in terms of subchannel and power for IAB network. In particular, we handle the association and resource allocation problems for wireless backhaul and access links considering multi-hop backhauling. Since the optimization problem for IAB network is formulated as a mixed integer non-linear programming (MINLP), we divide it into three subproblems for association, subchannel allocation, and power allocation, respectively, and these subproblems are solved alternatively to obtain a local optimal solution. For the association problem, we adopt the Lagrangian duality approach to configure the backhaul and access links and successive convex approximation (SCA) approach is used to solve the subchannel and power allocation problems efficiently. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm achieves better performance than single-hop backhauling based network and enhances the capacity and coverage by configuring the multi-hop backhauling.      
### 25.AASeg: Attention Aware Network for Real Time Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04349.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new network named Attention Aware Network (AASeg) for real time semantic image segmentation. Our network incorporates spatial and channel information using Spatial Attention (SA) and Channel Attention (CA) modules respectively. It also uses dense local multi-scale context information using Multi Scale Context (MSC) module. The feature maps are concatenated individually to produce the final segmentation map. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our method using a comprehensive analysis, quantitative experimental results and ablation study using Cityscapes, ADE20K and Camvid datasets. Our network performs better than most previous architectures with a 74.4\% Mean IOU on Cityscapes test dataset while running at 202.7 FPS.      
### 26.A Survey of Machine Learning Techniques for Detecting and Diagnosing COVID-19 from Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2108.04344.pdf)
>  Due to the limited availability and high cost of the reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test, many studies have proposed machine learning techniques for detecting COVID-19 from medical imaging. The purpose of this study is to systematically review, assess, and synthesize research articles that have used different machine learning techniques to detect and diagnose COVID-19 from chest X-ray and CT scan images. A structured literature search was conducted in the relevant bibliographic databases to ensure that the survey solely centered on reproducible and high-quality research. We selected papers based on our inclusion criteria. In this survey, we reviewed $98$ articles that fulfilled our inclusion criteria. We have surveyed a complete pipeline of chest imaging analysis techniques related to COVID-19, including data collection, pre-processing, feature extraction, classification, and visualization. We have considered CT scans and X-rays as both are widely used to describe the latest developments in medical imaging to detect COVID-19. This survey provides researchers with valuable insights into different machine learning techniques and their performance in the detection and diagnosis of COVID-19 from chest imaging. At the end, the challenges and limitations in detecting COVID-19 using machine learning techniques and the future direction of research are discussed.      
