# ArXiv eess --Tue, 5 Apr 2022
### 1.Three-dimensional Microstructural Image Synthesis from 2D Backscattered Electron Image of Cement Paste  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01645.pdf)
>  The microstructure is significant for exploring the physical properties of hardened cement paste. In general, the microstructures of hardened cement paste are obtained by microscopy. As a popular method, scanning electron microscopy (SEM) can acquire high-quality 2D images but fails to obtain 3D microstructures.Although several methods, such as microtomography (Micro-CT) and Focused Ion Beam Scanning Electron Microscopy (FIB-SEM), can acquire 3D microstructures, these fail to obtain high-quality 3D images or consume considerable cost. To address these issues, a method based on solid texture synthesis is proposed, synthesizing high-quality 3D microstructural image of hardened cement paste. This method includes 2D backscattered electron (BSE) image acquisition and 3D microstructure synthesis phases. In the approach, the synthesis model is based on solid texture synthesis, capturing microstructure information of the acquired 2D BSE image and generating high-quality 3D microstructures. In experiments, the method is verified on actual 3D Micro-CT images and 2D BSE images. Finally, qualitative experiments demonstrate that the 3D microstructures generated by our method have similar visual characteristics to the given 2D example. Furthermore, quantitative experiments prove that the synthetic 3D results are consistent with the actual instance in terms of porosity, particle size distribution, and grey scale co-occurrence matrix.      
### 2.Impedance-based Root-cause Analysis: Comparative Study of Impedance Models and Calculation of Eigenvalue Sensitivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01608.pdf)
>  Impedance models of power systems are useful when state-space models of apparatus such as inverter-based resources (IBRs) have not been made available and instead only black-box impedance models are available. For tracing the root causes of poor damping and tuning modes of the system, the sensitivity of the modes to components and parameters are needed. The so-called critical admittance-eigenvalue sensitivity based on nodal admittance model has provided a partial solution but omits meaningful directional information. The alternative whole-system impedance model yields participation factors of shunt-connected apparatus with directional information that allows separate tuning for damping and frequency, yet do not cover series-connected components. This paper formalises the relationships between the two forms of impedance models and between the two forms of root-cause analysis. The calculation of system eigenvalue sensitivity in impedance models is further developed, which fills the gaps of previous research and establishes a complete theory of impedance-based root-cause analysis. The theoretical relationships and the tuning of parameters have been illustrated with a three-node passive network, a modified IEEE 14-bus network and a modified NETS-NYPS 68-bus network, showing that tools can be developed for tuning of IBR-rich power systems where only black-box impedance models are available.      
### 3.Distributed Anomaly Detection and Estimation over Sensor Networks: Observational-Equivalence and Q-Redundant Observer Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01549.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study stateless and stateful physics-based anomaly detection scenarios via distributed estimation over sensor networks. In the stateful case, the detector keeps track of the sensor residuals (i.e., the difference of estimated and true outputs) and reports an alarm if certain statistics of the recorded residuals deviate over a predefined threshold, e.g., \chi^2 (Chi-square) detector. Instead, only instantaneous deviation of the residuals raises the alarm in the stateless case without considering the history of the sensor outputs and estimation data. Given (approximate) false-alarm rate for both cases, we propose a probabilistic threshold design based on the noise statistics. We show by simulation that increasing the window length in the stateful case may not necessarily reduce the false-alarm rate. On the other hand, it adds unwanted delay to raise the alarm. The distributed aspect of the proposed detection algorithm enables local isolation of the faulty sensors with possible recovery solutions by adding redundant observationally-equivalent sensors. We, then, offer a mechanism to design Q-redundant distributed observers, robust to failure (or removal) of up to Q sensors over the network.      
### 4.An Isolated Gate Driver for Multi-Active Bridges with Soft Switching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01547.pdf)
>  The design of gate drivers is an important topic in power converter topologies that can help reduce switching losses and increase power density. Gate driving techniques that offer zero-voltage switching and/or zero current switching have recently been successfully proposed for different modular multilevel converters such as the cascaded H bridge. Previous papers on other multilevel converters such as the multi-active bridge, however, do not sufficiently assess the topics of gate driver design for this topology. This work presents a novel isolated gate driver architecture tailored to the multi-active bridge topology. Zero voltage switching is then achieved using two multi-winding transformers. The advantages of the proposed topology are not only a reduction of switching losses but also reduced component count. <br>The topology is evaluated on a prototype using experimental results. <br>It was shown using simulation and experiments that the proposed topology has a high efficiency while providing compact power packaging. <br>Especially for converters with many levels, the proposed topology is therefore advantageous compared to existing solutions.      
### 5.Deep Learning for Spectral Filling in Radio Frequency Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01536.pdf)
>  Due to the Internet of Things (IoT) proliferation, Radio Frequency (RF) channels are increasingly congested with new kinds of devices, which carry unique and diverse communication needs. This poses complex challenges in modern digital communications, and calls for the development of technological innovations that (i) optimize capacity (bitrate) in limited bandwidth environments, (ii) integrate cooperatively with already-deployed RF protocols, and (iii) are adaptive to the ever-changing demands in modern digital communications. In this paper we present methods for applying deep neural networks for spectral filling. Given an RF channel transmitting digital messages with a pre-established modulation scheme, we automatically learn novel modulation schemes for sending extra information, in the form of additional messages, "around" the fixed-modulation signals (i.e., without interfering with them). In so doing, we effectively increase channel capacity without increasing bandwidth. We further demonstrate the ability to generate signals that closely resemble the original modulations, such that the presence of extra messages is undetectable to third-party listeners. We present three computational experiments demonstrating the efficacy of our methods, and conclude by discussing the implications of our results for modern RF applications.      
### 6.Joint Initial Access and Localization in Millimeter Wave Vehicular Networks: a Hybrid Model/Data Driven Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01510.pdf)
>  High resolution compressive channel estimation provides information for vehicle localization when a hybrid mmWave MIMO system is considered. Complexity and memory requirements can, however, become a bottleneck when high accuracy localization is required. An additional challenge is the need of path order information to apply the appropriate geometric relationships between the channel path parameters and the vehicle, RSU and scatterers position. In this paper, we propose a low complexity channel estimation strategy of the angle of departure and time difference of arrival based on multidimensional orthogonal matching pursuit. We also design a deep neural network that predicts the order of the channel paths so only the LoS and first order reflections are used for localization. Simulation results obtained with realistic vehicular channels generated by ray tracing show that sub-meter accuracy can be achieved for 50% of the users, without resorting to perfect synchronization assumptions or unfeasible all-digital high resolution MIMO architectures.      
### 7.An Inverse Optimal Control Approach for Trajectory Prediction of Autonomous Race Cars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01494.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an optimization-based approach to predict trajectories of autonomous race cars. We assume that the observed trajectory is the result of an optimization problem that trades off path progress against acceleration and jerk smoothness, and which is restricted by constraints. The algorithm predicts a trajectory by solving a parameterized nonlinear program (NLP) which contains path progress and smoothness in cost terms. By observing the actual motion of a vehicle, the parameters of prediction are updated by means of solving an inverse optimal control problem that contains the parameters of the predicting NLP as optimization variables. The algorithm therefore learns to predict the observed vehicle trajectory in a least-squares relation to measurement data and to the presumed structure of the predicting NLP. This work contributes with an algorithm that allows for accurate and interpretable predictions with sparse data. The algorithm is implemented on embedded hardware in an autonomous real-world race car that is competing in the challenge Roborace and analyzed with respect to recorded data.      
### 8.Distributed online estimation of biophysical neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01472.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a distributed adaptive observer for a class of networked systems inspired by biophysical conductance-based neural network models. Neural systems learn by adjusting intrinsic and synaptic weights in a distributed fashion, with neuronal membrane voltages carrying information from neighbouring neurons in the network. Using contraction analysis, we show that this learning principle can be used to design an adaptive observer based on a decentralized learning rule that greatly reduces the number of observer states required for consistent exponential convergence of parameter estimates. This novel design is relevant for biological, biomedical and neuromorphic applications.      
### 9.Ultra Local Nonlinear Unknown Input Observers for Robust Fault Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01455.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a methodology for actuator and sensor fault estimation in nonlinear systems. The method consists in augmenting the system dynamics with an approximated ultra-local model (a finite chain of integrators) for the fault vector and constructing a Nonlinear Unknown Input Observer (NUIO) for the augmented dynamics. Then, fault reconstruction is reformulated as a robust state estimation problem in the augmented state (true state plus fault-related state). We provide sufficient conditions that guarantee the existence of the observer and stability of the estimation error dynamics (asymptotic stability of the origin in the absence of faults and ISS guarantees in the faulty case). Then, we cast the synthesis of observer gains as a semidefinite program where we minimize the L2-gain from the model mismatch induced by the approximated fault model to the fault estimation error. Finally, simulations are given to illustrate the performance of the proposed methodology.      
### 10.Circuit Model Reduction with Scaled Relative Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01434.pdf)
>  Continued fractions are classical representations of complex objects (for example, real numbers) as sums and inverses of simpler objects (for example, integers). The analogy in linear circuit theory is a chain of series/parallel one-ports: the port behavior is a continued fraction containing the port behaviors of its elements. Truncating a continued fraction is a classical method of approximation, which corresponds to deleting the circuit elements furthest from the port. We apply this idea to chains of series/parallel one-ports composed of arbitrary nonlinear relations. This gives a model reduction method which automatically preserves properties such as incremental positivity. The Scaled Relative Graph (SRG) gives a graphical representation of the original and truncated port behaviors. The difference of these SRGs gives a bound on the approximation error, which is shown to be competitive with existing methods.      
### 11.Computer-Aided Extraction of Select MRI Markers of Cerebral Small Vessel Disease: A Systematic Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01411.pdf)
>  Cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD) is a major vascular contributor to cognitive impairment in ageing, including dementias. Imaging remains the most promising method for in vivo studies of CSVD. To replace the subjective and laborious visual rating approaches, emerging studies have applied state-of-the-art artificial intelligence to extract imaging biomarkers of CSVD from MRI scans. We aimed to summarise published computer-aided methods to examine three imaging biomarkers of CSVD, namely cerebral microbleeds (CMB), dilated perivascular spaces (PVS), and lacunes of presumed vascular origin. Seventy-one classical image processing, classical machine learning, and deep learning studies were identified. CMB and PVS have been better studied, compared to lacunes. While good performance metrics have been achieved in local test datasets, there have not been generalisable pipelines validated in different research or clinical cohorts. Transfer learning and weak supervision techniques have been applied to accommodate the limitations in training data. Future studies could consider pooling data from multiple sources to increase diversity, and validating the performance of the methods using both image processing metrics and associations with clinical measures.      
### 12.Safe Controller for Output Feedback Linear Systems using Model-Based Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01409.pdf)
>  The objective of this research is to enable safety-critical systems to simultaneously learn and execute optimal control policies in a safe manner to achieve complex autonomy. Learning optimal policies via trial and error, i.e., traditional reinforcement learning, is difficult to implement in safety-critical systems, particularly when task restarts are unavailable. Safe model-based reinforcement learning techniques based on a barrier transformation have recently been developed to address this problem. However, these methods rely on full state feedback, limiting their usability in a real-world environment. In this work, an output-feedback safe model-based reinforcement learning technique based on a novel barrier-aware dynamic state estimator has been designed to address this issue. The developed approach facilitates simultaneous learning and execution of safe control policies for safety-critical linear systems. Simulation results indicate that barrier transformation is an effective approach to achieve online reinforcement learning in safety-critical systems using output feedback.      
### 13.The Vicomtech Spoofing-Aware Biometric System for the SASV Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01399.pdf)
>  This paper describes our proposed integration system for the spoofing-aware speaker verification challenge. It consists of a robust spoofing-aware verification system that use the speaker verification and antispoofing embeddings extracted from specialized neural networks. First, an integration network, fed with the test utterance's speaker verification and spoofing embeddings, is used to compute a spoof-based score. This score is then linearly combined with the cosine similarity between the speaker verification embeddings from the enrollment and test utterances, thus obtaining the final scoring decision. Moreover, the integration network is trained using a one-class loss function to discriminate between target trials and unauthorized accesses. Our proposed system is evaluated in the ASVspoof19 database, exhibiting competitive performance compared to other integration approaches. In addition, we test, along with our integration approach, state of the art speaker verification and antispoofing systems based on self-supervised learning, yielding high-performance speech biometric systems.      
### 14.Anti-Spoofing Using Transfer Learning with Variational Information Bottleneck  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01387.pdf)
>  Recent advances in sophisticated synthetic speech generated from text-to-speech (TTS) or voice conversion (VC) systems cause threats to the existing automatic speaker verification (ASV) systems. Since such synthetic speech is generated from diverse algorithms, generalization ability with using limited training data is indispensable for a robust anti-spoofing system. In this work, we propose a transfer learning scheme based on the wav2vec 2.0 pretrained model with variational information bottleneck (VIB) for speech anti-spoofing task. Evaluation on the ASVspoof 2019 logical access (LA) database shows that our method improves the performance of distinguishing unseen spoofed and genuine speech, outperforming current state-of-the-art anti-spoofing systems. Furthermore, we show that the proposed system improves performance in low-resource and cross-dataset settings of anti-spoofing task significantly, demonstrating that our system is also robust in terms of data size and data distribution.      
### 15.Target Confusion in End-to-end Speaker Extraction: Analysis and Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01355.pdf)
>  Recently, end-to-end speaker extraction has attracted increasing attention and shown promising results. However, its performance is often inferior to that of a blind source separation (BSS) counterpart with a similar network architecture, due to the auxiliary speaker encoder may sometimes generate ambiguous speaker embeddings. Such ambiguous guidance information may confuse the separation network and hence lead to wrong extraction results, which deteriorates the overall performance. We refer to this as the target confusion problem. In this paper, we conduct an analysis of such an issue and solve it in two stages. In the training phase, we propose to integrate metric learning methods to improve the distinguishability of embeddings produced by the speaker encoder. While for inference, a novel post-filtering strategy is designed to revise the wrong results. Specifically, we first identify these confusion samples by measuring the similarities between output estimates and enrollment utterances, after which the true target sources are recovered by a subtraction operation. Experiments show that performance improvement of more than 1dB SI-SDRi can be brought, which validates the effectiveness of our methods and emphasizes the impact of the target confusion problem.      
### 16.Concurrent learning in high-order tuners for parameter identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01346.pdf)
>  High-order tuners are algorithms that show promise in achieving greater efficiency than classic gradient-based algorithms in identifying the parameters of parametric models and/or in facilitating the progress of a control or optimization algorithm whose adaptive behavior relies on such models. For high-order tuners, robust stability properties, namely uniform global asymptotic (and exponential) stability, currently rely on a persistent excitation (PE) condition. In this work, we establish such stability properties with a novel analysis based on a Matrosov theorem and then show that the PE requirement can be relaxed via a concurrent learning technique driven by sampled data points that are sufficiently rich. We show numerically that concurrent learning may greatly improve efficiency. We incorporate reset methods that preserve the stability guarantees while providing additional improvements that may be relevant in applications that demand highly accurate parameter estimates at relatively low additional cost in computation.      
### 17.MOSRA: Joint Mean Opinion Score and Room Acoustics Speech Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01345.pdf)
>  The acoustic environment can degrade speech quality during communication (e.g., video call, remote presentation, outside voice recording), and its impact is often unknown. Objective metrics for speech quality have proven challenging to develop given the multi-dimensionality of factors that affect speech quality and the difficulty of collecting labeled data. Hypothesizing the impact of acoustics on speech quality, this paper presents MOSRA: a non-intrusive multi-dimensional speech quality metric that can predict room acoustics parameters (SNR, STI, T60, DRR, and C50) alongside the overall mean opinion score (MOS) for speech quality. By explicitly optimizing the model to learn these room acoustics parameters, we can extract more informative features and improve the generalization for the MOS task when the training data is limited. Furthermore, we also show that this joint training method enhances the blind estimation of room acoustics, improving the performance of current state-of-the-art models. An additional side-effect of this joint prediction is the improvement in the explainability of the predictions, which is a valuable feature for many applications.      
### 18.Logistics in the Sky: A Two-phase Optimization Approach for the Drone Package Pickup and Delivery System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01335.pdf)
>  The application of drones in the last-mile distribution is a research hotspot in recent years. Different from the previous urban distribution mode that depends on trucks, this paper proposes a novel package pick-up and delivery mode and system in which multiple drones collaborate with automatic devices. The proposed mode uses free areas on the top of residential buildings to set automatic devices as delivery and pick-up points of packages, and employs drones to transport packages between buildings and depots. Integrated scheduling problem of package drop-pickup considering m-drone, m-depot, m-customer is crucial for the system. We propose a simulated-annealing-based two-phase optimization approach (SATO) to solve this problem. In the first phase, tasks are allocated to depots for serving, such that the initial problem is decomposed into multiple single depot scheduling problems with m-drone. In the second phase, considering the drone capability constraints and task demand constraints, we generate the route planning scheme for drones in each depot. Concurrently, an improved variable neighborhood descent algorithm (IVND) is designed in the first phase to reallocate tasks, and a local search algorithm (LS) are proposed to search the high-quality solution in the second phase. Finally, extensive experiments and comparative studies are conducted to test the effectiveness of the proposed approach. Experiments indicate that the proposed SATO-IVND can reduce the cost by more than 14% in a reasonable time compared with several other peer algorithms.      
### 19.tPLCnet: Real-time Deep Packet Loss Concealment in the Time Domain Using a Short Temporal Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01300.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a real-time time-domain packet loss concealment (PLC) neural-network (tPLCnet). It efficiently predicts lost frames from a short context buffer in a sequence-to-one (seq2one) fashion. Because of its seq2one structure, a continuous inference of the model is not required since it can be triggered when packet loss is actually detected. It is trained on 64h of open-source speech data and packet-loss traces of real calls provided by the Audio PLC Challenge. The model with the lowest complexity described in this paper reaches a robust PLC performance and consistent improvements over the zero-filling baseline for all metrics. A configuration with higher complexity is submitted to the PLC Challenge and shows a performance increase of 1.07 compared to the zero-filling baseline in terms of PLC-MOS on the blind test set and reaches a competitive 3rd place in the challenge ranking.      
### 20.Verifying Weak and Strong $k$-Step Opacity in Discrete-Event Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01286.pdf)
>  Opacity is an important system-theoretic property expressing whether a system may reveal its secret to a passive observer (an intruder) who knows the structure of the system but has only limited observations of its behavior. Several notions of opacity have been discussed in the literature, including current-state opacity, $k$-step opacity, and infinite-step opacity. We investigate weak and strong $k$-step opacity, notions that generalize both current-state opacity and infinite-step opacity, and ask whether the intruder is not able to decide, at any instant, when respectively whether the system was in a secret state during the last $k$ observable steps. We design a new algorithm verifying weak $k$-step opacity, the complexity of which is lower than the complexity of existing algorithms and does not depend on the parameter $k$, and show how to use it to verify strong $k$-step opacity by reducing strong $k$-step opacity to weak $k$-step opacity. The complexity of the resulting algorithm is again better than the complexity of existing algorithms and does not depend on the parameter $k$.      
### 21.Into-TTS : Intonation Template based Prosody Control System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01271.pdf)
>  Intonations take an important role in delivering the intention of the speaker. However, current end-to-end TTS systems often fail to model proper intonations. To alleviate this problem, we propose a novel, intuitive method to synthesize speech in different intonations using predefined intonation templates. Prior to the acoustic model training, speech data are automatically grouped into intonation templates by k-means clustering, according to their sentence-final F0 contour. Two proposed modules are added to the end-to-end TTS framework: intonation classifier and intonation encoder. The intonation classifier recommends a suitable intonation template to the given text. The intonation encoder, attached to the text encoder output, synthesizes speech abiding the requested intonation template. Main contributions of our paper are: (a) an easy-to-use intonation control system covering a wide range of users; (b) better performance in wrapping speech in a requested intonation with improved pitch distance and MOS; and (c) feasibility to future integration between TTS and NLP, TTS being able to utilize contextual information. Audio samples are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://srtts.github.io/IntoTTS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 22.Differentiable Rendering for Synthetic Aperture Radar Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01248.pdf)
>  There is rising interest in integrating signal and image processing pipelines into deep learning training to incorporate more domain knowledge. This can lead to deep neural networks that are trained more robustly and with limited data, as well as the capability to solve ill-posed inverse problems. In particular, there is rising interest in differentiable rendering, which allows explicitly modeling geometric priors and constraints in the optimization pipeline using first-order methods such as backpropagation. Existing efforts in differentiable rendering have focused on imagery from electro-optical sensors, particularly conventional RGB-imagery. In this work, we propose an approach for differentiable rendering of Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) imagery, which combines methods from 3D computer graphics with neural rendering. We demonstrate the approach on the inverse graphics problem of 3D Object Reconstruction from limited SAR imagery using high-fidelity simulated SAR data.      
### 23.A Novel Mask R-CNN Model to Segment Heterogeneous Brain Tumors through Image Subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01201.pdf)
>  The segmentation of diseases is a popular topic explored by researchers in the field of machine learning. Brain tumors are extremely dangerous and require the utmost precision to segment for a successful surgery. Patients with tumors usually take 4 MRI scans, T1, T1gd, T2, and FLAIR, which are then sent to radiologists to segment and analyze for possible future surgery. To create a second segmentation, it would be beneficial to both radiologists and patients in being more confident in their conclusions. We propose using a method performed by radiologists called image segmentation and applying it to machine learning models to prove a better segmentation. Using Mask R-CNN, its ResNet backbone being pre-trained on the RSNA pneumonia detection challenge dataset, we can train a model on the Brats2020 Brain Tumor dataset. Center for Biomedical Image Computing &amp; Analytics provides MRI data on patients with and without brain tumors and the corresponding segmentations. We can see how well the method of image subtraction works by comparing it to models without image subtraction through DICE coefficient (F1 score), recall, and precision on the untouched test set. Our model performed with a DICE coefficient of 0.75 in comparison to 0.69 without image subtraction. To further emphasize the usefulness of image subtraction, we compare our final model to current state-of-the-art models to segment tumors from MRI scans.      
### 24.Switched Max-Plus Linear-Dual Inequalities: Application in Scheduling of Multi-Product Processing Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01156.pdf)
>  P-time event graphs are discrete event systems suitable for modeling processes in which tasks must be executed in predefined time windows. Their dynamics can be represented by systems of linear dynamical inequalities in the max-plus algebra and its dual, the min-plus algebra, referred to as max-plus linear-dual inequalities (LDIs). We define a new class of models called switched LDIs (SLDIs), which allow to switch between different modes of operations, each corresponding to an LDI, according to an infinite sequence of modes called schedule. In this paper, we focus on the analysis of SLDIs when the schedule is fixed and periodic. We show that SLDIs can model single-robot multi-product processing networks, in which every product has different processing requirements and corresponds to a specific mode of operation. Based on the analysis of SLDIs, we propose an algorithm to compute minimum and maximum cycle times for these processes that improves the time complexity of other existing approaches.      
### 25.Control Co-design of a Hydrokinetic Turbine with Open-loop Optimal Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01134.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a control co-design (CCD) framework to simultaneously explore the physical parameters and control spaces for a hydro-kinetic turbine (HKT) rotor optimization. The optimization formulation incorporates a coupled dynamic-hydrodynamic model to maximize the rotor power efficiency for various time-variant flow profiles. The open-loop optimal control is applied for maximum power tracking, and the blade element momentum theory (BEMT) is used to model the hydrodynamics. Case studies with different control constraints are investigated for CCD. Sensitivity analyses were conducted with respect to different flow profiles and initial geometries. Comparisons are made between CCD and the sequential process, with physical design followed by a control design process under the same conditions. The results demonstrate the benefits of CCD and reveal that, with control constraints, CCD leads to increased energy production compared to the design obtained from the sequential design process.      
### 26.Adaptive Stochastic MPC under Unknown Noise Distribution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01107.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the stochastic MPC (SMPC) problem for linear systems, subject to chance state constraints and hard input constraints, under unknown noise distribution. First, we reformulate the chance state constraints as deterministic constraints depending only on explicit noise statistics. Based on these reformulated constraints, we design a distributionally robust and robustly stable benchmark SMPC algorithm for the ideal setting of known noise statistics. Then, we employ this benchmark controller to derive a novel robustly stable adaptive SMPC scheme that learns the necessary noise statistics online, while guaranteeing time-uniform satisfaction of the unknown reformulated state constraints with high probability. The latter is achieved through the use of confidence intervals which rely on the empirical noise statistics and are valid uniformly over time. Moreover, control performance is improved over time as more noise samples are gathered and better estimates of the noise statistics are obtained, given the online adaptation of the estimated reformulated constraints. Additionally, in tracking problems with multiple successive targets our approach leads to an online-enlarged domain of attraction compared to robust tube-based MPC. A numerical simulation of a DC-DC converter is used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the developed methodology.      
### 27.Learning-Based Safe Motion Control of Vehicle Ski-Stunt Maneuvers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01101.pdf)
>  This paper presents a safety guaranteed control method for an autonomous vehicle ski-stunt maneuver, that is, a vehicle moving with two one-side wheels. To capture the vehicle dynamics precisely, a Gaussian process model is used as additional correction to the nominal model that is obtained from physical principles. We construct a probabilistic control barrier function (CBF) to guarantee the planar motion safety. The CBF and the balance equilibrium manifold are enforced as the constraints into a safety critical control form. Under the proposed control method, the vehicle avoids the obstacle collision and safely maintain the balance for autonomous ski-stunt maneuvers. We conduct numerical simulation validation to demonstrate the control design. Preliminary experiment results are also presented to confirm the learning-based motion control using a scaled RC truck for autonomous ski-stunt maneuvers.      
### 28.Localizing the Vehicle's Antenna: an Open Problem in 6G Network Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01097.pdf)
>  Millimeter Waves (mmW) and sub-THz frequencies are the candidate bands for the upcoming Sixth Generation (6G) of communication systems. The use of collimated beams at mmW/sub-THz to compensate for the increased path and penetration loss arises the need for a seamless Beam Management (BM), especially for high mobility scenarios such as the Vehicle-to-Infrastructure (V2I) one. Recent research advances in Integrated Sensing and Communication (ISAC) indicate that equipping the network infrastructure, e.g., the Base Station (BS), with either a stand-alone radar or sensing capabilities using optimized waveforms, represents the killer technology to facilitate the BM. However, radio sensing should accurately localize the Vehicular Equipment (VE)'s antenna, which is not guaranteed in general. Differently, employing side information from VE's onboard positioning sensors might overcome this limitation at the price of an increased control signaling between VE and BS. This paper provides a pragmatic comparison between radar-assisted and position-assisted BM for mmW V2I systems in a typical urban scenario in terms of BM training time and beamforming gain loss due to a wrong BM decision. Simulation results, supported by experimental evidence, show that the point target approximation of a traveling VE does not hold in practical V2I scenarios with radar-equipped BS. Therefore, the true antenna position has a residual uncertainty that is independent of radar's resolution and implies 50\,\% more BM training time on average. Moreover, there is not a winning technology for BM between BS-mounted radar and VE's onboard positioning systems. They provide complementary performance, depending on position, although outperforming blind BM techniques compared to conventional blind methods. Thus, we propose to optimally combine radar and positioning information in a multi-technology integrated BM solution.      
### 29.Hierarchical Frequency Control of Hybrid Power Plants Using Frequency Response Observer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01093.pdf)
>  Frequency control (FC) enables utility-scale grid-connected hybrid power plants (HPPs) to operate in compliance with grid code requirements while to capture value streams from provision of frequency control services (FCSs). In this paper, a novel hierarchical FC approach is proposed to allow HPPs to provide three types of FCSs, namely fast frequency response (FFR), frequency containment response (FCR) and frequency restoration response (FRR). To accommodate state-of-the-art fast FC, controllers for fast FCSs, such as FFR and FCR, are implemented at asset controllers, while controllers for slow FCSs like FRR are implemented at plant controllers or the HPP controller (HPPC). Control counteraction issue, which arises across control hierarchy, is then discussed. To solve this issue, an innovative frequency response observer (FROB) is proposed. Inspired by the concept of disturbance observer (DOB), FROB at plant controllers and the HPPC accurately estimates frequency response initiated at asset controllers, and the obtained estimation is used for control compensation at plant controllers and the HPPC to avoid control counteraction. This scheme achieves robust performance even when there are system uncertainties existing in HPPs, such as parameter uncertainty, unknown control malfunction, and time-varying communication delays. The proposed approach is implemented in a power system dynamic model in MATLAB/Simulink to highlight its effectiveness and robustness.      
### 30.On Constrained Input Selections for Structured Systems: Polynomially Solvable Cases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01084.pdf)
>  This paper investigates two related optimal input selection problems for structured systems. Given are an autonomous system and a set of inputs, where whether an input can directly actuate a state variable is given a priori, and each input has a non-negative cost. The problems are, selecting the minimum cost of inputs, and selecting the inputs with the smallest possible cost with a bound on their cardinality, all to ensure system structural controllability. Those problems are known to be NP-hard in general. In this paper, instead of finding approximation algorithms, we explore classes of systems on which those problems are polynomially solvable. We show subject to the so-called source strongly-connected component separated input constraint, which contains all the currently known nontrivial polynomially solvable cases as special ones, those problems can be solvable in polynomial time. We do this by first formulating those problems as equivalent integer linear programmings (ILPs), and then proving that the corresponding constraint matrices are totally unimodular. This property allows us to solve those ILPs efficiently simply via their linear programming (LP) relaxations, leading to a unifying algebraic method for these problems with polynomial time complexity. A numerical example is given to illustrate these results      
### 31.Modelling and Control of Production Systems based on Observed Inter-event Times: An Analytical and Empirical Investigation (Ph.D. Thesis)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01079.pdf)
>  Technological advances allow manufacturers to collect and access data from a production system effectively. The objective of data collection is to deploy the collected data in developing decision support systems for performance evaluation, problem identification, and production control. The goal of this dissertation is to investigate how the collected data can be used to evaluate performance and optimize manufacturing systems, analytically and empirically. In the first part of the thesis, I investigate how can the collected data from the shop-floor be used in the efficient control and design of manufacturing systems? To investigate the impact of possible dependency in the inter-event times on the optimal control and performance measures of the system, a manufacturing system that is controlled by using a single-threshold production control policy is analyzed. It is shown that ignoring autocorrelation in inter-arrival or service times leads to overestimation (underestimation) of the optimal threshold level for negatively (positively) correlated processes. Then, it is shown that the optimal control policy of a production/inventory system with correlated inter-arrival and service times modeled as Markovian Arrival Processes is a state-dependent threshold policy. In the second part of the thesis, an exploratory data analysis is conducted by using a large industrial dataset related to the flow of the products at a semiconductor wafer fabrication. Then, the cycle times of the products are predicted using Machine Learning methods, and the performance of different prediction algorithms is assessed. The analytical and empirical results presented in this dissertation show that effective use of collected data from a manufacturing system enables controlling the system effectively and predicting its main performance measures accurately.      
### 32.Learning Linear Representations of Nonlinear Dynamics Using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01064.pdf)
>  The vast majority of systems of practical interest are characterised by nonlinear dynamics. This renders the control and optimization of such systems a complex task due to their nonlinear behaviour. Additionally, standard methods such as linearizing around a fixed point may not be an effective strategy for many systems, thus requiring an alternative approach. For this reason, we propose a new deep learning framework to discover a transformation of a nonlinear dynamical system to an equivalent higher dimensional linear representation. We demonstrate that the resulting learned linear representation accurately captures the dynamics of the original system for a wider range of conditions than standard linearization. As a result of this, we show that the learned linear model can subsequently be used for the successful control of the original system. We demonstrate this by applying the proposed framework to two examples; one from the literature and a more complex example in the form of a Continuous Stirred Tank Reactor (CSTR).      
### 33.Semi-Data-Aided Channel Estimation for MIMO Systems via Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01052.pdf)
>  Data-aided channel estimation is a promising solution to improve channel estimation accuracy by exploiting data symbols as pilot signals for updating an initial channel estimate. In this paper, we propose a semi-data-aided channel estimator for multiple-input multiple-output communication systems. Our strategy is to leverage reinforcement learning (RL) for selecting reliable detected symbols among the symbols in the first part of transmitted data block. This strategy facilitates an update of the channel estimate before the end of data block transmission and therefore achieves a significant reduction in communication latency compared to conventional data-aided channel estimation approaches. Towards this end, we first define a Markov decision process (MDP) which sequentially decides whether to use each detected symbol as an additional pilot signal. We then develop an RL algorithm to efficiently find the best policy of the MDP based on a Monte Carlo tree search approach. In this algorithm, we exploit the a-posteriori probability for approximating both the optimal future actions and the corresponding state transitions of the MDP and derive a closed-form expression for the best policy. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed channel estimator effectively mitigates both channel estimation error and detection performance loss caused by insufficient pilot signals.      
### 34.Sparse Tensor-based Point Cloud Attribute Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01023.pdf)
>  Recently, numerous learning-based compression methods have been developed with outstanding performance for the coding of the geometry information of point clouds. On the contrary, limited explorations have been devoted to point cloud attribute compression (PCAC). Thus, this study focuses on the PCAC by applying sparse convolution because of its superior efficiency for representing the geometry of unorganized points. The proposed method simply stacks sparse convolutions to construct the variational autoencoder (VAE) framework to compress the color attributes of a given point cloud. To better encode latent elements at the bottleneck, we apply the adaptive entropy model with the joint utilization of hyper prior and autoregressive neighbors to accurately estimate the bit rate. The qualitative measurement of the proposed method already rivals the latest G-PCC (or TMC13) version 14 at a similar bit rate. And, our method shows clear quantitative improvements to G-PCC version 6, and largely outperforms existing learning-based methods, which promises encouraging potentials for learnt PCAC.      
### 35.Gastrointestinal Polyps and Tumors Detection Based on Multi-scale Feature-fusion with WCE Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01012.pdf)
>  Wireless Capsule Endoscopy(WCE) has been widely used for the screening of gastrointestinal(GI) diseases, especially the small intestine, due to its advantages of non-invasive and painless imaging of the entire digestive tract.However, the huge amount of image data captured by WCE makes manual reading a process that requires a huge amount of tasks and can easily lead to missed detection and false detection of lesions.Therefore, In this paper, we propose a \textbf{T}wo-stage \textbf{M}ulti-scale \textbf{F}eature-fusion learning network(\textbf{TMFNet}) to automatically detect small intestinal polyps and tumors in WCE image sequences. Specifically, TMFNet consists of lesion detection network and lesion identification network. Among them, the former improves the feature extraction module and detection module based on the traditional Faster R-CNN network, and readjusts the parameters of the anchor in the region proposal network(RPN) module;the latter combines residual structure and feature pyramid structure are used to build a small intestinal lesion recognition network based on feature fusion, for reducing the false positive rate of the former and improve the overall accuracy.We used 22,335 WCE images in the experiment, with a total of 123,092 lesion regions used to train the detection framework of this paper. In the experiment, the detection framework is trained and tested on the real WCE image dataset provided by the hospital gastroenterology department. The sensitivity, false positive and accuracy of the final model on the RPM are 98.81$\%$, 7.43$\%$ and 92.57$\%$, respectively.Meanwhile,the corresponding results on the lesion images were 98.75$\%$, 5.62$\%$ and 94.39$\%$. The algorithm model proposed in this paper is obviously superior to other detection algorithms in detection effect and performance      
### 36.Selective Kernel Attention for Robust Speaker Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01005.pdf)
>  Recent state-of-the-art speaker verification architectures adopt multi-scale processing and frequency-channel attention techniques. However, their full potential may not have been exploited because these techniques' receptive fields are fixed where most convolutional layers operate with specified kernel sizes such as 1, 3 or 5. We aim to further improve this line of research by introducing a selective kernel attention (SKA) mechanism. The SKA mechanism allows each convolutional layer to adaptively select the kernel size in a data-driven fashion based on an attention mechanism that exploits both frequency and channel domain using the previous layer's output. We propose three module variants using the SKA mechanism whereby two modules are applied in front of an ECAPA-TDNN model, and the other is combined with the Res2Net backbone block. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model consistently outperforms the conventional counterpart on the three different evaluation protocols in terms of both equal error rate and minimum detection cost function. In addition, we present a detailed analysis that helps understand how the SKA module works.      
### 37.Automatic Dialect Density Estimation for African American English  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00967.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore automatic prediction of dialect density of the African American English (AAE) dialect, where dialect density is defined as the percentage of words in an utterance that contain characteristics of the non-standard dialect. We investigate several acoustic and language modeling features, including the commonly used X-vector representation and ComParE feature set, in addition to information extracted from ASR transcripts of the audio files and prosodic information. To address issues of limited labeled data, we use a weakly supervised model to project prosodic and X-vector features into low-dimensional task-relevant representations. An XGBoost model is then used to predict the speaker's dialect density from these features and show which are most significant during inference. We evaluate the utility of these features both alone and in combination for the given task. This work, which does not rely on hand-labeled transcripts, is performed on audio segments from the CORAAL database. We show a significant correlation between our predicted and ground truth dialect density measures for AAE speech in this database and propose this work as a tool for explaining and mitigating bias in speech technology.      
### 38.Waveform Design for Wireless Power Transfer with Power Amplifier and Energy Harvester Non-Linearities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00957.pdf)
>  Waveform optimization has shown its great potential to boost the performance of far-field wireless power transfer (WPT). Current research has optimized transmit waveform, adaptive to channel state information (CSI), to maximize the harvested power in WPT while accounting for energy harvester (EH)'s non-linearity. However, the existing transmit waveform design disregards the non-linear high power amplifiers (HPA) at the transmitter. Driven by this, this paper optimizes the multi-carrier waveform at the input of HPA to maximize the harvested DC power considering both HPA's and EH's non-linearities. Two optimization models are formulated based on whether the frequencies of the multi-carrier waveform are concentrated within the transmit pass band or not. Analysis and simulations show that, while EH's non-linearity boosts the power harvesting performance, HPA's non-linearity degrades the harvested power. Hence, the optimal waveform shifts from multi-carrier that exploits EH's non-linearity to single-carrier that reduces HPA's detrimental non-linear distortion as the operational regime of WPT becomes more sensitive to HPA's non-linearity and less sensitive to EH's non-linearity (and inversely). Simultaneously, operating towards HPA's non-linear regime by increasing the input signal power benefits the harvested power since HPA's DC power supply is better exploited, whereas the end-to-end power transfer efficiency (PTE) might decrease because of the increasing non-linear degradation. Throughout the simulations, the proposed waveforms show significant gain over those not accounting for HPA's non-linearity, especially in frequency-flat channels. We also compare the two proposed waveforms and show that the severity of HPA's non-linearity dictates which of the two proposed waveforms is more beneficial.      
### 39.3D Path Following and L1 Adaptive Control for Underwater Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00935.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of guidance and control of underwater vehicles. A multi-level control strategy is used to determine (1) outer-loop path-following commands and (2) inner-loop actuation commands. Specifically, a line-of-sight path-following algorithm is used to guide the vehicle along a three-dimensional path, and an $\mathcal{L}_1$ adaptive control algorithm is used to determine the low-level rudder commands to accomplish path following. The performance bounds of these outer- and inner-loop control algorithms are presented. Numerical results obtained using a physics-based Simulink model are used to aid in visualization of the control algorithm's performance.      
### 40.Artificial Intelligence for 6G Networks: Technology Advancement and Standardization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00914.pdf)
>  With the deployment of 5G networks, standards organizations have started working on the design phase for sixth-generation (6G) networks. 6G networks will be immensely complex, requiring more deployment time, cost and management efforts. On the other hand, mobile network operators demand these networks to be intelligent, self-organizing, and cost-effective to reduce operating expenses (OPEX). Machine learning (ML), a branch of artificial intelligence (AI), is the answer to many of these challenges providing pragmatic solutions, which can entirely change the future of wireless network technologies. By using some case study examples, we briefly examine the most compelling problems, particularly at the physical (PHY) and link layers in cellular networks where ML can bring significant gains. We also review standardization activities in relation to the use of ML in wireless networks and future timeline on readiness of standardization bodies to adapt to these changes. Finally, we highlight major issues in ML use in the wireless technology, and provide potential directions to mitigate some of them in 6G wireless networks.      
### 41.From Simulated Mixtures to Simulated Conversations as Training Data for End-to-End Neural Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00890.pdf)
>  End-to-end neural diarization (EEND) is nowadays one of the most prominent research topics in speaker diarization. EEND presents an attractive alternative to standard cascaded diarization systems since a single system is trained at once to deal with the whole diarization problem. Several EEND variants and approaches are being proposed, however, all these models require large amounts of annotated data for training but available annotated data are scarce. Thus, EEND works have used mostly simulated mixtures for training. However, simulated mixtures do not resemble real conversations in many aspects. In this work we present an alternative method for creating synthetic conversations that resemble real ones by using statistics about distributions of pauses and overlaps estimated on genuine conversations. Furthermore, we analyze the effect of the source of the statistics, different augmentations and amounts of data. We demonstrate that our approach performs substantially better than the original one, while reducing the dependence on the fine-tuning stage. Experiments are carried out on 2-speaker telephone conversations of Callhome and DIHARD 3. Together with this publication, we release our implementations of EEND and the method for creating simulated conversations.      
### 42.Optical modelling of accommodative light field display system and prediction of human eye responses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00884.pdf)
>  The spatio-angular resolution of a light field (LF) display is a crucial factor for delivering adequate spatial image quality and eliciting an accommodation response. Previous studies have modelled retinal image formation with an LF display and evaluated whether accommodation would be evoked correctly. The models were mostly based on ray-tracing and a schematic eye model, which pose computational complexity and inaccurately represent the human eye population's behaviour. We propose an efficient wave-optics-based framework to model the human eye and a general LF display. With the model, we simulated the retinal point spread function (PSF) of a point rendered by an LF display at various depths to characterise the retinal image quality. Additionally, accommodation responses to rendered LF images were estimated by computing the visual Strehl ratio based on the optical transfer function (VSOTF) from the PSFs. We assumed an ideal LF display that had an infinite spatial resolution and was free from optical aberrations in the simulation. We tested images rendered at 0--4 dioptres of depths having angular resolutions of up to 4x4 viewpoints within a pupil. The simulation predicted small and constant accommodation errors, which contradict the findings of previous studies. An evaluation of the optical resolution of the rendered retinal image suggested a trade-off between the maximum resolution achievable and the depth range of a rendered image where in-focus resolution is kept high. The proposed framework can be used to evaluate the upper bound of the optical performance of an LF display for realistically aberrated eyes, which may help to find an optimal spatio-angular resolution required to render a high quality 3D scene.      
### 43.Countering Active Attacks on RAFT-based IoT Blockchain Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00838.pdf)
>  This paper considers an Internet of Thing (IoT) blockchain network consisting of a leader node and various follower nodes which together implement the RAFT consensus protocol to verify a blockchain transaction, as requested by a blockchain client. Further, two kinds of active attacks, i.e., jamming and impersonation, are considered on the IoT blockchain network due to the presence of multiple {\it active} malicious nodes in the close vicinity. When the IoT network is under the jamming attack, we utilize the stochastic geometry tool to derive the closed-form expressions for the coverage probabilities for both uplink and downlink IoT transmissions. On the other hand, when the IoT network is under the impersonation attack, we propose a novel method that enables a receive IoT node to exploit the pathloss of a transmit IoT node as its fingerprint to implement a binary hypothesis test for transmit node identification. To this end, we also provide the closed-form expressions for the probabilities of false alarm, missed detection and miss-classification. Finally, we present detailed simulation results that indicate the following: i) the coverage probability improves as the jammers' locations move away from the IoT network, ii) the three error probabilities decrease as a function of the link quality.      
### 44.Capacity Cost of Fulfilling the URLLC Performance in Industrial 5G New Radio Deployments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00837.pdf)
>  The development of the 5G new radio specifications has been derived by the the deterministic low latency use cases such as the ultra-reliable and low-latency communications (URLLC). A URLLC application requires a stringent radio latency and reliability performance, e.g., one-way radio latency of 1 ms with 99.999% success probability. Furthermore, there is a concurrent progressive demand for broadband capacity cellular applications, e.g., enhanced mobile broadband (eMBB) use-cases. The coexistence among the URLLC and eMBB service classes over a single radio spectrum is a challenging task since achieving the tight URLLC radio targets typically results in a capacity loss. Hence, it is vital for telecom operators to understand the capacity cost of fulling the various URLLC requirements in order to sufficiently plan the corresponding pricing models. Hence, in this work, a comprehensive analysis of the system capacity loss is presented to achieve the various requirements of the different URLLC use-cases. An extensive set of realistic system level simulations is performed and introduced where valuable insights and system design recommendations on the URLLC-eMBB quality of service coexistence are presented.      
### 45.Power Saving Techniques in 3GPP 5G New Radio: A Comprehensive Latency and Reliability Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00834.pdf)
>  Energy efficiency is critical for future sustainable cellular systems. Power saving optimization has been a key part of the fifth generation (5G) new radio specifications. For 5Gadvanced and future 6G, with the anticipation of a trillion internet of things (IoTs) devices with non-rechargeable or low-density batteries, device power efficiency is rather essential. There are numerous contributions from industry and academia which present the potential power saving gains of the various 5G power saving techniques; however, there is a lack of art on the performance cost paid to achieve such power saving gains. Therefore, this paper presents a comprehensive evaluation of the radio latency and reliability cost, which is lost due to a certain 5G new radio power saving feature. A thorough review of the state of-the-art 5G power saving techniques is introduced. Extensive system level simulations are performed to evaluate the latency and reliability cost of the considered power saving features. The paper offers valuable recommendations for supporting power efficient latency-critical traffic for beyond 5G-advanced systems.      
### 46.Automatic Registration of Images with Inconsistent Content Through Line-Support Region Segmentation and Geometrical Outlier Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00832.pdf)
>  The implementation of automatic image registration is still difficult in various applications. In this paper, an automatic image registration approach through line-support region segmentation and geometrical outlier removal (ALRS-GOR) is proposed. This new approach is designed to address the problems associated with the registration of images with affine deformations and inconsistent content, such as remote sensing images with different spectral content or noise interference, or map images with inconsistent annotations. To begin with, line-support regions, namely a straight region whose points share roughly the same image gradient angle, are extracted to address the issues of inconsistent content existing in images. To alleviate the incompleteness of line segments, an iterative strategy with multi-resolution is employed to preserve global structures that are masked at full resolution by image details or noise. Then, Geometrical Outlier Removal (GOR) is developed to provide reliable feature point matching, which is based on affineinvariant geometrical classifications for corresponding matches initialized by SIFT. The candidate outliers are selected by comparing the disparity of accumulated classifications among all matches, instead of conventional methods which only rely on local geometrical relations. Various image sets have been considered in this paper for the evaluation of the proposed approach, including aerial images with simulated affine deformations, remote sensing optical and synthetic aperture radar images taken at different situations (multispectral, multisensor, and multitemporal), and map images with inconsistent annotations. Experimental results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method over the existing approaches for the whole data set.      
### 47.RFVTM: A Recovery and Filtering Vertex Trichotomy Matching for Remote Sensing Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00818.pdf)
>  Reliable feature point matching is a vital yet challenging process in feature-based image registration. In this paper,a robust feature point matching algorithm called Recovery and Filtering Vertex Trichotomy Matching (RFVTM) is proposed to remove outliers and retain sufficient inliers for remote sensing images. A novel affine invariant descriptor called vertex trichotomy descriptor is proposed on the basis of that geometrical relations between any of vertices and lines are preserved after affine transformations, which is constructed by mapping each vertex into trichotomy sets. The outlier removals in Vertex Trichotomy Matching (VTM) are implemented by iteratively comparing the disparity of corresponding vertex trichotomy descriptors. Some inliers mistakenly validated by a large amount of outliers are removed in VTM iterations, and several residual outliers close to correct locations cannot be excluded with the same graph structures. Therefore, a recovery and filtering strategy is designed to recover some inliers based on identical vertex trichotomy descriptors and restricted transformation errors. Assisted with the additional recovered inliers, residual outliers can also be filtered out during the process of reaching identical graph for the expanded vertex sets. Experimental results demonstrate the superior performance on precision and stability of this algorithm under various conditions, such as remote sensing images with large transformations, duplicated patterns, or inconsistent spectral content.      
### 48.A probabilistic scheduling algorithm for networked control systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00788.pdf)
>  This paper deals with the design of scheduling logics for Networked Control Systems (NCSs) whose communication networks have limited capacity. We assume that only a subset of the plants can communicate with their controllers at any time instant. Our contributions are twofold. First, we present a probabilistic algorithm to design scheduling logics that, under certain conditions on the plant and controller dynamics and the capacity of the network, ensure stochastic stability of each plant in an NCS. Second, given the plant dynamics and the capacity of the network, we design static state-feedback controllers such that the conditions for stability under our scheduling logics are satisfied. The main apparatus for our analysis is a Markovian jump linear system representation of the individual plants in an NCS. Our stability conditions involve sets of matrix inequalities. We present numerical experiments to demonstrate our results.      
### 49.Downlink Channel Covariance Matrix Reconstruction for FDD Massive MIMO Systems with Limited Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00779.pdf)
>  The downlink channel covariance matrix (CCM) acquisition is the key step for the practical performance of massive multiple-input and multiple-output (MIMO) systems, including beamforming, channel tracking, and user scheduling. However, this task is challenging in the popular frequency division duplex massive MIMO systems with Type I codebook due to the limited channel information feedback. In this paper, we propose a novel formulation that leverages the structure of the codebook and feedback values for an accurate estimation of the downlink CCM. Then, we design a cutting plane algorithm to consecutively shrink the feasible set containing the downlink CCM, enabled by the careful design of pilot weighting matrices. Theoretical analysis shows that as the number of communication rounds increases, the proposed cutting plane algorithm can recover the ground-truth CCM. Numerical results are presented to demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithm over the existing benchmark in CCM reconstruction.      
### 50.Fast Real-time Personalized Speech Enhancement: End-to-End Enhancement Network (E3Net) and Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00771.pdf)
>  This paper investigates how to improve the runtime speed of personalized speech enhancement (PSE) networks while maintaining the model quality. Our approach includes two aspects: architecture and knowledge distillation (KD). We propose an end-to-end enhancement (E3Net) model architecture, which is $3\times$ faster than a baseline STFT-based model. Besides, we use KD techniques to develop compressed student models without significantly degrading quality. In addition, we investigate using noisy data without reference clean signals for training the student models, where we combine KD with multi-task learning (MTL) using automatic speech recognition (ASR) loss. Our results show that E3Net provides better speech and transcription quality with a lower target speaker over-suppression (TSOS) rate than the baseline model. Furthermore, we show that the KD methods can yield student models that are $2-4\times$ faster than the teacher and provides reasonable quality. Combining KD and MTL improves the ASR and TSOS metrics without degrading the speech quality.      
### 51.VQTTS: High-Fidelity Text-to-Speech Synthesis with Self-Supervised VQ Acoustic Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00768.pdf)
>  The mainstream neural text-to-speech(TTS) pipeline is a cascade system, including an acoustic model(AM) that predicts acoustic feature from the input transcript and a vocoder that generates waveform according to the given acoustic feature. However, the acoustic feature in current TTS systems is typically mel-spectrogram, which is highly correlated along both time and frequency axes in a complicated way, leading to a great difficulty for the AM to predict. Although high-fidelity audio can be generated by recent neural vocoders from ground-truth(GT) mel-spectrogram, the gap between the GT and the predicted mel-spectrogram from AM degrades the performance of the entire TTS system. In this work, we propose VQTTS, consisting of an AM txt2vec and a vocoder vec2wav, which uses self-supervised vector-quantized(VQ) acoustic feature rather than mel-spectrogram. We redesign both the AM and the vocoder accordingly. In particular, txt2vec basically becomes a classification model instead of a traditional regression model while vec2wav uses an additional feature encoder before HifiGAN generator for smoothing the discontinuous quantized feature. Our experiments show that vec2wav achieves better reconstruction performance than HifiGAN when using self-supervised VQ acoustic feature. Moreover, our entire TTS system VQTTS achieves state-of-the-art performance in terms of naturalness among all current publicly available TTS systems.      
### 52.A Sensory Feedback Control Law for Octopus Arm Movements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00717.pdf)
>  The main contribution of this paper is a novel sensory feedback control law for an octopus arm. The control law is inspired by, and helps integrate, several observations made by biologists. The proposed control law is distinct from prior work which has mainly focused on open-loop control strategies. Several analytical results are described including characterization of the equilibrium and its stability analysis. Numerical simulations demonstrate life-like motion of the soft octopus arm, qualitatively matching behavioral experiments. Quantitative comparison with bend propagation experiments helps provide the first explanation of such canonical motion using a sensory feedback control law. Several remarks are included that help draw parallels with natural pursuit strategies such as motion camouflage or classical pursuit.      
### 53.Reliable Geofence Activation with Sparse and Sporadic Location Measurements: Extended Version  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00714.pdf)
>  Geofences are a fundamental tool of location-based services. A geofence is usually activated by detecting a location measurement inside the geofence region. However, location measurements such as GPS often appear sporadically on smartphones, partly due to weak signal, or privacy preservation, because users may restrict location sensing, or energy conservation, because sensing locations can consume a significant amount of energy. These unpredictable, and sometimes long, gaps between measurements mean that entry into a geofence can go completely undetected. In this paper we argue that short term location prediction can help alleviate this problem by computing the probability of entering a geofence in the future. Complicating this prediction approach is the fact that another location measurement could appear at any time, making the prediction redundant and wasteful. Therefore, we develop a framework that accounts for uncertain location predictions and the possibility of new measurements to trigger geofence activations. Our framework optimizes over the benefits and costs of correct and incorrect geofence activations, leading to an algorithm that reacts intelligently to the uncertainties of future movements and measurements.      
### 54.A Networked Competitive Multi-Virus SIR Model: Analysis and Observability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00708.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel discrete-time multi-virus SIR (susceptible-infected-recovered) model that captures the spread of competing SIR epidemics over a population network. First, we provide a sufficient condition for the infection level of all the viruses over the networked model to converge to zero in exponential time. Second, we propose an observation model which captures the summation of all the viruses' infection levels in each node, which represents the individuals who are infected by different viruses but share similar symptoms. We present a sufficient condition for the model to be locally observable. We propose a Luenberger observer for the system state estimation and show via simulations that the estimation error of the Luenberger observer converges to zero before the viruses die out.      
### 55.A Reinforcement Learning Approach to Sensing Design in Resource-Constrained Wireless Networked Control Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00703.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a wireless network of smart sensors (agents) that monitor a dynamical process and send measurements to a base station that performs global monitoring and decision-making. Smart sensors are equipped with both sensing and computation, and can either send raw measurements or process them prior to transmission. Constrained agent resources raise a fundamental latency-accuracy trade-off. On the one hand, raw measurements are inaccurate but fast to produce. On the other hand, data processing on resource-constrained platforms generates accurate measurements at the cost of non-negligible computation latency. Further, if processed data are also compressed, latency caused by wireless communication might be higher for raw measurements. Hence, it is challenging to decide when and where sensors in the network should transmit raw measurements or leverage time-consuming local processing. To tackle this design problem, we propose a Reinforcement Learning approach to learn an efficient policy that dynamically decides when measurements are to be processed at each sensor. Effectiveness of our proposed approach is validated through a numerical simulation with case study on smart sensing motivated by the Internet of Drones.      
### 56.Behavioral Feedback for Optimal LQG Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00702.pdf)
>  In this work, we revisit the Linear Quadratic Gaussian (LQG) optimal control problem from a behavioral perspective. Motivated by the suitability of behavioral models for data-driven control, we begin with a reformulation of the LQG problem in the space of input-output behaviors and obtain a complete characterization of the optimal solutions. In particular, we show that the optimal LQG controller can be expressed as a static behavioral-feedback gain, thereby eliminating the need for dynamic state estimation characteristic of state space methods. The static form of the optimal LQG gain also makes it amenable to its computation by gradient descent, which we investigate via numerical experiments. Furthermore, we highlight the advantage of this approach in the data-driven control setting of learning the optimal LQG controller from expert demonstrations.      
### 57.Vibrational Control of Cluster Synchronization: Connections with Deep Brain Stimulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00678.pdf)
>  Cluster synchronization underlies various functions in the brain. Abnormal patterns of cluster synchronization are often associated with neurological disorders. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is a neurosurgical technique used to treat several brain diseases, which has been observed to regulate neuronal synchrony patterns. Despite its widespread use, the mechanisms of DBS remain largely unknown. In this paper, we hypothesize that DBS plays a role similar to vibrational control since they both highly rely on high-frequency excitation to function. Under the framework of Kuramoto-oscillator networks, we study how vibrations introduced to network connections can stabilize cluster synchronization. We derive some sufficient conditions and also provide an effective approach to design vibrational control. Also, a numerical example is presented to demonstrate our theoretical findings.      
### 58.Raman Signal Extraction from CARS Spectra Using a Learned-Matrix Representation of the Discrete Hilbert Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00666.pdf)
>  Removing distortions in coherent anti-Stokes Raman scattering (CARS) spectra due to interference with the nonresonant background (NRB) is vital for quantitative analysis. Popular computational approaches may generate significant errors for peaks that extend in any part beyond the recording window. In this work, we present a learned matrix approach to the discrete Hilbert transform that is easy to implement, fast, and dramatically improves accuracy of Raman retrieval for Kramers-Kronig approaches.      
### 59.Multimodal Clustering with Role Induced Constraints for Speaker Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00657.pdf)
>  Speaker clustering is an essential step in conventional speaker diarization systems and is typically addressed as an audio-only speech processing task. The language used by the participants in a conversation, however, carries additional information that can help improve the clustering performance. This is especially true in conversational interactions, such as business meetings, interviews, and lectures, where specific roles assumed by interlocutors (manager, client, teacher, etc.) are often associated with distinguishable linguistic patterns. In this paper we propose to employ a supervised text-based model to extract speaker roles and then use this information to guide an audio-based spectral clustering step by imposing must-link and cannot-link constraints between segments. The proposed method is applied on two different domains, namely on medical interactions and on podcast episodes, and is shown to yield improved results when compared to the audio-only approach.      
### 60.Safe Backstepping with Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00653.pdf)
>  Complex control systems are often described in a layered fashion, represented as higher-order systems where the inputs appear after a chain of integrators. While Control Barrier Functions (CBFs) have proven to be powerful tools for safety-critical controller design of nonlinear systems, their application to higher-order systems adds complexity to the controller synthesis process -- it necessitates dynamically extending the CBF to include higher order terms, which consequently modifies the safe set in complex ways. We propose an alternative approach for addressing safety of higher-order systems through Control Barrier Function Backstepping. Drawing inspiration from the method of Lyapunov backstepping, we provide a constructive framework for synthesizing safety-critical controllers and CBFs for higher-order systems from a top-level dynamics safety specification and controller design. Furthermore, we integrate the proposed method with Lyapunov backstepping, allowing the tasks of stability and safety to be expressed individually but achieved jointly. We demonstrate the efficacy of this approach in simulation.      
### 61.UNetFormer: A Unified Vision Transformer Model and Pre-Training Framework for 3D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00631.pdf)
>  Vision Transformers (ViT)s have recently become popular due to their outstanding modeling capabilities, in particular for capturing long-range information, and scalability to dataset and model sizes which has led to state-of-the-art performance in various computer vision and medical image analysis tasks. In this work, we introduce a unified framework consisting of two architectures, dubbed UNetFormer, with a 3D Swin Transformer-based encoder and Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) and transformer-based decoders. In the proposed model, the encoder is linked to the decoder via skip connections at five different resolutions with deep supervision. The design of proposed architecture allows for meeting a wide range of trade-off requirements between accuracy and computational cost. In addition, we present a methodology for self-supervised pre-training of the encoder backbone via learning to predict randomly masked volumetric tokens using contextual information of visible tokens. We pre-train our framework on a cohort of $5050$ CT images, gathered from publicly available CT datasets, and present a systematic investigation of various components such as masking ratio and patch size that affect the representation learning capability and performance of downstream tasks. We validate the effectiveness of our pre-training approach by fine-tuning and testing our model on liver and liver tumor segmentation task using the Medical Segmentation Decathlon (MSD) dataset and achieve state-of-the-art performance in terms of various segmentation metrics. To demonstrate its generalizability, we train and test the model on BraTS 21 dataset for brain tumor segmentation using MRI images and outperform other methods in terms of Dice score. Code: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Project-MONAI/research-contributions" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 62.Extremely Low-light Image Enhancement with Scene Text Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00630.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based methods have made impressive progress in enhancing extremely low-light images - the image quality of the reconstructed images has generally improved. However, we found out that most of these methods could not sufficiently recover the image details, for instance, the texts in the scene. In this paper, a novel image enhancement framework is proposed to precisely restore the scene texts, as well as the overall quality of the image simultaneously under extremely low-light images conditions. Mainly, we employed a self-regularised attention map, an edge map, and a novel text detection loss. In addition, leveraging synthetic low-light images is beneficial for image enhancement on the genuine ones in terms of text detection. The quantitative and qualitative experimental results have shown that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods in image restoration, text detection, and text spotting on See In the Dark and ICDAR15 datasets.      
### 63.Bayesian Image Super-Resolution with Deep Modeling of Image Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00623.pdf)
>  Modeling statistics of image priors is useful for image super-resolution, but little attention has been paid from the massive works of deep learning-based methods. In this work, we propose a Bayesian image restoration framework, where natural image statistics are modeled with the combination of smoothness and sparsity priors. Concretely, firstly we consider an ideal image as the sum of a smoothness component and a sparsity residual, and model real image degradation including blurring, downscaling, and noise corruption. Then, we develop a variational Bayesian approach to infer their posteriors. Finally, we implement the variational approach for single image super-resolution (SISR) using deep neural networks, and propose an unsupervised training strategy. The experiments on three image restoration tasks, \textit{i.e.,} ideal SISR, realistic SISR, and real-world SISR, demonstrate that our method has superior model generalizability against varying noise levels and degradation kernels and is effective in unsupervised SISR. The code and resulting models are released via \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://zmiclab.github.io/projects.html" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 64.Universal Lymph Node Detection in T2 MRI using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00622.pdf)
>  Purpose: Identification of abdominal Lymph Nodes (LN) that are suspicious for metastasis in T2 Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans is critical for staging of lymphoproliferative diseases. Prior work on LN detection has been limited to specific anatomical regions of the body (pelvis, rectum) in single MR slices. Therefore, the development of a universal approach to detect LN in full T2 MRI volumes is highly desirable. <br>Methods: In this study, a Computer Aided Detection (CAD) pipeline to universally identify abdominal LN in volumetric T2 MRI using neural networks is proposed. First, we trained various neural network models for detecting LN: Faster RCNN with and without Hard Negative Example Mining (HNEM), FCOS, FoveaBox, VFNet, and Detection Transformer (DETR). Next, we show that the state-of-the-art (SOTA) VFNet model with Adaptive Training Sample Selection (ATSS) outperforms Faster RCNN with HNEM. Finally, we ensembled models that surpassed a 45% mAP threshold. We found that the VFNet model and one-stage model ensemble can be interchangeably used in the CAD pipeline. <br>Results: Experiments on 122 test T2 MRI volumes revealed that VFNet achieved a 51.1% mAP and 78.7% recall at 4 false positives (FP) per volume, while the one-stage model ensemble achieved a mAP of 52.3% and sensitivity of 78.7% at 4FP. <br>Conclusion: Our contribution is a CAD pipeline that detects LN in T2 MRI volumes, resulting in a sensitivity improvement of $\sim$14 points over the current SOTA method for LN detection (sensitivity of 78.7% at 4 FP vs. 64.6% at 5 FP per volume).      
### 65.A single speaker is almost all you need for automatic speech recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00618.pdf)
>  We explore the use of speech synthesis and voice conversion applied to augment datasets for automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems, in scenarios with only one speaker available for the target language. Through extensive experiments, we show that our approach achieves results compared to the state-of-the-art (SOTA) and requires only one speaker in the target language during speech synthesis/voice conversion model training. Finally, we show that it is possible to obtain promising results in the training of an ASR model with our data augmentation method and only a single real speaker in different target languages.      
### 66.Visual explanations for polyp detection: How medical doctors assess intrinsic versus extrinsic explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00617.pdf)
>  Deep learning has in recent years achieved immense success in all areas of computer vision and has the potential of assisting medical doctors in analyzing visual content for disease and other abnormalities. However, the current state of deep learning is very much a black box, making medical professionals highly skeptical about integrating these methods into clinical practice. Several methods have been proposed in order to shine some light onto these black boxes, but there is no consensus on the opinion of the medical doctors that will consume these explanations. This paper presents a study asking medical doctors about their opinion of current state-of-the-art explainable artificial intelligence methods when applied to a gastrointestinal disease detection use case. We compare two different categories of explanation methods, intrinsic and extrinsic, and gauge their opinion of the current value of these explanations. The results indicate that intrinsic explanations are preferred and that explanation.      
### 67.Residual-guided Personalized Speech Synthesis based on Face Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01672.pdf)
>  Previous works derive personalized speech features by training the model on a large dataset composed of his/her audio sounds. It was reported that face information has a strong link with the speech sound. Thus in this work, we innovatively extract personalized speech features from human faces to synthesize personalized speech using neural vocoder. A Face-based Residual Personalized Speech Synthesis Model (FR-PSS) containing a speech encoder, a speech synthesizer and a face encoder is designed for PSS. In this model, by designing two speech priors, a residual-guided strategy is introduced to guide the face feature to approach the true speech feature in the training. Moreover, considering the error of feature's absolute values and their directional bias, we formulate a novel tri-item loss function for face encoder. Experimental results show that the speech synthesized by our model is comparable to the personalized speech synthesized by training a large amount of audio data in previous works.      
### 68.Cross-lingual Self-Supervised Speech Representations for Improved Dysarthric Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01670.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems perform well on healthy speech. However, the performance on impaired speech still remains an issue. The current study explores the usefulness of using Wav2Vec self-supervised speech representations as features for training an ASR system for dysarthric speech. Dysarthric speech recognition is particularly difficult as several aspects of speech such as articulation, prosody and phonation can be impaired. Specifically, we train an acoustic model with features extracted from Wav2Vec, Hubert, and the cross-lingual XLSR model. Results suggest that speech representations pretrained on large unlabelled data can improve word error rate (WER) performance. In particular, features from the multilingual model led to lower WERs than filterbanks (Fbank) or models trained on a single language. Improvements were observed in English speakers with cerebral palsy caused dysarthria (UASpeech corpus), Spanish speakers with Parkinsonian dysarthria (PC-GITA corpus) and Italian speakers with paralysis-based dysarthria (EasyCall corpus). Compared to using Fbank features, XLSR-based features reduced WERs by 6.8%, 22.0%, and 7.0% for the UASpeech, PC-GITA, and EasyCall corpus, respectively.      
### 69.Optimize Deep Learning Models for Prediction of Gene Mutations Using Unsupervised Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01593.pdf)
>  Deep learning has become the mainstream methodological choice for analyzing and interpreting whole-slide digital pathology images (WSIs). It is commonly assumed that tumor regions carry most predictive information. In this paper, we proposed an unsupervised clustering-based multiple-instance learning, and apply our method to develop deep-learning models for prediction of gene mutations using WSIs from three cancer types in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA) studies (CRC, LUAD, and HNSCC). We showed that unsupervised clustering of image patches could help identify predictive patches, exclude patches lack of predictive information, and therefore improve prediction on gene mutations in all three different cancer types, compared with the WSI based method without selection of image patches and models based on only tumor regions. Additionally, our proposed algorithm outperformed two recently published baseline algorithms leveraging unsupervised clustering to assist model prediction. The unsupervised-clustering-based approach for mutation prediction allows identification of the spatial regions related to mutation of a specific gene via the resolved probability scores, highlighting the heterogeneity of a predicted genotype in the tumor microenvironment. Finally, our study also demonstrated that selection of tumor regions of WSIs is not always the best way to identify patches for prediction of gene mutations, and other tissue types in the tumor micro-environment may provide better prediction ability for gene mutations than tumor tissues.      
### 70.Synthesizing Attack-Aware Control and Active Sensing Strategies under Reactive Sensor Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01584.pdf)
>  We consider the probabilistic planning problem for a defender (P1) who can jointly query the sensors and take control actions to reach a set of goal states while being aware of possible sensor attacks by an adversary (P2) who has perfect observations. To synthesize a provably correct, attack-aware control and active sensing strategy for P1, we construct a stochastic game on graph where the augmented state includes the actual game state (known by the attacker), the belief of the defender about the game state (constructed by the attacker given the attacker's information about the defender's information). We presented an algorithm to solve a belief-based, randomized strategy for P1 to ensure satisfying P1's reachability objective with probability one, under the worst case sensor attacks carried out by an informed P2. The correctness of the algorithm is proven and illustrated with an example.      
### 71.Introducing ECAPA-TDNN and Wav2Vec2.0 Embeddings to Stuttering Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01564.pdf)
>  The adoption of advanced deep learning (DL) architecture in stuttering detection (SD) tasks is challenging due to the limited size of the available datasets. To this end, this work introduces the application of speech embeddings extracted with pre-trained deep models trained on massive audio datasets for different tasks. In particular, we explore audio representations obtained using emphasized channel attention, propagation, and aggregation-time-delay neural network (ECAPA-TDNN) and Wav2Vec2.0 model trained on VoxCeleb and LibriSpeech datasets respectively. After extracting the embeddings, we benchmark with several traditional classifiers, such as a k-nearest neighbor, Gaussian naive Bayes, and neural network, for the stuttering detection tasks. In comparison to the standard SD system trained only on the limited SEP-28k dataset, we obtain a relative improvement of 16.74% in terms of overall accuracy over baseline. Finally, we have shown that combining two embeddings and concatenating multiple layers of Wav2Vec2.0 can further improve SD performance up to 1% and 2.64% respectively.      
### 72.Bi-directional Loop Closure for Visual SLAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01524.pdf)
>  A key functional block of visual navigation system for intelligent autonomous vehicles is Loop Closure detection and subsequent relocalisation. State-of-the-Art methods still approach the problem as uni-directional along the direction of the previous motion. As a result, most of the methods fail in the absence of a significantly similar overlap of perspectives. In this study, we propose an approach for bi-directional loop closure. This will, for the first time, provide us with the capability to relocalize to a location even when traveling in the opposite direction, thus significantly reducing long-term odometry drift in the absence of a direct loop. We present a technique to select training data from large datasets in order to make them usable for the bi-directional problem. The data is used to train and validate two different CNN architectures for loop closure detection and subsequent regression of 6-DOF camera pose between the views in an end-to-end manner. The outcome packs a considerable impact and aids significantly to real-world scenarios that do not offer direct loop closure opportunities. We provide a rigorous empirical comparison against other established approaches and evaluate our method on both outdoor and indoor data from the FinnForest dataset and PennCOSYVIO dataset.      
### 73.Satellite Monitoring of Terrestrial Plastic Waste  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01485.pdf)
>  Plastic waste is a significant environmental pollutant that is difficult to monitor. We created a system of neural networks to analyze spectral, spatial, and temporal components of Sentinel-2 satellite data to identify terrestrial aggregations of waste. The system works at continental scale. We evaluated performance in Indonesia and detected 374 waste aggregations, more than double the number of sites found in public databases. The same system deployed across twelve countries in Southeast Asia identifies 996 subsequently confirmed waste sites. For each detected site, we algorithmically monitor waste site footprints through time and cross-reference other datasets to generate physical and social metadata. 19% of detected waste sites are located within 200 m of a waterway. Numerous sites sit directly on riverbanks, with high risk of ocean leakage.      
### 74.WEcharge: democratizing EV charging infrastructure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01478.pdf)
>  The sustainable growth of EVs will have to be met with proportional growth in EV charging infrastructure. With limited urban spaces to place new charging stations, shrinking profitability, privately owned charging facilities need to be shared. WEcharge will allow privately owned charging infrastructure to be shared with public EV owners using a business model. We propose a resource matching algorithm that takes into account incoming EV preferences, hard constraints for such EV, and provides the best suited resource for charging. We demonstrate the applicability of the matching model by showing a realistic case study with a Nissan Leaf 40 kW EV and 25 company and publicly owned charging stations (DC fast charger, AC rapid charger, level 1 and level 2 charger) in Hasselt, Belgium. The case study shows that consumer preferences will govern resource matching.      
### 75.Dynamic Network-Code Design for Satellite Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01433.pdf)
>  Internet access from space enjoys renaissance as satellites in Mega-Constellations is no longer fictitious. Network capacity, subject to power and computational complexity constraints among other challenges, is a major goal in this type of networks. This work studies Network Coding in the presence of dynamically changing network conditions. The notion of generalized acyclic network is introduced and employed for promoting the generation of linear-multicast network code for what is considered to be a cyclic network. The performance of several network coding schemes, among these is the known static network code, is evaluated by a STK simulation for a swarm of communicating satellites, conceptually based on the Iridium system. Exploiting the prior knowledge of the networks topology over time, new network coding approaches are described, whose aim is to better cope with the time-varying, dynamic behavior of the network. It is demonstrated that in all cases, pertaining to our example network, static network codes under-perform compared to the presented approach. In addition, an efficient test for identifying the most appropriate coding approach is presented.      
### 76.A Study of Gender Impact in Self-supervised Models for Speech-to-Text Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01397.pdf)
>  Self-supervised models for speech processing emerged recently as popular foundation blocks in speech processing pipelines. These models are pre-trained on unlabeled audio data and then used in speech processing downstream tasks such as automatic speech recognition (ASR) or speech translation (ST). Since these models are now used in research and industrial systems alike, it becomes necessary to understand the impact caused by some features such as gender distribution within pre-training data. Using French as our investigation language, we train and compare gender-specific wav2vec 2.0 models against models containing different degrees of gender balance in their pre-training data. The comparison is performed by applying these models to two speech-to-text downstream tasks: ASR and ST. Our results show that the type of downstream integration matters. We observe lower overall performance using gender-specific pre-training before fine-tuning an end-to-end ASR system. However, when self-supervised models are used as feature extractors, the overall ASR and ST results follow more complex patterns, in which the balanced pre-trained model is not necessarily the best option. Lastly, our crude 'fairness' metric, the relative performance difference measured between female and male test sets, does not display a strong variation from balanced to gender-specific pre-trained wav2vec 2.0 models.      
### 77.Learning the Proximity Operator in Unfolded ADMM for Phase Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01360.pdf)
>  This paper considers the phase retrieval (PR) problem, which aims to reconstruct a signal from phaseless measurements such as magnitude or power spectrograms. PR is generally handled as a minimization problem involving a quadratic loss. Recent works have considered alternative discrepancy measures, such as the Bregman divergences, but it is still challenging to tailor the optimal loss for a given setting. In this paper we propose a novel strategy to automatically learn the optimal metric for PR. We unfold a recently introduced ADMM algorithm into a neural network, and we emphasize that the information about the loss used to formulate the PR problem is conveyed by the proximity operator involved in the ADMM updates. Therefore, we replace this proximity operator with trainable activation functions: learning these in a supervised setting is then equivalent to learning an optimal metric for PR. Experiments conducted with speech signals show that our approach outperforms the baseline ADMM, using a light and interpretable neural architecture.      
### 78.An Initialization Scheme for Meeting Separation with Spatial Mixture Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01338.pdf)
>  Spatial mixture model (SMM) supported acoustic beamforming has been extensively used for the separation of simultaneously active speakers. However, it has hardly been considered for the separation of meeting data, that are characterized by long recordings and only partially overlapping speech. In this contribution, we show that the fact that often only a single speaker is active can be utilized for a clever initialization of an SMM that employs time-varying class priors. In experiments on LibriCSS we show that the proposed initialization scheme achieves a significantly lower Word Error Rate (WER) on a downstream speech recognition task than a random initialization of the class probabilities by drawing from a Dirichlet distribution. With the only requirement that the number of speakers has to be known, we obtain a WER of 5.9 %, which is comparable to the best reported WER on this data set. Furthermore, the estimated speaker activity from the mixture model serves as a diarization based on spatial information.      
### 79.Algorithms for Bayesian network modeling and reliability inference of complex multistate systems: Part II-Dependent systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01327.pdf)
>  In using the Bayesian network (BN) to construct the complex multistate system's reliability model as described in Part I, the memory storage requirements of the node probability table (NPT) will exceed the random access memory (RAM) of the computer. However, the proposed inference algorithm of Part I is not suitable for the dependent system. This Part II proposes a novel method for BN reliability modeling and analysis to apply the compression idea to the complex multistate dependent system. In this Part II, the dependent nodes and their parent nodes are equivalent to a block, based on which the multistate joint probability inference algorithm is proposed to calculate the joint probability distribution of a block's all nodes. Then, based on the proposed multistate compression algorithm of Part I, the dependent multistate inference algorithm is proposed for the complex multistate dependent system. The use and accuracy of the proposed algorithms are demonstrated in case 1. Finally, the proposed algorithms are applied to the reliability modeling and analysis of the satellite attitude control system. The results show that both Part I and Part II's proposed algorithms make the reliability modeling and analysis of the complex multistate system feasible.      
### 80.Nonlinear Vectorial Prediction with Neural Nets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01295.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a nonlinear vectorial prediction scheme based on a Multi Layer Perceptron. This system is applied to speech coding in an ADPCM backward scheme. In addition a procedure to obtain a vectorial quantizer is given, in order to achieve a fully vectorial speech encoder. We also present several results with the proposed system      
### 81.On The Model Size Selection For Speaker Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01294.pdf)
>  In this paper we evaluate the relevance of the model size for speaker identification. We show that it is possible to improve the identification rates if a different model size is used for each speaker. We also present some criteria for selecting the model size, and a new algorithm that outperforms the classical system with a fixed model size.      
### 82.Multi-modality Associative Bridging through Memory: Speech Sound Recollected from Face Video  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01265.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a novel audio-visual multi-modal bridging framework that can utilize both audio and visual information, even with uni-modal inputs. We exploit a memory network that stores source (i.e., visual) and target (i.e., audio) modal representations, where source modal representation is what we are given, and target modal representations are what we want to obtain from the memory network. We then construct an associative bridge between source and target memories that considers the interrelationship between the two memories. By learning the interrelationship through the associative bridge, the proposed bridging framework is able to obtain the target modal representations inside the memory network, even with the source modal input only, and it provides rich information for its downstream tasks. We apply the proposed framework to two tasks: lip reading and speech reconstruction from silent video. Through the proposed associative bridge and modality-specific memories, each task knowledge is enriched with the recalled audio context, achieving state-of-the-art performance. We also verify that the associative bridge properly relates the source and target memories.      
### 83.Age of Information with Hybrid-ARQ: A Unified Explicit Result  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01257.pdf)
>  Delivering timely status updates in a timeliness-critical communication system is of paramount importance to assist accurate and efficient decision making. Therefore, the topic of analyzing Age of Information has aroused new research interest. This paper contributes to new results in this area by systematically analyzing the AoI of two types of Hybrid Automatic Repeat reQuest (HARQ) techniques that have been newly standardized in the Release-16 5G New Radio (NR) specifications, namely reactive HARQ and proactive HARQ. Under a code-based status update system with non-trivial coding delay, transmission delay, propagation delay, decoding delay, and feedback delay, we derive unified closed-form average AoI and average Peak AoI expressions for reactive HARQ and proactive HARQ, respectively. Based on the obtained explicit expressions, we formulate an AoI minimization problem to investigate the age-optimal codeblock assignment strategy in the finite block-length (FBL) regime. Through case studies and analytical results, we provide comparative insights between reactive HARQ and proactive HARQ from a perspective of freshness of information. The numerical results and optimization solutions show that proactive HARQ draws its strength from both age performance and system robustness, thus enabling the potential to provide new system advancement of a freshness-critical status update system.      
### 84.Analysis of Joint Speech-Text Embeddings for Semantic Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01235.pdf)
>  Embeddings play an important role in many recent end-to-end solutions for language processing problems involving more than one data modality. Although there has been some effort to understand the properties of single-modality embedding spaces, particularly that of text, their cross-modal counterparts are less understood. In this work, we study a joint speech-text embedding space trained for semantic matching by minimizing the distance between paired utterance and transcription inputs. This was done through dual encoders in a teacher-student model setup, with a pretrained language model acting as the teacher and a transformer-based speech encoder as the student. We extend our method to incorporate automatic speech recognition through both pretraining and multitask scenarios and found that both approaches improve semantic matching. Multiple techniques were utilized to analyze and evaluate cross-modal semantic alignment of the embeddings: a quantitative retrieval accuracy metric, zero-shot classification to investigate generalizability, and probing of the encoders to observe the extent of knowledge transfer from one modality to another.      
### 85.Unsupervised Change Detection Based on Image Reconstruction Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01200.pdf)
>  To train the change detector, bi-temporal images taken at different times in the same area are used. However, collecting labeled bi-temporal images is expensive and time consuming. To solve this problem, various unsupervised change detection methods have been proposed, but they still require unlabeled bi-temporal images. In this paper, we propose unsupervised change detection based on image reconstruction loss using only unlabeled single temporal single image. The image reconstruction model is trained to reconstruct the original source image by receiving the source image and the photometrically transformed source image as a pair. During inference, the model receives bi-temporal images as the input, and tries to reconstruct one of the inputs. The changed region between bi-temporal images shows high reconstruction loss. Our change detector showed significant performance in various change detection benchmark datasets even though only a single temporal single source image was used. The code and trained models will be publicly available for reproducibility.      
### 86.Antenna Impedance Estimation at MIMO Receivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01198.pdf)
>  This paper considers antenna impedance estimation based on training sequences at MIMO receivers. The goal is to firstly leverage extensive resources available in most wireless systems for channel estimation to estimate antenna impedance in real-time. We assume the receiver switches its impedance in a predetermined fashion during each training sequence. Based on voltage observation across the load, a classical estimation framework is developed incorporating the Rayleigh fading assumption. We then derive in closed-form a maximum-likelihood (ML) estimator under i.i.d. fading and show this same ML estimator is a method of moments (MM) estimator in correlated channels. Numerical results suggest a fast algorithm, i.e., MLE in i.i.d. fading and the MM estimator in correlated fading, that estimates the unknown antenna impedance in real-time for all Rayleigh fading channels.      
### 87.Indoor Navigation Assistance for Visually Impaired People via Dynamic SLAM and Panoptic Segmentation with an RGB-D Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01154.pdf)
>  Exploring an unfamiliar indoor environment and avoiding obstacles is challenging for visually impaired people. Currently, several approaches achieve the avoidance of static obstacles based on the mapping of indoor scenes. To solve the issue of distinguishing dynamic obstacles, we propose an assistive system with an RGB-D sensor to detect dynamic information of a scene. Once the system captures an image, panoptic segmentation is performed to obtain the prior dynamic object information. With sparse feature points extracted from images and the depth information, poses of the user can be estimated. After the ego-motion estimation, the dynamic object can be identified and tracked. Then, poses and speed of tracked dynamic objects can be estimated, which are passed to the users through acoustic feedback.      
### 88.Intelligent Reflective Surface Deployment in 6G: A Comprehensive Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01152.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRSs) are considered a promising technology that can smartly reconfigure the wireless environment to enhance the performance of future wireless networks. However, the deployment of IRSs still faces challenges due to highly dynamic and mobile unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) enabled wireless environments to achieve higher capacity. This paper sheds light on the different deployment strategies for IRSs in future terrestrial and non-terrestrial networks. Specifically, in this paper, we introduce key theoretical concepts underlying the IRS paradigm and discuss the design aspects related to the deployment of IRSs in 6G networks. We also explore optimization-based IRS deployment techniques to improve system performance in terrestrial and aerial IRSs. Furthermore, we survey model-free reinforcement learning (RL) techniques from the deployment aspect to address the challenges of achieving higher capacity in complex and mobile IRS-assisted UAV wireless systems. Finally, we highlight challenges and future research directions from the deployment aspect of IRSs for improving system performance for the future 6G network.      
### 89.Practical exponential stability of a robust data-driven nonlinear predictive control scheme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01150.pdf)
>  We provide theoretical guarantees for recursive feasibility and practical exponential stability of the closed-loop system of a feedback linearizable nonlinear system when controlled by a robust data-driven nonlinear predictive control scheme. This technical report serves as a supplementary material to our recent paper "Data-based control of feedback linearizable systems". The arguments shown in this report follow similar steps to those for the LTI case, since feedback linearizable systems are linear in transformed coordinates. However, the proof was suitably adapted to match the nonlinear setting under consideration, and the differences are emphasized throughout the proof.      
### 90.Data-based Control of Feedback Linearizable Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01148.pdf)
>  We present an extension of Willems' Fundamental Lemma to the class of multi-input multi-output discrete-time feedback linearizable nonlinear systems. We study the effect of approximating the unknown nonlinearities with a choice of basis functions that depend only on input and output data, then provide error bounds on the results of the data-based simulation and output matching control problems. Furthermore, we use this data-based approximation of the trajectories of the nonlinear system to design a multi-step robust data-based nonlinear predictive control scheme. We show that this control scheme is recursively feasible and renders the closed-loop system practically exponentially stable. Finally, we illustrate our results on a model of a fully-actuated double inverted pendulum.      
### 91.Fitting an immersed submanifold to data via Sussmann's orbit theorem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01119.pdf)
>  This paper describes an approach for fitting an immersed submanifold of a finite-dimensional Euclidean space to random samples. The reconstruction mapping from the ambient space to the desired submanifold is implemented as a composition of an encoder that maps each point to a tuple of (positive or negative) times and a decoder given by a composition of flows along finitely many vector fields starting from a fixed initial point. The encoder supplies the times for the flows. The encoder-decoder map is obtained by empirical risk minimization, and a high-probability bound is given on the excess risk relative to the minimum expected reconstruction error over a given class of encoder-decoder maps. The proposed approach makes fundamental use of Sussmann's orbit theorem, which guarantees that the image of the reconstruction map is indeed contained in an immersed submanifold.      
### 92.On incorporating social speaker characteristics in synthetic speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01115.pdf)
>  In our previous work, we derived the acoustic features, that contribute to the perception of warmth and competence in synthetic speech. As an extension, in our current work, we investigate the impact of the derived vocal features in the generation of the desired characteristics. The acoustic features, spectral flux, F1 mean and F2 mean and their convex combinations were explored for the generation of higher warmth in female speech. The voiced slope, spectral flux, and their convex combinations were investigated for the generation of higher competence in female speech. We have employed a feature quantization approach in the traditional end-to-end tacotron based speech synthesis model. The listening tests have shown that the convex combination of acoustic features displays higher Mean Opinion Scores of warmth and competence when compared to that of individual features.      
### 93.A Computational Analysis of Pitch Drift in Unaccompanied Solo Singing using DBSCAN Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01009.pdf)
>  Unaccompanied vocalists usually change the tuning unintentionally and end up with a higher or lower pitch than the starting point during a long performance. This phenomenon is called pitch drift, which is dependent on various elements, such as the skill of the performer, and the length and difficulty of the performance. In this paper, we propose a computational method for measuring pitch drift in the course of an unaccompanied vocal performance, using pitch histogram and DBSCAN clustering.      
### 94.Impact Intensity Estimation of a Quadruped Robot without Using a Force Sensor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.01003.pdf)
>  Estimating the impact intensity is one of the significant tasks of the legged robot. Accurate feedback of the impact may support the robot to plan a suitable and efficient trajectory to adapt to unknown complex terrains. Ordinarily, this task is performed by a force sensor in the robot's foot. In this letter, an impact intensity estimation without using a force sensor is proposed. An artificial neural network model is designed to predict the motor torques of the legs in an instantaneous position in the trajectory without utilizing the complex kinematic and dynamic models of motion. An unscented Kalman filter is used during the trajectory to smooth and stabilize the measurement. Based on the difference between the predicted information and the filtered value, the state and intensity of the robot foot's impact with the obstacles are estimated. The simulation and experiment on a quadruped robot are carried out to verify the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 95.Controllability and observability of linear multi-agent systems over matrix-weighted signed networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00995.pdf)
>  In this paper, the controllability and observability of linear multi-agent systems over matrix-weighted signed networks are analyzed. Firstly, the definition of equitable partition of matrix-weighted signed multi-agent system is given, and the upper bound of controllable subspace and a necessary condition of controllability are obtained by combining the restriction conditions of the coefficient matrix and matrix weight for the case of fixed and switching topologies, respectively.The influence of different selection methods of coefficient matrices on the results is discussed. Secondly, for the case of heterogeneous systems, the upper bound of controllable subspace and the necessary condition of controllability are obtained when the dynamics of individuals in the same cell are the same. Thirdly, sufficient conditions for controllable and uncontrollable union graphs are obtained by taking advantage of the concept of switched systems and equitable partitions, respectively. Finally, necessary condition of observability is obtained in terms of the dual system and the constraints of the coefficient matrix, and the relationship between the observability and the controllability of the matrix-weighted signed multi-agent systems is discussed.      
### 96.Content-Dependent Fine-Grained Speaker Embedding for Zero-Shot Speaker Adaptation in Text-to-Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00990.pdf)
>  Zero-shot speaker adaptation aims to clone an unseen speaker's voice without any adaptation time and parameters. Previous researches usually use a speaker encoder to extract a global fixed speaker embedding from reference speech, and several attempts have tried variable-length speaker embedding. However, they neglect to transfer the personal pronunciation characteristics related to phoneme content, leading to poor speaker similarity in terms of detailed speaking styles and pronunciation habits. To improve the ability of the speaker encoder to model personal pronunciation characteristics, we propose content-dependent fine-grained speaker embedding for zero-shot speaker adaptation. The corresponding local content embeddings and speaker embeddings are extracted from a reference speech, respectively. Instead of modeling the temporal relations, a reference attention module is introduced to model the content relevance between the reference speech and the input text, and to generate the fine-grained speaker embedding for each phoneme encoder output. The experimental results show that our proposed method can improve speaker similarity of synthesized speeches, especially for unseen speakers.      
### 97.Deep Speech Based End-to-End Automated Speech Recognition (ASR) for Indian-English Accents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00977.pdf)
>  Automated Speech Recognition (ASR) is an interdisciplinary application of computer science and linguistics that enable us to derive the transcription from the uttered speech waveform. It finds several applications in Military like High-performance fighter aircraft, helicopters, air-traffic controller. Other than military speech recognition is used in healthcare, persons with disabilities and many more. ASR has been an active research area. Several models and algorithms for speech to text (STT) have been proposed. One of the most recent is Mozilla Deep Speech, it is based on the Deep Speech research paper by Baidu. Deep Speech is a state-of-art speech recognition system is developed using end-to-end deep learning, it is trained using well-optimized Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) training system utilizing multiple Graphical Processing Units (GPUs). This training is mostly done using American-English accent datasets, which results in poor generalizability to other English accents. India is a land of vast diversity. This can even be seen in the speech, there are several English accents which vary from state to state. In this work, we have used transfer learning approach using most recent Deep Speech model i.e., deepspeech-0.9.3 to develop an end-to-end speech recognition system for Indian-English accents. This work utilizes fine-tuning and data argumentation to further optimize and improve the Deep Speech ASR system. Indic TTS data of Indian-English accents is used for transfer learning and fine-tuning the pre-trained Deep Speech model. A general comparison is made among the untrained model, our trained model and other available speech recognition services for Indian-English Accents.      
### 98.Epidemic Population Games With Nonnegligible Disease Death Rate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00953.pdf)
>  A recent article that combines normalized epidemic compartmental models and population games put forth a system theoretic approach to capture the coupling between a population's strategic behavior and the course of an epidemic. It introduced a payoff mechanism that governs the population's strategic choices via incentives, leading to the lowest endemic proportion of infectious individuals subject to cost constraints. Under the assumption that the disease death rate is approximately zero, it uses a Lyapunov function to prove convergence and formulate a quasi-convex program to compute an upper bound for the peak size of the population's infectious fraction. In this article, we generalize these results to the case in which the disease death rate is nonnegligible. This generalization brings on additional coupling terms in the normalized compartmental model, leading to a more intricate Lyapunov function and payoff mechanism. Moreover, the associated upper bound can no longer be determined exactly, but it can be computed with arbitrary accuracy by solving a set of convex programs.      
### 99.A UCB-based Tree Search Approach to Joint Verification-Correction Strategy for Large Scale Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00925.pdf)
>  Verification planning is a sequential decision-making problem that specifies a set of verification activities (VA) and correction activities (CA) at different phases of system development. While VAs are used to identify errors and defects, CAs also play important roles in system verification as they correct the identified errors and defects. However, current planning methods only consider VAs as decision choices. Because VAs and CAs have different activity spaces, planning a joint verification-correction strategy (JVCS) is still challenging, especially for large-size systems. Here we introduce a UCB-based tree search approach to search for near-optimal JVCSs. First, verification planning is simplified as repeatable bandit problems and an upper confidence bound rule for repeatable bandits (UCBRB) is presented with the optimal regret bound. Next, a tree search algorithm is proposed to search for feasible JVCSs. A tree-based ensemble learning model is also used to extend the tree search algorithm to handle local optimality issues. The proposed approach is evaluated on the notional case of a communication system.      
### 100.Escaping High-order Saddles in Policy Optimization for Linear Quadratic Gaussian (LQG) Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00912.pdf)
>  First order policy optimization has been widely used in reinforcement learning. It guarantees to find the optimal policy for the state-feedback linear quadratic regulator (LQR). However, the performance of policy optimization remains unclear for the linear quadratic Gaussian (LQG) control where the LQG cost has spurious suboptimal stationary points. In this paper, we introduce a novel perturbed policy gradient (PGD) method to escape a large class of bad stationary points (including high-order saddles). In particular, based on the specific structure of LQG, we introduce a novel reparameterization procedure which converts the iterate from a high-order saddle to a strict saddle, from which standard random perturbations in PGD can escape efficiently. We further characterize the high-order saddles that can be escaped by our algorithm.      
### 101.Measuring pitch extractors' response to frequency-modulated multi-component signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00911.pdf)
>  This article focuses on the research tool for investigating the fundamental frequencies of voiced sounds. We introduce an objective and informative measurement method of pitch extractors' response to frequency-modulated tones. The method uses a new test signal for acoustic system analysis. The test signal enables simultaneous measurement of the extractors' responses. They are the modulation frequency response and the total distortion, including intermodulation distortions. We applied this method to various pitch extractors and placed them on several performance maps. We used the proposed method to fine-tune one of the extractors to make it the best fit tool for scientific research of voice fundamental frequencies.      
### 102.StyleWaveGAN: Style-based synthesis of drum sounds with extensive controls using generative adversarial networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00907.pdf)
>  In this paper we introduce StyleWaveGAN, a style-based drum sound generator that is a variation of StyleGAN, a state-of-the-art image generator. By conditioning StyleWaveGAN on both the type of drum and several audio descriptors, we are able to synthesize waveforms faster than real-time on a GPU directly in CD quality up to a duration of 1.5s while retaining a considerable amount of control over the generation. We also introduce an alternative to the progressive growing of GANs and experimented on the effect of dataset balancing for generative tasks. The experiments are carried out on an augmented subset of a publicly available dataset comprised of different drums and cymbals. We evaluate against two recent drum generators, WaveGAN and NeuroDrum, demonstrating significantly improved generation quality (measured with the Frechet Audio Distance) and interesting results with perceptual features.      
### 103.Safety Verification of Neural Feedback Systems Based on Constrained Zonotopes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00903.pdf)
>  Artificial neural networks (ANNs) have been utilized in many feedback control systems and introduced new challenges regarding the safety of the system. This paper considers the problem of verifying whether the trajectories of a system with a feedforward neural network (FNN) controller can avoid unsafe regions, using a constrained zonotope-based reachability analysis approach. FNNs with the rectified linear unit activation function are considered in this work. A novel set-based method is proposed to compute both exact and over-approximated reachable sets for linear discrete-time systems with FNN controllers, and linear program-based sufficient conditions are presented to certify the safety of the neural feedback systems. Reachability analysis and safety verification for neural feedback systems with nonlinear models are also considered. The computational efficiency and accuracy of the proposed method are demonstrated by two numerical examples where a comparison with state-of-the-art methods is also provided.      
### 104.An objective test tool for pitch extractors' response attributes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00902.pdf)
>  We propose an objective measurement method for pitch extractors' responses to frequency-modulated signals. It enables us to evaluate different pitch extractors with unified criteria. The method uses extended time-stretched pulses combined by binary orthogonal sequences. It provides simultaneous measurement results consisting of the linear and the non-linear time-invariant responses and random and time-varying responses. We tested representative pitch extractors using fundamental frequencies spanning 80~Hz to 400~Hz with 1/48 octave steps and produced more than 1000 modulation frequency response plots. We found that making scientific visualization by animating these plots enables us to understand different pitch extractors' behavior at once. Such efficient and effortless inspection is impossible by inspecting all individual plots. The proposed measurement method with visualization leads to further improvement of the performance of one of the extractors mentioned above. In other words, our procedure turns the specific pitch extractor into the best reliable measuring equipment that is crucial for scientific research. We open-sourced MATLAB codes of the proposed objective measurement method and visualization procedure.      
### 105.Electricity Price Forecasting: The Dawn of Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00883.pdf)
>  Electricity price forecasting (EPF) is a branch of forecasting on the interface of electrical engineering, statistics, computer science, and finance, which focuses on predicting prices in wholesale electricity markets for a whole spectrum of horizons. These range from a few minutes (real-time/intraday auctions and continuous trading), through days (day-ahead auctions), to weeks, months or even years (exchange and over-the-counter traded futures and forward contracts). Over the last 25 years, various methods and computational tools have been applied to intraday and day-ahead EPF. Until the early 2010s, the field was dominated by relatively small linear regression models and (artificial) neural networks, typically with no more than two dozen inputs. As time passed, more data and more computational power became available. The models grew larger to the extent where expert knowledge was no longer enough to manage the complex structures. This, in turn, led to the introduction of machine learning (ML) techniques in this rapidly developing and fascinating area. Here, we provide an overview of the main trends and EPF models as of 2022.      
### 106.Acoustic-to-articulatory Inversion based on Speech Decomposition and Auxiliary Feature  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00873.pdf)
>  Acoustic-to-articulatory inversion (AAI) is to obtain the movement of articulators from speech signals. Until now, achieving a speaker-independent AAI remains a challenge given the limited data. Besides, most current works only use audio speech as input, causing an inevitable performance bottleneck. To solve these problems, firstly, we pre-train a speech decomposition network to decompose audio speech into speaker embedding and content embedding as the new personalized speech features to adapt to the speaker-independent case. Secondly, to further improve the AAI, we propose a novel auxiliary feature network to estimate the lip auxiliary features from the above personalized speech features. Experimental results on three public datasets show that, compared with the state-of-the-art only using the audio speech feature, the proposed method reduces the average RMSE by 0.25 and increases the average correlation coefficient by 2.0% in the speaker-dependent case. More importantly, the average RMSE decreases by 0.29 and the average correlation coefficient increases by 5.0% in the speaker-independent case.      
### 107.Intelligence at the Extreme Edge: A Survey on Reformable TinyML  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00827.pdf)
>  The rapid miniaturization of Machine Learning (ML) for low powered processing has opened gateways to provide cognition at the extreme edge (E.g., sensors and actuators). Dubbed Tiny Machine Learning (TinyML), this upsurging research field proposes to democratize the use of Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning (DL) on frugal Microcontroller Units (MCUs). MCUs are highly energy-efficient pervasive devices capable of operating with less than a few Milliwatts of power. Nevertheless, many solutions assume that TinyML can only run inference. Despite this, growing interest in TinyML has led to work that makes them reformable, i.e., work that permits TinyML to improve once deployed. In line with this, roadblocks in MCU based solutions in general, such as reduced physical access and long deployment periods of MCUs, deem reformable TinyML to play a significant part in more effective solutions. In this work, we present a survey on reformable TinyML solutions with the proposal of a novel taxonomy for ease of separation. Here, we also discuss the suitability of each hierarchical layer in the taxonomy for allowing reformability. In addition to these, we explore the workflow of TinyML and analyze the identified deployment schemes and the scarcely available benchmarking tools. Furthermore, we discuss how reformable TinyML can impact a few selected industrial areas and discuss the challenges and future directions.      
### 108.Improving Target Sound Extraction with Timestamp Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00821.pdf)
>  Target sound extraction (TSE) aims to extract the sound part of a target sound event class from a mixture audio with multiple sound events. <br>The previous works mainly focus on the problems of weakly-labelled data, jointly learning and new classes, however, no one cares about the onset and offset times of the target sound event, which has been emphasized in the auditory scene analysis. In this paper, we study to utilize such timestamp information to help extract the target sound via a target sound detection network and a target-weighted time-frequency loss function. <br>More specifically, we use the detection result of a target sound detection (TSD) network as the additional information to guide the learning of target sound extraction network. We also find that the result of TSE can further improve the performance of the TSD network, so that a mutual learning framework of the target sound detection and extraction is proposed. In addition, a target-weighted time-frequency loss function is designed to pay more attention to the temporal regions of the target sound during training. Experimental results on the synthesized data generated from the Freesound Datasets show that our proposed method can significantly improve the performance of TSE.      
### 109.Leveraging Phone Mask Training for Phonetic-Reduction-Robust E2E Uyghur Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00819.pdf)
>  In Uyghur speech, consonant and vowel reduction are often encountered, especially in spontaneous speech with high speech rate, which will cause a degradation of speech recognition performance. To solve this problem, we propose an effective phone mask training method for Conformer-based Uyghur end-to-end (E2E) speech recognition. The idea is to randomly mask off a certain percentage features of phones during model training, which simulates the above verbal phenomena and facilitates E2E model to learn more contextual information. According to experiments, the above issues can be greatly alleviated. In addition, deep investigations are carried out into different units in masking, which shows the effectiveness of our proposed masking unit. We also further study the masking method and optimize filling strategy of phone mask. Finally, compared with Conformer-based E2E baseline without mask training, our model demonstrates about 5.51% relative Word Error Rate (WER) reduction on reading speech and 12.92% on spontaneous speech, respectively. The above approach has also been verified on test-set of open-source data THUYG-20, which shows 20% relative improvements.      
### 110.Speaker adaptation for Wav2vec2 based dysarthric ASR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00770.pdf)
>  Dysarthric speech recognition has posed major challenges due to lack of training data and heavy mismatch in speaker characteristics. Recent ASR systems have benefited from readily available pretrained models such as wav2vec2 to improve the recognition performance. Speaker adaptation using fMLLR and xvectors have provided major gains for dysarthric speech with very little adaptation data. However, integration of wav2vec2 with fMLLR features or xvectors during wav2vec2 finetuning is yet to be explored. In this work, we propose a simple adaptation network for fine-tuning wav2vec2 using fMLLR features. The adaptation network is also flexible to handle other speaker adaptive features such as xvectors. Experimental analysis show steady improvements using our proposed approach across all impairment severity levels and attains 57.72\% WER for high severity in UASpeech dataset. We also performed experiments on German dataset to substantiate the consistency of our proposed approach across diverse domains.      
### 111.Variational message passing for online polynomial NARMAX identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00769.pdf)
>  We propose a variational Bayesian inference procedure for online nonlinear system identification. For each output observation, a set of parameter posterior distributions is updated, which is then used to form a posterior predictive distribution for future outputs. We focus on the class of polynomial NARMAX models, which we cast into probabilistic form and represent in terms of a Forney-style factor graph. Inference in this graph is efficiently performed by a variational message passing algorithm. We show empirically that our variational Bayesian estimator outperforms an online recursive least-squares estimator, most notably in small sample size settings and low noise regimes, and performs on par with an iterative least-squares estimator trained offline.      
### 112.Data-Driven Quantum Approximate Optimization Algorithm for Cyber-Physical Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00738.pdf)
>  Quantum technology provides a ground-breaking methodology to tackle challenging computational issues in power systems, especially for Distributed Energy Resources (DERs) dominant cyber-physical systems that have been widely developed to promote energy sustainability. The systems' maximum power or data sections are essential for monitoring, operation, and control, while high computational effort is required. Quantum Approximate Optimization Algorithm (QAOA) provides a promising means to search for these sections by leveraging quantum resources. However, its performance highly relies on the critical parameters, especially for weighted graphs. We present a data-driven QAOA, which transfers quasi-optimal parameters between weighted graphs based on the normalized graph density, and verify the strategy with 39,774 instances. Without parameter optimization, our data-driven QAOA is comparable with the Goemans-Williamson algorithm. This work advances QAOA and pilots the practical application of quantum technique to power systems in noisy intermediate-scale quantum devices, heralding its next-generation computation in the quantum era.      
### 113.Capacity Higher-Order Statistics Analysis for $-$ Fading Channels with Correlated Shadowing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00682.pdf)
>  The proposed research performs an analysis of the capacity higher-order statistics for a single-input multiple-output multiantenna wireless communication system equipped with a maximum-ratio combining scheme. It was assumed that the propagation multipath channel is described with the $\kappa-\mu$ fading model with the correlated dominant components. Closed-form and asymptotic expressions were derived and applied to the problem of minimum capacity reliability (due to channel fluctuations, thus possible rate deterioration) and corresponding signal-to-noise ratio analysis. The performed computer simulation, verifying the correctness of the obtained expressions, along with the generalized $\kappa-\mu$ fading channel with correlated shadowing, assumed several specific limiting simplified cases: Rayleigh, Rician and Nakagami-$m$. It was shown that the signal-to-noise ratio (at which minimum capacity reliability is attained) is achieved at greater values than that of simplified models, and the absolute value of this minimum can be smaller/higher than for the degenerate cases depending on the dominant components one-step correlation coefficient.      
### 114.Hysteresis-Based RL: Robustifying Reinforcement Learning-based Control Policies via Hybrid Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00654.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a promising approach for deriving control policies for complex systems. As we show in two control problems, the derived policies from using the Proximal Policy Optimization (PPO) and Deep Q-Network (DQN) algorithms may lack robustness guarantees. Motivated by these issues, we propose a new hybrid algorithm, which we call Hysteresis-Based RL (HyRL), augmenting an existing RL algorithm with hysteresis switching and two stages of learning. We illustrate its properties in two examples for which PPO and DQN fail.      
### 115.End-to-end multi-talker audio-visual ASR using an active speaker attention module  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00652.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new approach for end-to-end audio-visual multi-talker speech recognition. The approach, referred to here as the visual context attention model (VCAM), is important because it uses the available video information to assign decoded text to one of multiple visible faces. This essentially resolves the label ambiguity issue associated with most multi-talker modeling approaches which can decode multiple label strings but cannot assign the label strings to the correct speakers. This is implemented as a transformer-transducer based end-to-end model and evaluated using a two speaker audio-visual overlapping speech dataset created from YouTube videos. It is shown in the paper that the VCAM model improves performance with respect to previously reported audio-only and audio-visual multi-talker ASR systems.      
### 116.Learning Neural Acoustic Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00628.pdf)
>  Our environment is filled with rich and dynamic acoustic information. When we walk into a cathedral, the reverberations as much as appearance inform us of the sanctuary's wide open space. Similarly, as an object moves around us, we expect the sound emitted to also exhibit this movement. While recent advances in learned implicit functions have led to increasingly higher quality representations of the visual world, there have not been commensurate advances in learning spatial auditory representations. To address this gap, we introduce Neural Acoustic Fields (NAFs), an implicit representation that captures how sounds propagate in a physical scene. By modeling acoustic propagation in a scene as a linear time-invariant system, NAFs learn to continuously map all emitter and listener location pairs to a neural impulse response function that can then be applied to arbitrary sounds. We demonstrate that the continuous nature of NAFs enables us to render spatial acoustics for a listener at an arbitrary location, and can predict sound propagation at novel locations. We further show that the representation learned by NAFs can help improve visual learning with sparse views. Finally, we show that a representation informative of scene structure emerges during the learning of NAFs.      
### 117.Explainable and Interpretable Diabetic Retinopathy Classification Based on Neural-Symbolic Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.00624.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an explainable and interpretable diabetic retinopathy (ExplainDR) classification model based on neural-symbolic learning. To gain explainability, a highlevel symbolic representation should be considered in decision making. Specifically, we introduce a human-readable symbolic representation, which follows a taxonomy style of diabetic retinopathy characteristics related to eye health conditions to achieve explainability. We then include humanreadable features obtained from the symbolic representation in the disease prediction. Experimental results on a diabetic retinopathy classification dataset show that our proposed ExplainDR method exhibits promising performance when compared to that from state-of-the-art methods applied to the IDRiD dataset, while also providing interpretability and explainability.      
