# ArXiv eess --Mon, 25 Apr 2022
### 1.A correspondence between control and observation problems in decentralized discrete-event systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10792.pdf)
>  This paper demonstrates a correspondence between control problems (with partial observation) and observation problems in decentralized discrete-event systems, namely, the two classes of problems are Turing equivalent, as one class Turing reduces to the other. The correspondence allows decomposition of a control problem into a collection of simpler control sub-problems. Since observation problems in their most general formulation have been shown to be undecidable in previous work, the correspondence produced in this paper demonstrates that control problems -- in their most general form -- is also undecidable.      
### 2.Towards Accelerated Localization Performance Across Indoor Positioning Datasets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10788.pdf)
>  The localization speed and accuracy in the indoor scenario can greatly impact the Quality of Experience of the user. While many individual machine learning models can achieve comparable positioning performance, their prediction mechanisms offer different complexity to the system. In this work, we propose a fingerprinting positioning method for multi-building and multi-floor deployments, composed of a cascade of three models for building classification, floor classification, and 2D localization regression. We conduct an exhaustive search for the optimally performing one in each step of the cascade while validating on 14 different openly available datasets. As a result, we bring forward the best-performing combination of models in terms of overall positioning accuracy and processing speed and evaluate on independent sets of samples. We reduce the mean prediction time by 71% while achieving comparable positioning performance across all considered datasets. Moreover, in case of voluminous training dataset, the prediction time is reduced down to 1% of the benchmark's.      
### 3.Denoising of Three-Dimensional Fast Spin Echo Magnetic Resonance Images of Knee Joints using Spatial-Variant Noise-Relevant Residual Learning of Convolution Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10773.pdf)
>  Two-dimensional (2D) fast spin echo (FSE) techniques play a central role in the clinical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of knee joints. Moreover, three-dimensional (3D) FSE provides high-isotropic-resolution magnetic resonance (MR) images of knee joints, but it has a reduced signal-to-noise ratio compared to 2D FSE. Deep-learning denoising methods are a promising approach for denoising MR images, but they are often trained using synthetic noise due to challenges in obtaining true noise distributions for MR images. In this study, inherent true noise information from 2-NEX acquisition was used to develop a deep-learning model based on residual learning of convolutional neural network (CNN), and this model was used to suppress the noise in 3D FSE MR images of knee joints. The proposed CNN used two-step residual learning over parallel transporting and residual blocks and was designed to comprehensively learn real noise features from 2-NEX training data. The results of an ablation study validated the network design. The new method achieved improved denoising performance of 3D FSE knee MR images compared with current state-of-the-art methods, based on the peak signal-to-noise ratio and structural similarity index measure. The improved image quality after denoising using the new method was verified by radiological evaluation. A deep CNN using the inherent spatial-varying noise information in 2-NEX acquisitions was developed. This method showed promise for clinical MRI assessments of the knee, and has potential applications for the assessment of other anatomical structures.      
### 4.Revealing interactions between HVDC cross-area flows and frequency stability with explainable AI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10727.pdf)
>  The energy transition introduces more volatile energy sources into the power grids. In this context, power transfer between different synchronous areas through High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC) links becomes increasingly important. Such links can balance volatile generation by enabling long-distance transport or by leveraging their fast control behavior. Here, we investigate the interaction of power imbalances - represented through the power grid frequency - and power flows on HVDC links between synchronous areas in Europe. We use explainable machine learning to identify key dependencies and disentangle the interaction of critical features. Our results show that market-based HVDC flows introduce deterministic frequency deviations, which however can be mitigated through strict ramping limits. Moreover, varying HVDC operation modes strongly affect the interaction with the grid. In particular, we show that load-frequency control via HVDC links can both have control-like or disturbance-like impacts on frequency stability.      
### 5.Development of an algorithm for medical image segmentation of bone tissue in interaction with metallic implants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10560.pdf)
>  This preliminary study focuses on the development of a medical image segmentation algorithm based on artificial intelligence for calculating bone growth in contact with metallic implants. %as a result of the problem of estimating the growth of new bone tissue due to artifacts. %the presence of various types of distortions and errors, known as artifacts. <br>Two databases consisting of computerized microtomography images have been used throughout this work: 100 images for training and 196 images for testing. Both bone and implant tissue were manually segmented in the training data set. The type of network constructed follows the U-Net architecture, a convolutional neural network explicitly used for medical image segmentation. <br>In terms of network accuracy, the model reached around 98\%. Once the prediction was obtained from the new data set (test set), the total number of pixels belonging to bone tissue was calculated. This volume is around 15\% of the volume estimated by conventional techniques, which are usually overestimated. This method has shown its good performance and results, although it has a wide margin for improvement, modifying various parameters of the networks or using larger databases to improve training.      
### 6.MIPR:Automatic Annotation of Medical Images with Pixel Rearrangement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10513.pdf)
>  Most of the state-of-the-art semantic segmentation reported in recent years is based on fully supervised deep learning in the medical domain. How?ever, the high-quality annotated datasets require intense labor and domain knowledge, consuming enormous time and cost. Previous works that adopt semi?supervised and unsupervised learning are proposed to address the lack of anno?tated data through assisted training with unlabeled data and achieve good perfor?mance. Still, these methods can not directly get the image annotation as doctors do. In this paper, inspired by self-training of semi-supervised learning, we pro?pose a novel approach to solve the lack of annotated data from another angle, called medical image pixel rearrangement (short in MIPR). The MIPR combines image-editing and pseudo-label technology to obtain labeled data. As the number of iterations increases, the edited image is similar to the original image, and the labeled result is similar to the doctor annotation. Therefore, the MIPR is to get labeled pairs of data directly from amounts of unlabled data with pixel rearrange?ment, which is implemented with a designed conditional Generative Adversarial Networks and a segmentation network. Experiments on the ISIC18 show that the effect of the data annotated by our method for segmentation task is is equal to or even better than that of doctors annotations      
### 7.Inverse characterization of composites using guided waves and convolutional neural networks with dual-branch feature fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10486.pdf)
>  In this work, ultrasonic guided waves and a dual-branch version of convolutional neural networks are used to solve two different but related inverse problems, i.e., finding layup sequence type and identifying material properties. In the forward problem, polar group velocity representations are obtained for two fundamental Lamb wave modes using the stiffness matrix method. For the inverse problems, a supervised classification-based network is implemented to classify the polar representations into different layup sequence types (inverse problem - 1) and a regression-based network is utilized to identify the material properties (inverse problem - 2)      
### 8.SCOPE: Safe Exploration for Dynamic Computer Systems Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10451.pdf)
>  Modern computer systems need to execute under strict safety constraints (e.g., a power limit), but doing so often conflicts with their ability to deliver high performance (i.e. minimal latency). Prior work uses machine learning to automatically tune hardware resources such that the system execution meets safety constraints optimally. Such solutions monitor past system executions to learn the system's behavior under different hardware resource allocations before dynamically tuning resources to optimize the application execution. However, system behavior can change significantly between different applications and even different inputs of the same applications. Hence, the models learned using data collected a priori are often suboptimal and violate safety constraints when used with new applications and inputs. To address this limitation, we introduce the concept of an execution space, which is the cross product of hardware resources, input features, and applications. To dynamically and safely allocate hardware resources from the execution space, we present SCOPE, a resource manager that leverages a novel safe exploration framework. We evaluate SCOPE's ability to deliver improved latency while minimizing power constraint violations by dynamically configuring hardware while running a variety of Apache Spark applications. Compared to prior approaches that minimize power constraint violations, SCOPE consumes comparable power while improving latency by up to 9.5X. Compared to prior approaches that minimize latency, SCOPE achieves similar latency but reduces power constraint violation rates by up to 45.88X, achieving almost zero safety constraint violations across all applications.      
### 9.Overtaking Maneuvers on a Nonplanar Racetrack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10446.pdf)
>  We leverage game theory and a new vehicle modeling approach to compute overtaking maneuvers for racecars on a nonplanar surface. We solve for equilibria between noncooperative racing agents and demonstrate that by leveraging the novel nonplanar vehicle dynamics, overtaking can be achieved in situations where simpler models can do not provide a winning strategy.      
### 10.Scale-Equivariant Unrolled Neural Networks for Data-Efficient Accelerated MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10436.pdf)
>  Unrolled neural networks have enabled state-of-the-art reconstruction performance and fast inference times for the accelerated magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) reconstruction task. However, these approaches depend on fully-sampled scans as ground truth data which is either costly or not possible to acquire in many clinical medical imaging applications; hence, reducing dependence on data is desirable. In this work, we propose modeling the proximal operators of unrolled neural networks with scale-equivariant convolutional neural networks in order to improve the data-efficiency and robustness to drifts in scale of the images that might stem from the variability of patient anatomies or change in field-of-view across different MRI scanners. Our approach demonstrates strong improvements over the state-of-the-art unrolled neural networks under the same memory constraints both with and without data augmentations on both in-distribution and out-of-distribution scaled images without significantly increasing the train or inference time.      
### 11.SINR: Deconvolving Circular SAS Images Using Implicit Neural Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10428.pdf)
>  Circular Synthetic aperture sonars (CSAS) capture multiple observations of a scene to reconstruct high-resolution images. We can characterize resolution by modeling CSAS imaging as the convolution between a scene's underlying point scattering distribution and a system-dependent point spread function (PSF). The PSF is a function of the transmitted waveform's bandwidth and determines a fixed degree of blurring on reconstructed imagery. In theory, deconvolution overcomes bandwidth limitations by reversing the PSF-induced blur and recovering the scene's scattering distribution. However, deconvolution is an ill-posed inverse problem and sensitive to noise. We propose a self-supervised pipeline (does not require training data) that leverages an implicit neural representation (INR) for deconvolving CSAS images. We highlight the performance of our SAS INR pipeline, which we call SINR, by implementing and comparing to existing deconvolution methods. Additionally, prior SAS deconvolution methods assume a spatially-invariant PSF, which we demonstrate yields subpar performance in practice. We provide theory and methods to account for a spatially-varying CSAS PSF, and demonstrate that doing so enables SINR to achieve superior deconvolution performance on simulated and real acoustic SAS data. We provide code to encourage reproducibility of research.      
### 12.Data Driven Modeling of Turbocharger Turbine using Koopman Operator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10421.pdf)
>  A turbocharger plays an essential part in reducing emissions and increasing the fuel efficiency of road vehicles. The pulsating flow of exhaust gases, along with high heat exchange from the turbocharger casing, makes developing control-oriented models difficult. Several researchers have used maps provided by manufacturers to solve this problem. These maps often fail to incorporate any heat transfer effects and are unsuitable for wide operating regions. Also, with the availability of more and better sensor data, there is a need for a method that can exploit this to obtain a better predictive model. Koopman approaches rely on the observation that one can lift the nonlinear dynamics of the turbine into an infinite-dimensional function space over which dynamics are linear. The objective of this paper is to develop a model to predict the transient and steady-state behavior of the turbine using the Koopman operator which can be helpful for control design and analysis. Our approach is as follows. We use experimental data from a Cummins heavy-duty diesel engine to develop a turbine model using Extended Dynamic Mode Decomposition, which approximates the action of the Koopman operator on a finite-dimensional subspace of the space of observables. The results demonstrate superior performance compared to a tuned nonlinear autoregressive network with an exogenous input model widely used in the literature. The performance of these two models is analyzed based on their ability to predict turbine transient and steady-state behavior.      
### 13.Lightweight Hybrid CNN-ELM Model for Multi-building and Multi-floor Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10418.pdf)
>  Machine learning models have become an essential tool in current indoor positioning solutions, given their high capabilities to extract meaningful information from the environment. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) are one of the most used neural networks (NNs) due to that they are capable of learning complex patterns from the input data. Another model used in indoor positioning solutions is the Extreme Learning Machine (ELM), which provides an acceptable generalization performance as well as a fast speed of learning. In this paper, we offer a lightweight combination of CNN and ELM, which provides a quick and accurate classification of building and floor, suitable for power and resource-constrained devices. As a result, the proposed model is 58\% faster than the benchmark, with a slight improvement in the classification accuracy (by less than 1\%      
### 14.Improving Distribution System Resilience by Undergrounding Lines and Deploying Mobile Generators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10407.pdf)
>  To improve the resilience of electric distribution systems, this paper proposes a stochastic multi-period mixed-integer linear programming model that determines where to underground distribution lines and how to coordinate mobile generators in order to serve critical loads during extreme events. The proposed model represents the service restoration process using the linearized DistFlow approximation of the AC power flow equations as well as binary variables for the undergrounding statuses of the lines, the configurations of switches, and the locations of mobile generators during each time period. The model also enforces a radial configuration of the distribution network and considers the transportation times needed to reposition the mobile generators. Using an extended version of the IEEE 123-bus test system, numerical simulations show that combining the ability to underground distribution lines with the deployment of mobile generators can significantly improve the resilience of the power supply to critical loads.      
### 15.Performance Analysis of Automotive SAR With Radar Based Motion Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10406.pdf)
>  Automotive synthetic aperture radar (SAR) can achieve a significant angular resolution enhancement for detecting static objects, which is essential for automated driving. Obtaining high resolution SAR images requires precise ego vehicle velocity estimation. A small velocity estimation error can result in a focused SAR image with objects at offset angles. In this paper, we consider an automotive SAR system that produces SAR images of static objects based on ego vehicle velocity estimation from the radar return signal without the overhead in complexity and cost of using an auxiliary global navigation satellite system (GNSS) and inertial measurement unit (IMU). We derive a novel analytical approximation for the automotive SAR angle estimation error variance when the velocity is estimated by the radar. The developed analytical analysis closely predicts the true SAR angle estimation variance, and also provides insights on the effects of the radar parameters and the environment condition on the automotive SAR angle estimation error. We evaluate via the analytical analysis and simulation tests the radar settings and environment condition in which the automotive SAR attains a significant performance gain over the angular resolution of the short aperture physical antenna array. We show that, perhaps surprisingly, when the velocity is estimated by the radar the performance advantage of automotive SAR is realized only in limited conditions. Hence since its implementation comes with an increase in computation and system complexity as well as an increase in the detection delay it should be used carefully and selectively.      
### 16.Energy-Efficient Classification at the Wireless Edge with Reliability Guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10399.pdf)
>  Learning at the edge is a challenging task from several perspectives, since data must be collected by end devices (e.g. sensors), possibly pre-processed (e.g. data compression), and finally processed remotely to output the result of training and/or inference phases. This involves heterogeneous resources, such as radio, computing and learning related parameters. In this context, we propose an algorithm that dynamically selects data encoding scheme, local computing resources, uplink radio parameters, and remote computing resources, to perform a classification task with the minimum average end devices' energy consumption, under E2E delay and inference reliability constraints. Our method does not assume any prior knowledge of the statistics of time varying context parameters, while it only requires the solution of low complexity per-slot deterministic optimization problems, based on instantaneous observations of these parameters and that of properly defined state variables. Numerical results on convolutional neural network based image classification illustrate the effectiveness of our method in striking the best trade-off between energy, delay and inference reliability.      
### 17.Optimal Design of Best Response Dynamics in Resource Allocation Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10364.pdf)
>  Designing distributed algorithms for multi-agent problems is vital for many emerging application domains, and game-theoretic approaches are emerging as a useful paradigm to design such algorithms. However, much of the emphasis of the game-theoretic approach is on the study of equilibrium behavior, whereas transient behavior is often less explored. Therefore, in this paper we study the transient efficiency guarantees of best response processes in the context of resource-allocation games, which are used to model a variety of engineering applications. Specifically, the main focus of the paper is on designing utility functions of agents to induce optimal short-term system-level behavior under a best-response process. Interestingly, the resulting transient performance guarantees are relatively close to the optimal asymptotic performance guarantees. Furthermore, we characterize a trade-off that results when optimizing for both asymptotic and transient efficiency through various utility designs.      
### 18.Self-Supervised Video Object Segmentation via Cutout Prediction and Tagging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10846.pdf)
>  We propose a novel self-supervised Video Object Segmentation (VOS) approach that strives to achieve better object-background discriminability for accurate object segmentation. Distinct from previous self-supervised VOS methods, our approach is based on a discriminative learning loss formulation that takes into account both object and background information to ensure object-background discriminability, rather than using only object appearance. The discriminative learning loss comprises cutout-based reconstruction (cutout region represents part of a frame, whose pixels are replaced with some constant values) and tag prediction loss terms. The cutout-based reconstruction term utilizes a simple cutout scheme to learn the pixel-wise correspondence between the current and previous frames in order to reconstruct the original current frame with added cutout region in it. The introduced cutout patch guides the model to focus as much on the significant features of the object of interest as the less significant ones, thereby implicitly equipping the model to address occlusion-based scenarios. Next, the tag prediction term encourages object-background separability by grouping tags of all pixels in the cutout region that are similar, while separating them from the tags of the rest of the reconstructed frame pixels. Additionally, we introduce a zoom-in scheme that addresses the problem of small object segmentation by capturing fine structural information at multiple scales. Our proposed approach, termed CT-VOS, achieves state-of-the-art results on two challenging benchmarks: DAVIS-2017 and Youtube-VOS. A detailed ablation showcases the importance of the proposed loss formulation to effectively capture object-background discriminability and the impact of our zoom-in scheme to accurately segment small-sized objects.      
### 19.Federated Learning Enables Big Data for Rare Cancer Boundary Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10836.pdf)
>  Although machine learning (ML) has shown promise in numerous domains, there are concerns about generalizability to out-of-sample data. This is currently addressed by centrally sharing ample, and importantly diverse, data from multiple sites. However, such centralization is challenging to scale (or even not feasible) due to various limitations. Federated ML (FL) provides an alternative to train accurate and generalizable ML models, by only sharing numerical model updates. Here we present findings from the largest FL study to-date, involving data from 71 healthcare institutions across 6 continents, to generate an automatic tumor boundary detector for the rare disease of glioblastoma, utilizing the largest dataset of such patients ever used in the literature (25,256 MRI scans from 6,314 patients). We demonstrate a 33% improvement over a publicly trained model to delineate the surgically targetable tumor, and 23% improvement over the tumor's entire extent. We anticipate our study to: 1) enable more studies in healthcare informed by large and diverse data, ensuring meaningful results for rare diseases and underrepresented populations, 2) facilitate further quantitative analyses for glioblastoma via performance optimization of our consensus model for eventual public release, and 3) demonstrate the effectiveness of FL at such scale and task complexity as a paradigm shift for multi-site collaborations, alleviating the need for data sharing.      
### 20.Predicting highway lane-changing maneuvers: A benchmark analysis of machine and ensemble learning algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10807.pdf)
>  Understanding and predicting highway lane-change maneuvers is essential for driving modeling and its automation. The development of data-based lane-changing decision-making algorithms is nowadays in full expansion. We compare empirically in this article different machine and ensemble learning classification techniques to the MOBIL rule-based model using trajectory data of European two-lane highways. The analysis relies on instantaneous measurements of up to twenty-four spatial-temporal variables with the four neighboring vehicles on current and adjacent lanes. Preliminary descriptive investigations by principal component and logistic analyses allow identifying main variables intending a driver to change lanes. We predict two types of discretionary lane-change maneuvers: Overtaking (from slow to fast lane) and fold-down (from fast to slow lane). The prediction accuracy is quantified using total, lane-changing and lane-keeping errors and associated receiver operating characteristic curves. The benchmark analysis includes logistic model, linear discriminant, decision tree, naïve Bayes classifier, support vector machine, neural network machine learning algorithms, and up to ten bagging and stacking ensemble learning meta-heuristics. If the rule-based model provides limited predicting accuracy, especially in case of fold-down, the data-based algorithms, devoid of modeling bias, allow significant prediction improvements. Cross validations show that selected neural networks and stacking algorithms allow predicting from a single observation both fold-down and overtaking maneuvers up to four seconds in advance with high accuracy.      
### 21.ParkPredict+: Multimodal Intent and Motion Prediction for Vehicles in Parking Lots with CNN and Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10777.pdf)
>  The problem of multimodal intent and trajectory prediction for human-driven vehicles in parking lots is addressed in this paper. Using models designed with CNN and Transformer networks, we extract temporal-spatial and contextual information from trajectory history and local bird's eye view (BEV) semantic images, and generate predictions about intent distribution and future trajectory sequences. Our methods outperforms existing models in accuracy, while allowing an arbitrary number of modes, encoding complex multi-agent scenarios, and adapting to different parking maps. In addition, we present the first public human driving dataset in parking lot with high resolution and rich traffic scenarios for relevant research in this field.      
### 22.Tag-Based Attention Guided Bottom-Up Approach for Video Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10765.pdf)
>  Video Instance Segmentation is a fundamental computer vision task that deals with segmenting and tracking object instances across a video sequence. Most existing methods typically accomplish this task by employing a multi-stage top-down approach that usually involves separate networks to detect and segment objects in each frame, followed by associating these detections in consecutive frames using a learned tracking head. In this work, however, we introduce a simple end-to-end trainable bottom-up approach to achieve instance mask predictions at the pixel-level granularity, instead of the typical region-proposals-based approach. Unlike contemporary frame-based models, our network pipeline processes an input video clip as a single 3D volume to incorporate temporal information. The central idea of our formulation is to solve the video instance segmentation task as a tag assignment problem, such that generating distinct tag values essentially separates individual object instances across the video sequence (here each tag could be any arbitrary value between 0 and 1). To this end, we propose a novel spatio-temporal tagging loss that allows for sufficient separation of different objects as well as necessary identification of different instances of the same object. Furthermore, we present a tag-based attention module that improves instance tags, while concurrently learning instance propagation within a video. Evaluations demonstrate that our method provides competitive results on YouTube-VIS and DAVIS-19 datasets, and has minimum run-time compared to other state-of-the-art performance methods.      
### 23.E2E Segmenter: Joint Segmenting and Decoding for Long-Form ASR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10749.pdf)
>  Improving the performance of end-to-end ASR models on long utterances ranging from minutes to hours in length is an ongoing challenge in speech recognition. A common solution is to segment the audio in advance using a separate voice activity detector (VAD) that decides segment boundary locations based purely on acoustic speech/non-speech information. VAD segmenters, however, may be sub-optimal for real-world speech where, e.g., a complete sentence that should be taken as a whole may contain hesitations in the middle ("set an alarm for... 5 o'clock"). <br>We propose to replace the VAD with an end-to-end ASR model capable of predicting segment boundaries in a streaming fashion, allowing the segmentation decision to be conditioned not only on better acoustic features but also on semantic features from the decoded text with negligible extra computation. In experiments on real world long-form audio (YouTube) with lengths of up to 30 minutes, we demonstrate 8.5% relative WER improvement and 250 ms reduction in median end-of-segment latency compared to the VAD segmenter baseline on a state-of-the-art Conformer RNN-T model.      
### 24.Matrix-Scaled Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10723.pdf)
>  This letter proposes a matrix-scaled consensus algorithm, which generalizes the scaled consensus algorithm in \cite{Roy2015scaled}. In (scalar) scaled consensus algorithms, the agents' states do not converge to a common value, but to different points along a straight line in the state space, which depends on the scaling factors and the initial states of the agents. {In the matrix-scaled consensus algorithm, a positive/negative definite matrix weight is assigned to each agent. Each agent updates its state based on the product of the sum of relative matrix scaled states and the sign of the matrix weight. Under the proposed algorithm, each agent asymptotically converges to a final point differing with a common consensus point by the inverse of its own scaling matrix. Thus, the final states of the agents are not restricted to a straight line but can be located at almost any point in the state-space.} Convergence analysis of matrix-scaled consensus for single and double-integrator agents are studied in detail. Simulation results are given to support the analysis.      
### 25.SUES-200: A Multi-height Multi-scene Cross-view Image Benchmark Across Drone and Satellite  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10704.pdf)
>  The purpose of cross-view image matching is to match images acquired from the different platforms of the same target scene and then help positioning system to infer the location of the target scene. With the rapid development of drone technology, how to help Drone positioning or navigation through cross-view matching technology has become a challenging research topic. However, the accuracy of current cross-view matching models is still low, mainly because the existing public datasets do not include the differences in images obtained by drones at different heights, and the types of scenes are relatively homogeneous, which makes the models unable to adapt to complex and changing scenes. We propose a new cross-view dataset, SUES-200, to address these issues.SUES-200 contains images acquired by the drone at four flight heights and the corresponding satellite view images under the same target scene. To our knowledge, SUES-200 is the first dataset that considers the differences generated by aerial photography of drones at different flight heights. In addition, we build a pipeline for efficient training testing and evaluation of cross-view matching models. Then, we comprehensively evaluate the performance of feature extractors with different CNN architectures on SUES-200 through an evaluation system for cross-view matching models and propose a robust baseline model. The experimental results show that SUES-200 can help the model learn features with high discrimination at different heights. Evaluating indicators of the matching system improves as the drone flight height gets higher because the drone camera pose and the surrounding environment have less influence on aerial photography.      
### 26.TASAC: a twin-actor reinforcement learning framework with stochastic policy for batch process control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10685.pdf)
>  Due to their complex nonlinear dynamics and batch-to-batch variability, batch processes pose a challenge for process control. Due to the absence of accurate models and resulting plant-model mismatch, these problems become harder to address for advanced model-based control strategies. Reinforcement Learning (RL), wherein an agent learns the policy by directly interacting with the environment, offers a potential alternative in this context. RL frameworks with actor-critic architecture have recently become popular for controlling systems where state and action spaces are continuous. It has been shown that an ensemble of actor and critic networks further helps the agent learn better policies due to the enhanced exploration due to simultaneous policy learning. To this end, the current study proposes a stochastic actor-critic RL algorithm, termed Twin Actor Soft Actor-Critic (TASAC), by incorporating an ensemble of actors for learning, in a maximum entropy framework, for batch process control.      
### 27.Ontology-based system to support industrial system design for aircraft assembly  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10636.pdf)
>  The development of an aircraft industrial system is a complex process which faces the challenge of digital discontinuity in multidisciplinary engineering due to various interfaces between different digital tools, leading to extra development time and costs. This paper proposes an ontology-based system, aiming at functionality integration and design process automation, by Models for Manufacturing methodology principles. A tool-agnostic modelling, simulation and validation platform with Discrete Event Simulation and 3D simulation is enabled and demonstrated in a real case study. An ontology layer collecting the domain knowledge enables integration of the proposed system, accelerating the design process and enhancing design quality.      
### 28.Real-time HOG+SVM based object detection using SoC FPGA for a UHD video stream  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10619.pdf)
>  Object detection is an essential component of many vision systems. For example, pedestrian detection is used in advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) and advanced video surveillance systems (AVSS). Currently, most detectors use deep convolutional neural networks (e.g., the YOLO -- You Only Look Once -- family), which, however, due to their high computational complexity, are not able to process a very high-resolution video stream in real-time, especially within a limited energy budget. In this paper we present a hardware implementation of the well-known pedestrian detector with HOG (Histogram of Oriented Gradients) feature extraction and SVM (Support Vector Machine) classification. Our system running on AMD Xilinx Zynq UltraScale+ MPSoC (Multiprocessor System on Chip) device allows real-time processing of 4K resolution (UHD -- Ultra High Definition, 3840 x 2160 pixels) video for 60 frames per second. The system is capable of detecting a pedestrian in a single scale. The results obtained confirm the high suitability of reprogrammable devices in the real-time implementation of embedded vision systems.      
### 29.LibriS2S: A German-English Speech-to-Speech Translation Corpus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10593.pdf)
>  Recently, we have seen an increasing interest in the area of speech-to-text translation. This has led to astonishing improvements in this area. In contrast, the activities in the area of speech-to-speech translation is still limited, although it is essential to overcome the language barrier. We believe that one of the limiting factors is the availability of appropriate training data. We address this issue by creating LibriS2S, to our knowledge the first publicly available speech-to-speech training corpus between German and English. For this corpus, we used independently created audio for German and English leading to an unbiased pronunciation of the text in both languages. This allows the creation of a new text-to-speech and speech-to-speech translation model that directly learns to generate the speech signal based on the pronunciation of the source language. Using this created corpus, we propose Text-to-Speech models based on the example of the recently proposed FastSpeech 2 model that integrates source language information. We do this by adapting the model to take information such as the pitch, energy or transcript from the source speech as additional input.      
### 30.Efficient Training of Neural Transducer for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10586.pdf)
>  As one of the most popular sequence-to-sequence modeling approaches for speech recognition, the RNN-Transducer has achieved evolving performance with more and more sophisticated neural network models of growing size and increasing training epochs. While strong computation resources seem to be the prerequisite of training superior models, we try to overcome it by carefully designing a more efficient training pipeline. In this work, we propose an efficient 3-stage progressive training pipeline to build highly-performing neural transducer models from scratch with very limited computation resources in a reasonable short time period. The effectiveness of each stage is experimentally verified on both Librispeech and Switchboard corpora. The proposed pipeline is able to train transducer models approaching state-of-the-art performance with a single GPU in just 2-3 weeks. Our best conformer transducer achieves 4.1% WER on Librispeech test-other with only 35 epochs of training.      
### 31.FAIR4Cov: Fused Audio Instance and Representation for COVID-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10581.pdf)
>  Audio-based classification techniques on body sounds have long been studied to support diagnostic decisions, particularly in pulmonary diseases. In response to the urgency of the COVID-19 pandemic, a growing number of models are developed to identify COVID-19 patients based on acoustic input. Most models focus on cough because the dry cough is the best-known symptom of COVID-19. However, other body sounds, such as breath and speech, have also been revealed to correlate with COVID-19 as well. In this work, rather than relying on a specific body sound, we propose Fused Audio Instance and Representation for COVID-19 Detection (FAIR4Cov). It relies on constructing a joint feature vector obtained from a plurality of body sounds in waveform and spectrogram representation. The core component of FAIR4Cov is a self-attention fusion unit that is trained to establish the relation of multiple body sounds and audio representations and integrate it into a compact feature vector. We set up our experiments on different combinations of body sounds using only waveform, spectrogram, and a joint representation of waveform and spectrogram. Our findings show that the use of self-attention to combine extracted features from cough, breath, and speech sounds leads to the best performance with an Area Under the Receiver Operating Characteristic Curve (AUC) score of 0.8658, a sensitivity of 0.8057, and a specificity of 0.7958. This AUC is 0.0227 higher than the one of the models trained on spectrograms only and 0.0847 higher than the one of the models trained on waveforms only. The results demonstrate that the combination of spectrogram with waveform representation helps to enrich the extracted features and outperforms the models with single representation.      
### 32.Speaking-Rate-Controllable HiFi-GAN Using Feature Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10561.pdf)
>  This paper presents a speaking-rate-controllable HiFi-GAN neural vocoder. Original HiFi-GAN is a high-fidelity, computationally efficient, and tiny-footprint neural vocoder. We attempt to incorporate a speaking rate control function into HiFi-GAN for improving the accessibility of synthetic speech. The proposed method inserts a differentiable interpolation layer into the HiFi-GAN architecture. A signal resampling method and an image scaling method are implemented in the proposed method to warp the mel-spectrograms or hidden features of the neural vocoder. We also design and open-source a Japanese speech corpus containing three kinds of speaking rates to evaluate the proposed speaking rate control method. Experimental results of comprehensive objective and subjective evaluations demonstrate that 1) the proposed method outperforms a baseline time-scale modification algorithm in speech naturalness, 2) warping mel-spectrograms by image scaling obtained the best performance among all proposed methods, and 3) the proposed speaking rate control method can be incorporated into HiFi-GAN without losing computational efficiency.      
### 33.Privacy-preserving Social Distance Monitoring on Microcontrollers with Low-Resolution Infrared Sensors and CNNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10541.pdf)
>  Low-resolution infrared (IR) array sensors offer a low-cost, low-power, and privacy-preserving alternative to optical cameras and smartphones/wearables for social distance monitoring in indoor spaces, permitting the recognition of basic shapes, without revealing the personal details of individuals. In this work, we demonstrate that an accurate detection of social distance violations can be achieved processing the raw output of a 8x8 IR array sensor with a small-sized Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Furthermore, the CNN can be executed directly on a Microcontroller (MCU)-based sensor node. <br>With results on a newly collected open dataset, we show that our best CNN achieves 86.3% balanced accuracy, significantly outperforming the 61% achieved by a state-of-the-art deterministic algorithm. Changing the architectural parameters of the CNN, we obtain a rich Pareto set of models, spanning 70.5-86.3% accuracy and 0.18-75k parameters. Deployed on a STM32L476RG MCU, these models have a latency of 0.73-5.33ms, with an energy consumption per inference of 9.38-68.57{\mu}J.      
### 34.Unifying Cosine and PLDA Back-ends for Speaker Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10523.pdf)
>  State-of-art speaker verification (SV) systems use a back-end model to score the similarity of speaker embeddings extracted from a neural network model. The commonly used back-end models are the cosine scoring and the probabilistic linear discriminant analysis (PLDA) scoring. With the recently developed neural embeddings, the theoretically more appealing PLDA approach is found to have no advantage against or even be inferior the simple cosine scoring in terms of SV system performance. This paper presents an investigation on the relation between the two scoring approaches, aiming to explain the above counter-intuitive observation. It is shown that the cosine scoring is essentially a special case of PLDA scoring. In other words, by properly setting the parameters of PLDA, the two back-ends become equivalent. As a consequence, the cosine scoring not only inherits the basic assumptions for the PLDA but also introduces additional assumptions on the properties of input embeddings. Experiments show that the dimensional independence assumption required by the cosine scoring contributes most to the performance gap between the two methods under the domain-matched condition. When there is severe domain mismatch and the dimensional independence assumption does not hold, the PLDA would perform better than the cosine for domain adaptation.      
### 35.MITL Verification Under Timing Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10493.pdf)
>  A Metric Interval Temporal Logic (MITL) verification algorithm is presented. It verifies continuous-time signals without relying on high frequency sampling. Instead, it is assumed that collections of over- and under-approximating intervals are available for the times at which the individual atomic propositions hold true. These are combined inductively to generate corresponding over- and under-approximations for the specified MITL formula. The gap between the over- and under-approximations reflects timing uncertainty with respect to the signal being verified, thereby providing a quantitative measure of the conservativeness of the algorithm. Numerical examples are provided to illustrate.      
### 36.Gravity aided navigation using Viterbi map matching algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10492.pdf)
>  In GNSS-denied environments, aiding a vehicle's inertial navigation system (INS) is crucial to reducing the accumulated navigation drift caused by sensor errors (e.g. bias and noise). One potential solution is to use measurements of gravity as an aiding source. The measurements are matched to a geo-referenced map of Earth's gravity in order to estimate the vehicle's position. In this paper, we propose a novel formulation of the map matching problem using a hidden Markov model (HMM). Specifically, we treat the spatial cells of the map as the hidden states of the HMM and present a Viterbi style algorithm to estimate the most likely sequence of states, i.e. most likely sequence of vehicle positions, that results in the sequence of observed gravity measurements. Using a realistic gravity map, we demonstrate the accuracy of our Viterbi map matching algorithm in a navigation scenario and illustrate its robustness compared to existing methods.      
### 37.Analysis of Temporal Difference Learning: Linear System Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10479.pdf)
>  The goal of this technical note is to introduce a new finite-time convergence analysis of temporal difference (TD) learning based on stochastic linear system models. TD-learning is a fundamental reinforcement learning (RL) to evaluate a given policy by estimating the corresponding value function for a Markov decision process. While there has been a series of successful works in theoretical analysis of TDlearning, it was not until recently that researchers found some guarantees on its statistical efficiency by developing finite-time error bounds. In this paper, we propose a simple control theoretic finite-time analysis of TD-learning, which exploits linear system models and standard notions in linear system communities. The proposed work provides new simple templets for RL analysis, and additional insights on TD-learning and RL based on ideas in control theory.      
### 38.Sparse dynamical system identification with simultaneous structural parameters and initial condition estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10472.pdf)
>  Sparse Identification of Nonlinear Dynamics (SINDy) has been shown to successfully recover governing equations from data; however, this approach assumes the initial condition to be exactly known in advance and is sensitive to noise. In this work we propose an integral SINDy (ISINDy) method to simultaneously identify model structure and parameters of nonlinear ordinary differential equations (ODEs) from noisy time-series observations. First, the states are estimated via penalized spline smoothing and then substituted into the integral-form numerical discretization solver, leading to a pseudo-linear regression. The sequential threshold least squares is performed to extract the fewest active terms from the overdetermined set of candidate features, thereby estimating structural parameters and initial condition simultaneously and meanwhile, making the identified dynamics parsimonious and interpretable. Simulations detail the method's recovery accuracy and robustness to noise. Examples include a logistic equation, Lokta-Volterra system, and Lorenz system.      
### 39.WaBERT: A Low-resource End-to-end Model for Spoken Language Understanding and Speech-to-BERT Alignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10461.pdf)
>  Historically lower-level tasks such as automatic speech recognition (ASR) and speaker identification are the main focus in the speech field. Interest has been growing in higher-level spoken language understanding (SLU) tasks recently, like sentiment analysis (SA). However, improving performances on SLU tasks remains a big challenge. Basically, there are two main methods for SLU tasks: (1) Two-stage method, which uses a speech model to transfer speech to text, then uses a language model to get the results of downstream tasks; (2) One-stage method, which just fine-tunes a pre-trained speech model to fit in the downstream tasks. The first method loses emotional cues such as intonation, and causes recognition errors during ASR process, and the second one lacks necessary language knowledge. In this paper, we propose the Wave BERT (WaBERT), a novel end-to-end model combining the speech model and the language model for SLU tasks. WaBERT is based on the pre-trained speech and language model, hence training from scratch is not needed. We also set most parameters of WaBERT frozen during training. By introducing WaBERT, audio-specific information and language knowledge are integrated in the short-time and low-resource training process to improve results on the dev dataset of SLUE SA tasks by 1.15% of recall score and 0.82% of F1 score. Additionally, we modify the serial Continuous Integrate-and-Fire (CIF) mechanism to achieve the monotonic alignment between the speech and text modalities.      
### 40.Optimal Heap Limits for Reducing Browser Memory Use  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10455.pdf)
>  Garbage collected language runtimes must carefully tune heap limits to reduce garbage collection time and memory usage. However, there's a trade-off: a lower heap limit reduces memory use but increases garbage collection time. Classic methods for setting heap limits include manually-tuned heap limits and multiple-of-working-memory rules of thumb. But because it's a trade-off, it's not clear what heap limit rule is best or how even to compare them. <br>We address this problem with a new framework where heap limits are set for multiple heaps at once. In this framework, standard heap limit rules are non-compositional: multiple heaps using the same heap limit rule allocate memory in non-Pareto-optimal ways. We use our framework to derive a compositional "square-root" heap limit rule, which achieves minimizes total memory usage for any amount of total garbage collection time. Paradoxically, the square-root heap limit rule achieves coordination without communication: it allocates memory optimally across multiple heaps without requiring any communication between heaps. <br>To demonstrate that this heap limit rule is effective, we prototype it for V8, the JavaScript runtime used in Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, and other browsers, as well as in server-side frameworks like node.js and Deno. On real-world web pages, our prototype achieves reductions of approximately 16.99% of memory usage. On memory-intensive benchmarks, reductions of up to 6.55% of garbage collection time are possible with no change in total memory usage.      
### 41.A Data-Efficient Model-Based Learning Framework for the Closed-Loop Control of Continuum Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10454.pdf)
>  Traditional dynamic models of continuum robots are in general computationally expensive and not suitable for real-time control. Recent approaches using learning-based methods to approximate the dynamic model of continuum robots for control have been promising, although real data hungry -- which may cause potential damage to robots and be time consuming -- and getting poorer performance when trained with simulation data only. This paper presents a model-based learning framework for continuum robot closed-loop control that, by combining simulation and real data, shows to require only 100 real data to outperform a real-data-only controller trained using up to 10000 points. The introduced data-efficient framework with three control policies has utilized a Gaussian process regression (GPR) and a recurrent neural network (RNN). Control policy A uses a GPR model and a RNN trained in simulation to optimize control outputs for simulated targets; control policy B retrains the RNN in policy A with data generated from the GPR model to adapt to real robot physics; control policy C utilizes policy A and B to form a hybrid policy. Using a continuum robot with soft spines, we show that our approach provides an efficient framework to bridge the sim-to-real gap in model-based learning for continuum robots.      
### 42.Fixed-Time Parameter Adaptation for Safe Control Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10453.pdf)
>  We propose a fixed-time stable parameter adaptation law that guarantees that an additive, parameter-affine disturbance appearing in the dynamics of a class of nonlinear, control-affine systems is learned within a fixed time. We then provide an upper bound on the parameter estimation error as an explicit function of time, and use such knowledge to formulate a control barrier function condition to guarantee safety of the system trajectories at all times. We further show that our proposed parameter adaptation law is robust against bounded perturbations to the system dynamics in that the resulting estimated parametric disturbance converges to a known neighborhood of the true parametric disturbance within a fixed time. To illustrate the advantages of our proposed approach, we conduct a comparative numerical study against various controllers from the literature. Finally, we validate our approach on a trajectory-tracking problem subject to safety requirements using a 6 degree-of-freedom quadrotor model in an unknown wind field.      
### 43.DiRA: Discriminative, Restorative, and Adversarial Learning for Self-supervised Medical Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10437.pdf)
>  Discriminative learning, restorative learning, and adversarial learning have proven beneficial for self-supervised learning schemes in computer vision and medical imaging. Existing efforts, however, omit their synergistic effects on each other in a ternary setup, which, we envision, can significantly benefit deep semantic representation learning. To realize this vision, we have developed DiRA, the first framework that unites discriminative, restorative, and adversarial learning in a unified manner to collaboratively glean complementary visual information from unlabeled medical images for fine-grained semantic representation learning. Our extensive experiments demonstrate that DiRA (1) encourages collaborative learning among three learning ingredients, resulting in more generalizable representation across organs, diseases, and modalities; (2) outperforms fully supervised ImageNet models and increases robustness in small data regimes, reducing annotation cost across multiple medical imaging applications; (3) learns fine-grained semantic representation, facilitating accurate lesion localization with only image-level annotation; and (4) enhances state-of-the-art restorative approaches, revealing that DiRA is a general mechanism for united representation learning. All code and pre-trained models are available at https: //github.com/JLiangLab/DiRA.      
### 44.CycleSense: Detecting Near Miss Incidents in Bicycle Traffic from Mobile Motion Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10416.pdf)
>  In cities worldwide, cars cause health and traffic problems which could be partly mitigated through an increased modal share of bicycles. Many people, however, avoid cycling due to a lack of perceived safety. For city planners, addressing this is hard as they lack insights into where cyclists feel safe and where they do not. To gain such insights, we have in previous work proposed the crowdsourcing platform SimRa, which allows cyclists to record their rides and report near miss incidents via a smartphone app. In this paper, we present CycleSense, a combination of signal processing and Machine Learning techniques, which partially automates the detection of near miss incidents. Using the SimRa data set, we evaluate CycleSense by comparing it to a baseline method used by SimRa and show that it significantly improves incident detection.      
### 45.Band-type resonance: non-discrete energetically-optimal resonant states  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10409.pdf)
>  Structural resonance involves the absorption of inertial loads by a tuned structural elasticity: a process playing a key role in a wide range of biological and technological systems, including many biological and bio-inspired locomotion systems. Conventional linear and nonlinear resonant states typically exist at specific discrete frequencies, and specific symmetric waveforms. This discreteness can be an obstacle to resonant control modulation: deviating from these states, by breaking waveform symmetry or modulating drive frequency, generally leads to losses in system efficiency. Here, we demonstrate a new strategy for achieving these modulations at no loss of energetic efficiency. Leveraging fundamental advances in nonlinear dynamics, we characterise a new form of structural resonance: band-type resonance, describing a continuous band of energetically-optimal resonant states existing around conventional discrete resonant states. These states are a counterexample to the common supposition that deviation from a linear (or nonlinear) resonant frequency necessarily involves a loss of efficiency. We demonstrate how band-type resonant states can be generated via a spectral shaping approach: with small modifications to the system kinematic and load waveforms, we construct sets of frequency-modulated and symmetry-broken resonant states that show equal energetic optimality to their conventional discrete analogues. The existence of these non-discrete resonant states in a huge range of oscillators - linear and nonlinear, in many different physical contexts - is a new dynamical-systems phenomenon. It has implications not only for biological and bio-inspired locomotion systems but for a constellation of forced oscillator systems across physics, engineering, and biology.      
### 46.Model-free Learning of Regions of Attraction via Recurrent Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.10372.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of learning an inner approximation of the region of attraction (ROA) of an asymptotically stable equilibrium point without an explicit model of the dynamics. Rather than leveraging approximate models with bounded uncertainty to find a (robust) invariant set contained in the ROA, we propose to learn sets that satisfy a more relaxed notion of containment known as recurrence. We define a set to be $\tau$-recurrent (resp. $k$-recurrent) if every trajectory that starts within the set, returns to it after at most $\tau$ seconds (resp. $k$ steps). We show that under mild assumptions a $\tau$-recurrent set containing a stable equilibrium must be a subset of its ROA. We then leverage this property to develop algorithms that compute inner approximations of the ROA using counter-examples of recurrence that are obtained by sampling finite-length trajectories. Our algorithms process samples sequentially, which allow them to continue being executed even after an initial offline training stage. We further provide an upper bound on the number of counter-examples used by the algorithm, and almost sure convergence guarantees.      
### 47.Deep CardioSound-An Ensembled Deep Learning Model for Heart Sound MultiLabelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2204.07420.pdf)
>  Heart sound diagnosis and classification play an essential role in detecting cardiovascular disorders, especially when the remote diagnosis becomes standard clinical practice. Most of the current work is designed for single category based heard sound classification tasks. To further extend the landscape of the automatic heart sound diagnosis landscape, this work proposes a deep multilabel learning model that can automatically annotate heart sound recordings with labels from different label groups, including murmur's timing, pitch, grading, quality, and shape. Our experiment results show that the proposed method has achieved outstanding performance on the holdout data for the multi-labelling task with sensitivity=0.990, specificity=0.999, F1=0.990 at the segments level, and an overall accuracy=0.969 at the patient's recording level.      
