# ArXiv eess --Wed, 26 Aug 2020
### 1.Smart Inverters Functionalities and their Impacts on Distribution Feeders at High Photovoltaic Penetration: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11125.pdf)
>  The increase in grid-connected photovoltaic (PV) systems has been consistent over the years. Several studies have reported the impacts of this increase on the distribution networks such as reverse power flow, voltage fluctuations, possible increase in system losses amongst others. With this rise in PV penetration level, it becomes necessary for grid tied smart inverters (SI) to be allowed to participate in feeder voltage regulation. Till date, no comprehensive technical review and analysis has been done on the impact and interaction of existing and proposed SI settings on the existing legacy voltage control devices. This paper presents a novel technical review and analysis of some voltage regulation settings of SIs and their impacts on distribution feeders including their interaction with legacy devices such as capacitors, on/off Load Tap Changers, their impact on the feeder losses, harmonic effects and economic impacts (expressed as the device cost factor) and circuit impact index (CII). The analysis of these functionalities is done using the standard IEEE 8500 distribution feeder, integrated with six PVs (based on real PV parameters and data), and strategically located with actual irradiance and temperature profile from a 1.4MW PV plant located at FIU. These PV locations were carefully selected to allow for detailed impacts studies. The results show how the various SI functions impact the reactive power injection and switching of the capacitor banks, the voltage regulator switching, the losses in the feeder, the harmonic and the CII. The Volt-Watt with rise/fall rate-ofchange limiting setting showed the least impact in terms of the CII, voltage regulator tapping and capacitor switching but with high amount of losses compared to other SI functions.      
### 2.An Embedded System for Monitoring Industrial Air Dehumidifiers using a Mobile Android Application for IEEE 802.11 Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11123.pdf)
>  The constant technological evolution allowed significant advances and improvements in the processes of industries, mainly in areas that demand greater control and environmental air efficiency. In this way, Embedded Systems allows the development of products and services that aim to solve or propose solutions in these industrial environments. This article presents the development of an Embedded System with a Programmable Logic Controller (PLC) and Arduino for industrial air dehumidifier, which allows the monitoring of failures remotely from a reliable data communication in a mobile application for Android operating system (OS) on a wireless network IEEE 802.11. As a result, a prototype of the test bench for the Embedded System is presented in which the main parameters of temperature sensors and operating conditions of the dehumidifiers are checked.      
### 3.Use of adaptive filtering techniques and deconvolution to obtain low range sidelobe samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11121.pdf)
>  In this paper the use of adaptive filtering techniques to obtain better peak sidelobe suppression and integrated sidelobe energy will be discussed with regard to weather radars and obtaining better sensitivity with this technique. The performance of these new coefficient sets obtained with adaptive filter (using RLS optimization) will be discussed and presented. They will also be compared with the existing techniques and their peak sidelobe levels.      
### 4.Estimation of energy consumption of electric vehicles using Deep Convolutional Neural Network to reduce driver's range anxiety  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11112.pdf)
>  The goal of this work is to reduce driver's range anxiety by estimating the real-time energy consumption of electric vehicles using deep convolutional neural network. The real-time estimate can be used to accurately predict the remaining range for the vehicle and hence, can reduce driver's range anxiety. In contrast to existing techniques, the non-linearity and complexity induced by the combination of influencing factors make the problem more suitable for a deep learning approach. The proposed approach requires three parameters namely, vehicle speed, tractive effort and road elevation. Multiple experiments with different variants are performed to explore the impact of number of layers and input feature descriptors. The comparison of proposed approach and five of the existing techniques show that the proposed model performed consistently better than existing techniques with lowest error.      
### 5.Dynamics of feed forward induced interference training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11111.pdf)
>  Preceptron model updating with back propagation has become the routine of deep learning. Continu-ous feed forward procedure is required in order for backward propagate to function properly. Doubt-ing the underlying physical interpretation on transformer based models such as GPT brought aboutby the routine explaination, a new method of training is proposed in order to keep self-consistencyof the physics. By treating the GPT model as a space-time diagram, and then trace the worldlinesof signals, identifing the possible paths of signals in order fot a self-attention event to occure. Witha slight modification, self-attention can be viewed as an ising model interaction, which enables thegoal to be designed as energy of system. Target is treated as an external magnetic field inducing sig-nals modeled as magnetic dipoles. A probability network is designed to pilot input signals travellingat constant speed through different routes. A rule of updating the probabilities is designed in orderto form constructive interference at target locations so that instantaneous energy can be maximised.Experiment is conducted on a 4-class classification problem extracted from MNIST. The results ex-hibit interesting but expected behavours, which do not exist in a bp updated network, but more likelearning in a real human, especially in the few-shot scenario.      
### 6.Measure Anatomical Thickness from Cardiac MRI with Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11109.pdf)
>  Accurate estimation of shape thickness from medical images is crucial in clinical applications. For example, the thickness of myocardium is one of the key to cardiac disease diagnosis. While mathematical models are available to obtain accurate dense thickness estimation, they suffer from heavy computational overhead due to iterative solvers. To this end, we propose novel methods for dense thickness estimation, including a fast solver that estimates thickness from binary annular shapes and an end-to-end network that estimates thickness directly from raw cardiac images.We test the proposed models on three cardiac datasets and one synthetic dataset, achieving impressive results and generalizability on all. Thickness estimation is performed without iterative solvers or manual correction, which is 100 times faster than the mathematical model. We also analyze thickness patterns on different cardiac pathologies with a standard clinical model and the results demonstrate the potential clinical value of our method for thickness based cardiac disease diagnosis.      
### 7.Passivity Analysis of Discrete-time Counterparts of the Bilateral Controlled Teleoperation Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11099.pdf)
>  This paper presents an analysis of the passivity condition for discrete-time bilateral teleoperation systems. Considering discrete-time controllers for a master-slave teleoperation system can simplify its implementation. Varieties of control schemes have been utilized for the position error based architecture of bilateral teleoperation systems and major concerns such as passivity and transparency have been studied. This paper takes into account the passivity conditions for the discrete counterparts of P-like, PD-like, and PD-like + dissipation controllers. These conditions impose bounds on the controller gains, the damping of the master and slave robots, and the sampling time which help researchers to provide guidelines to have better transparency and passive teleoperation systems. Simulation results are performed to show the effectiveness of the proposed criteria.      
### 8.Few Shot Text-Independent speaker verification using 3D-CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11088.pdf)
>  Facial recognition system is one of the major successes of Artificial intelligence and has been used a lot over the last years. But, images are not the only biometric present: audio is another possible biometric that can be used as an alternative to the existing recognition systems. However, the text-independent audio data is not always available for tasks like speaker verification and also no work has been done in the past for text-independent speaker verification assuming very little training data. Therefore, In this paper, we have proposed a novel method to verify the identity of the claimed speaker using very few training data. To achieve this we are using a Siamese neural network with center loss and speaker bias loss. Experiments conducted on the VoxCeleb1 dataset show that the proposed model accuracy even on training with very few data is near to the state of the art model on text-independent speaker verification      
### 9.Holographic Predictive Search: Extending the Scope  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11067.pdf)
>  Holographic Predictive Search (HPS) is a novel approach to search-based hologram generation that uses a mathematical understanding of the optical transforms to make informed optimisation decisions. Existing search techniques such as Direct Search (DS) and Simulated Annealing (SA) rely on trialling modifications to a test hologram and observing the results. A formula is used to decide whether the change should be accepted. HPS operates presciently, using knowledge of the underlying mathematical relationship to make exact changes to the test hologram that guarantee the 'best' outcome for that change. In this work, we extend the scope of the original research to cover both phase and amplitude modulating Spatial Light Modulators (SLMs), both phase sensitive and phase insensitive systems and both Fresnel and Fraunhofer diffraction. In the cases discussed, improvements of up to 10x are observed in final error and the approach also offers significant performance benefits in generation time. This comes at the expense of increased complexity and loss of generality.      
### 10.Sympathetic quantisation -- a new approach to hologram quantisation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11065.pdf)
>  Spatial light modulators can typically only modulate the phase or the amplitude of an incident wavefront, with only a limited number of discrete values available. This is often accounted for in computer-generated holography algorithms by setting hologram pixel values to the nearest achievable value during what is known as quantisation. Sympathetic quantisation is an alternative to this nearest-neighbour approach that takes into account the underlying diffraction relationships in order to obtain a significantly improved post-quantisation performance. The concept of sympathetic quantisation is introduced in this paper and a simple implementation, soft sympathetic quantisation, is presented which is shown to improve mean squared error and structural similarity index error metrics by 50% for the considered case of single-transform algorithms.      
### 11.ICE-Talk: an Interface for a Controllable Expressive Talking Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11045.pdf)
>  ICE-Talk is an open source web-based GUI that allows the use of a TTS system with controllable parameters via a text field and a clickable 2D plot. It enables the study of latent spaces for controllable TTS. Moreover it is implemented as a module that can be used as part of a Human-Agent interaction.      
### 12.Analysis of Adaptive Synchrosqueezing Transform with a Time-varying Parameter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11032.pdf)
>  The synchrosqueezing transform (SST) was developed recently to separate the components of non-stationary multicomponent signals. The continuous wavelet transform-based SST (WSST) reassigns the scale variable of the continuous wavelet transform of a signal to the frequency variable and sharpens the time-frequency representation. The WSST with a time-varying parameter, called the adaptive WSST, was introduced very recently in the paper "Adaptive synchrosqueezing transform with a time-varying parameter for non-stationary signal separation". The well-separated conditions of non-stationary multicomponent signals with the adaptive WSST and a method to select the time-varying parameter were proposed in that paper. In addition, simulation experiments in that paper show that the adaptive WSST is very promising in estimating the instantaneous frequency of a multicomponent signal, and in accurate component recovery. However the theoretical analysis of the adaptive WSST has not been studied. In this paper, we carry out such analysis and obtain error bounds for component recovery with the adaptive WSST and the 2nd-order adaptive WSST. These results provide a mathematical guarantee to non-stationary multicomponent signal separation with the adaptive WSST.      
### 13.Efficient Blind-Spot Neural Network Architecture for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11010.pdf)
>  Image denoising is an essential tool in computational photography. Standard denoising techniques, which use deep neural networks at their core, require pairs of clean and noisy images for its training. If we do not possess the clean samples, we can use blind-spot neural network architectures, which estimate the pixel value based on the neighbouring pixels only. These networks thus allow training on noisy images directly, as they by-design avoid trivial solutions. Nowadays, the blind-spot is mostly achieved using shifted convolutions or serialization. We propose a novel fully convolutional network architecture that uses dilations to achieve the blind-spot property. Our network improves the performance over the prior work and achieves state-of-the-art results on established datasets.      
### 14.Millimeter Wave Channel Modeling via Generative Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11006.pdf)
>  Statistical channel models are instrumental to design and evaluate wireless communication systems. In the millimeter wave bands, such models become acutely challenging; they must capture the delay, directions, and path gains, for each link and with high resolution. This paper presents a general modeling methodology based on training generative neural networks from data. The proposed generative model consists of a two-stage structure that first predicts the state of each link (line-of-sight, non-line-of-sight, or outage), and subsequently feeds this state into a conditional variational autoencoder that generates the path losses, delays, and angles of arrival and departure for all its propagation paths. Importantly, minimal prior assumptions are made, enabling the model to capture complex relationships within the data. The methodology is demonstrated for 28GHz air-to-ground channels in an urban environment, with training datasets produced by means of ray tracing.      
### 15.Design of mechanical structure and tracking control system for 5 DOF surgical robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10997.pdf)
>  In this paper, the tracking control problem for 5 DOF surgical robot which is affected by tremor of surgeons' hand is considered. Mechanical modeling and dynamic analysis of a robotic arm in slave subsystem of a telesurgery system will be discussed and the reasons for selecting the appropriate materials for different parts of robot will be explained. It would be required this robot, which will do the main part of the surgery, be controlled based on the uncertain properties of the tissues of patients body. Improved Lyapunov Based control method with uncertainty observer is applied to improve the accuracy of tracking procedure for a surgical manipulator to track a specified reference signal in the presence of tremor that is modeled as constant bounded disturbance. Based on the disturbance rejection scheme, tracking controllers are constructed which are asymptotically stabilizing in the sense of Lyapunov. The control strategy was implemented using a PC interface. Computer simulation results demonstrate that accurate trajectory tracking can be achieved by using the proposed controllers.      
### 16.Spectrum Sharing Strategies for UAV-to-UAV Cellular Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10993.pdf)
>  In this article, we consider a cellular network deployment where UAV-to-UAV (U2U) transmit-receive pairs coexist with the uplink (UL) of cellular ground users (GUEs). Our analysis focuses on comparing two spectrum sharing mechanisms: i) overlay, where the available time-frequency resources are split into orthogonal portions for U2U and GUE communications, and ii) underlay, where the same resources may be accessed by both link types, resulting in mutual interference. We evaluate the coverage probability and rate of all links and their interplay to identify the best spectrum sharing mechanism. Among other things, our results demonstrate that, in scenarios with a large number of UAV pairs, adopting overlay spectrum sharing seems the most suitable approach for maintaining a minimum guaranteed rate for UAVs and a high GUE UL performance. We also find that increasing the density of U2U links degrades their rates in the overlay-where UAVs only receive interference from other UAVs-, but not significantly so in the underlay -- where the effect of GUE-generated interference is dominant.      
### 17.Instability Margin Analysis with Application to Biological Oscillations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10983.pdf)
>  Instability of an equilibrium point often provides a basis for an oscillatory mode of operation in certain nonlinear dynamical systems. This paper is concerned with a fundamental robustness analysis for instability of an equilibrium point in the presence of a dynamic perturbation. Our analysis is based on the linearized system around the equilibrium point, which may move due to the perturbation. We define the instability margin as the infimum of the $H_\infty$ norm of the stable linear perturbation that exponentially stabilizes the corresponding equilibrium point. There are two main theoretical results; one is on characterizations of linear systems for which the robust instability radius can be calculated exactly and the other is on the exact instability margin for a class of nonlinear systems by properly taking the change of the equilibrium point into account. The results are applied to the Repressilator in synthetic biology, where hyperbolic instability of a unique equilibrium guarantees the persistence of oscillation phenomena in the global sense, and the effectiveness is confirmed by numerical simulations.      
### 18.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces based Cognitive Radio Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10946.pdf)
>  Over the last decade, cognitive radios (CRs) have emerged as a technology for improving spectrum efficiency through dynamic spectrum access techniques. More recently, as research interest is shifting beyond 5G communications, new technologies such as reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) have emerged as enablers of smart radio environments, to further improve signal coverage and spectrum management capabilities. Based on the promise of CRs and RISs, this paper seeks to investigate the concept of adopting both concepts within a network as a means of maximizing the potential benefits available. The paper considers two separate models of RIS-based networks and analyzes several performance metrics associated with the CR secondary user. Monte Carlo simulations are presented to validate the derived expressions. The results indicate the effects of key parameters of the system and the clear improvement of the CR network, in the presence of a RIS-enhanced primary network.      
### 19.Bounding the l_2 sensitivity for positive linear observers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10944.pdf)
>  We consider the design of differentially private Luenberger observers for positive linear systems. In particular, we derive a bound for the $l_2$ sensitivity of Luenberger observers, which is used to quantify the noise required to achieve relaxed differential privacy via the Gaussian mechanism. An approach to minimise this bound for positive observers is described and several bounds relevant to this problem are derived.      
### 20.Platoon--assisted Vehicular Cloud in VANET: Vision and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10928.pdf)
>  Intelligent connected vehicles equipped with wireless sensors, intelligent control system, and communication devices are expected to commercially launch and emerge on road in short-term. These smart vehicles are able to partially/fully drive themselves; collect data from sensors, make and execute decisions based on that data; communicate with other vehicles, pedestrians, and nodes installed on the road; and provide infotainment and value-added services, such as broadband transmission of ultra-high definition video, files/apps downloading and uploading, online gaming, access to social media, audio/video conference streaming (office-in-car), live TV streaming, etc.; and so on. In addition, it is also possible for autonomous vehicles to form a "platoon" on road; maintaining close proximity in order to reduce the consumption of fuel and/or emission of gas, decrease costs, increase safety, and enhance the efficiency of the legacy transportation system. These emerging vehicular applications demand a large amount of computing and communication capacity to excel in their compute-intensive and latency-sensitive tasks. Based on these facts, the authors of this paper presented a visionary concept -- "platoon-assisted vehicular cloud" -- that exploits underutilized resources in platoons to augment vehicular cloud aiming to provide cost-effective and on-demand computing resources. Moreover, the authors presented three potential scenarios and explained the exploitation of platoon resources and roadside infrastructure to facilitate new applications. Besides system design, the paper did also summarize a number of open research challenges with the purpose of motivating new advances and potential solutions to this field.      
### 21.Loop-shaping for reset control systems -- A higher-order sinusoidal-input describing functions approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10908.pdf)
>  The ever-growing demands on speed and precision from the precision motion industry have pushed control requirements to reach the limitations of linear control theory. Nonlinear controllers like reset provide a viable alternative since they can be easily integrated into the existing linear controller structure and designed using industry-preferred loop-shaping techniques. However, currently, loop-shaping is achieved using the describing function (DF) and performance analysed using linear control sensitivity functions not applicable for reset control systems, resulting in a significant deviation between expected and practical results. We overcome this major bottleneck to the wider adaptation of reset control with two contributions in this paper. First, we present the extension of frequency-domain tools for reset controllers in the form of higher-order sinusoidal-input describing functions (HOSIDFs) providing greater insight into their behaviour. Second, we propose a novel method which uses the DF and HOSIDFs of the open-loop reset control system for the estimation of the closed-loop sensitivity functions, establishing for the first time - the relation between open-loop and closed-loop behaviour of reset control systems in the frequency domain. The accuracy of the proposed solution is verified in both simulation and practice on a precision positioning stage and these results are further analysed to obtain insights into the tuning considerations for reset controllers.      
### 22.Federated Learning for Channel Estimation in Conventional and IRS-Assisted Massive MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10846.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) has attracted a great research interest for the problems in the physical layer of wireless communications, such as channel estimation, thanks to its low computational complexity and robustness against imperfect channel data. Channel estimation via ML requires model training on a dataset, which usually includes the received pilot signals as input and channel data as output. In previous works, model training is mostly done in a centralized manner, where the whole training dataset is collected from the users at the base station (BS). This approach introduces huge transmission overhead for data collection from the users. In this paper, to address this challenge, we propose a federated learning (FL) framework for channel estimation. We design a convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on the local datasets of the users without sending them to the BS. We develop FL-based channel estimation schemes for both conventional and IRS (intelligent reflecting surface) assisted massive MIMO (multiple-input multiple-output) systems, where a single CNN is trained for two different datasets for both scenarios. Even if the IRS-assisted massive MIMO includes two different channels, namely the direct and cascaded channels, their estimation is performed with a single CNN, without using multiple CNNs for each task. Via numerical simulations, we evaluate the performance for noisy and quantized model transmission and show that the proposed approach provides approximately 16 times lower transmission overhead than the centralized learning (CL) schemes, while maintaining satisfactory channel estimation performance close to CL. Furthermore, the proposed CNN architecture exhibits lower estimation error than the state-of-the-art ML-based channel estimation schemes.      
### 23.Adaptive Fast Smooth Second-Order Sliding Mode Control for Attitude Tracking of a 3-DOF Helicopter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10817.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel adaptive fast smooth second-order sliding mode control for the attitude tracking of the three degree-of-freedom (3-DOF) helicopter system with lumped disturbances. Combining with a non-singular integral sliding mode surface, we propose a novel adaptive fast smooth second-order sliding mode control method to enable elevation and pitch angles to track given desired trajectories respectively with the features of non-singularity, adaptation to disturbances, chattering suppression and fast finite-time convergence. In addition, a novel adaptive-gain smooth second-order sliding mode observer is proposed to compensate time-varying lumped disturbances with the smoother output compared with the adaptive-gain second-order sliding mode observer. The fast finite-time convergence of the closed-loop system with constant disturbances and the fast finite-time uniformly ultimately boundedness of the closed-loop system with the time-varying lumped disturbances are proved with the finite-time Lyapunov stability theory. Finally, the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed control methods are verified by comparative simulation experiments.      
### 24.Probabilistic Voltage Sensitivity based Preemptive Voltage Monitoring in Unbalanced Distribution Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10814.pdf)
>  With increasing penetration of renewable energy and active consumers, control and management of power distribution networks has become challenging. Renewable energy sources can cause random voltage fluctuations as their output power depends on weather conditions. Conventional voltage control schemes such as tap changers and capacitor banks lack the foresight required to quickly alleviate voltage violations. Thus, there is an urgent need for effective approaches for predicting and mitigating voltage violations as a result of random fluctuations in power injections. This work proposes a novel voltage monitoring approach based on low-complexity, data-driven probabilistic voltage sensitivity analysis. The usefulness of this work is not only in predicting voltage violations in unbalanced distribution grids, but also in opening up the door for optimal voltage control. Using system data and forecasts, the proposed approach predicts the distribution of system node voltages which is then used to to identify nodes that may violate the nominal operational limits with high probability. The method is tested on the IEEE 37 node distribution system considering integrated distributed solar energy sources. The method is validated against the classic load flow based method and offers over 95\% accuracy in predicting voltage violations.      
### 25.Multiview Variational Deep Learning with Application to Scalable Indoor Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10812.pdf)
>  Radio channel state information (CSI) measured with many receivers is a good resource for localizing a transmit device with machine learning with a discriminative model. However, CSI localization is nontrivial when the radio map is complicated, such as in building corridors. This paper introduces a view-selective deep learning (VSDL) system for indoor localization using CSI of WiFi. The multiview training with CSI obtained from multiple groups of access points (APs) generates latent features on supervised variational deep network. This information is then applied to an additional network for dominant view classification to enhance the regression accuracy of localization. As non-informative latent features from multiple views are rejected, we can achieve a localization accuracy of 0.77 m, which outperforms by 30 $\%$ the best known accuracy in practical applications in a real building environment. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first approach to apply variational inference and to construct a scalable system for radio localization. Furthermore, our work investigates a methodology for supervised learning with multiview data where informative and non-informative views coexist.      
### 26.Variational Image Restoration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10796.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have achieved significant success in image restoration tasks by directly learning a powerful non-linear mapping from corrupted images to their latent clean ones. However, there still exist two major limitations for these deep learning (DL)-based methods. Firstly, the noises contained in real corrupted images are very complex, usually neglected and largely under-estimated in most current methods. Secondly, existing DL methods are mostly trained on one pre-assumed degradation process for all of the training image pairs, such as the widely used bicubic downsampling assumption in the image super-resolution task, inevitably leading to poor generalization performance when the true degradation does not match with such assumed one. To address these issues, we propose a unified generative model for the image restoration, which elaborately configures the degradation process from the latent clean image to the observed corrupted one. Specifically, different from most of current methods, the pixel-wisely non-i.i.d. Gaussian distribution, being with more flexibility, is adopted in our method to fit the complex real noises. Furthermore, the method is built on the general image degradation process, making it capable of adapting diverse degradations under one single model. Besides, we design a variational inference algorithm to learn all parameters involved in the proposed model with explicit form of objective loss. Specifically, beyond traditional variational methodology, two DNNs are employed to parameterize the posteriori distributions, one to infer the distribution of the latent clean image, and another to infer the distribution of the image noise. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method on three classical image restoration tasks, including image denoising, image super-resolution and JPEG image deblocking.      
### 27.Aphasic Speech Recognition using a Mixture of Speech Intelligibility Experts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10788.pdf)
>  Robust speech recognition is a key prerequisite for semantic feature extraction in automatic aphasic speech analysis. However, standard one-size-fits-all automatic speech recognition models perform poorly when applied to aphasic speech. One reason for this is the wide range of speech intelligibility due to different levels of severity (i.e., higher severity lends itself to less intelligible speech). To address this, we propose a novel acoustic model based on a mixture of experts (MoE), which handles the varying intelligibility stages present in aphasic speech by explicitly defining severity-based experts. At test time, the contribution of each expert is decided by estimating speech intelligibility with a speech intelligibility detector (SID). We show that our proposed approach significantly reduces phone error rates across all severity stages in aphasic speech compared to a baseline approach that does not incorporate severity information into the modeling process.      
### 28.Continuous Authentication of Wearable Device Users from Heart Rate, Gait, and Breathing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10779.pdf)
>  The security of private information is becoming the bedrock of an increasingly digitized society. While the users are flooded with passwords and PINs, these gold-standard explicit authentications are becoming less popular and valuable. Recent biometric-based authentication methods, such as facial or finger recognition, are getting popular due to their higher accuracy. However, these hard-biometric-based systems require dedicated devices with powerful sensors and authentication models, which are often limited to most of the market wearables. Still, market wearables are collecting various private information of a user and are becoming an integral part of life: accessing cars, bank accounts, etc. Therefore, time demands a burden-free implicit authentication mechanism for wearables using the less-informative soft-biometric data that are easily obtainable from modern market wearables. In this work, we present a context-dependent soft-biometric-based authentication system for wearables devices using heart rate, gait, and breathing audio signals. From our detailed analysis using the "leave-one-out" validation, we find that a lighter $k$-Nearest Neighbor ($k$-NN) model with $k = 2$ can obtain an average accuracy of $0.93 \pm 0.06$, $F_1$ score $0.93 \pm 0.03$, and {\em false positive rate} (FPR) below $0.08$ at 50\% level of confidence, which shows the promise of this work.      
### 29.Enhanced Normalized Mutual Information for Localization in Noisy Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10744.pdf)
>  Fine localization is a crucial task for autonomous vehicles. Although many algorithms have been explored in the literature for this specific task, the goal of getting accurate results from commodity sensors remains a challenge. As autonomous vehicles make the transition from expensive prototypes to production items, the need for inexpensive, yet reliable solutions is increasing rapidly. This article considers scenarios where images are captured with inexpensive cameras and localization takes place using pre-loaded fine maps of local roads as side information. The techniques proposed herein extend schemes based on normalized mutual information by leveraging the likelihood of shades rather than exact sensor readings for localization in noisy environments. This algorithmic enhancement, rooted in statistical signal processing, offers substantial gains in performance. Numerical simulations are used to highlight the benefits of the proposed techniques in representative application scenarios. Analysis of a Ford image set is performed to validate the core findings of this work.      
### 30.Exploit Camera Raw Data for Video Super-Resolution via Hidden Markov Model Inference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10710.pdf)
>  To the best of our knowledge, the existing deep-learning-based Video Super-Resolution (VSR) methods exclusively make use of videos produced by the Image Signal Processor (ISP) of the camera system as inputs. Such methods are 1) inherently suboptimal due to information loss incurred by non-invertible operations in ISP, and 2) inconsistent with the real imaging pipeline where VSR in fact serves as a pre-processing unit of ISP. To address this issue, we propose a new VSR method that can directly exploit camera sensor data, accompanied by a carefully built Raw Video Dataset (RawVD) for training, validation, and testing. This method consists of a Successive Deep Inference (SDI) module and a reconstruction module, among others. The SDI module is designed according to the architectural principle suggested by a canonical decomposition result for Hidden Markov Model (HMM) inference; it estimates the target high-resolution frame by repeatedly performing pairwise feature fusion using deformable convolutions. The reconstruction module, built with elaborately designed Attention-based Residual Dense Blocks (ARDBs), serves the purpose of 1) refining the fused feature and 2) learning the color information needed to generate a spatial-specific transformation for accurate color correction. Extensive experiments demonstrate that owing to the informativeness of the camera raw data, the effectiveness of the network architecture, and the separation of super-resolution and color correction processes, the proposed method achieves superior VSR results compared to the state-of-the-art and can be adapted to any specific camera-ISP.      
### 31.Design of H-infinity-based Robust Controller for Single-phase Grid-feeding Voltage Source Inverters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10708.pdf)
>  This article proposes the design of H-infinity-based robust current controller for single-phase grid-feeding voltage source inverter with an LCL filter. The main objective of the proposed controller is to have good reference tracking, disturbance rejection and sufficient LCL resonance damping under a large range of variations of grid impedance. Based on the aforementioned performance requirements, frequency dependent weighting functions are designed. Subsequently, the sub-optimal control problem is formulated and solved to determine the stabilizing controller. Computational footprint of the controller is addressed for ease-of-implementability on low-cost controller boards. Finally controller hardware-in-the-loop simulations on OPAL-RT are performed in the validation stage to obtain performance guarantees of the controller. The proposed controller exhibits fast response during transients and superior reference tracking, disturbance rejection at steady-state when compared with proportional- and resonant-based current controllers.      
### 32.Robust Beamforming Design for IRS-Assisted MIMO Systems with Imperfect Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10699.pdf)
>  In this paper, large-scale intelligent reflecting surface (IRS)-assisted multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) system is considered in the presence of channel uncertainty. To maximize the average sum rate of the system by jointly optimizing the active beamforming at the BS and the passive phase shifts at the IRS, while satisfying the power constraints, a novel robust beamforming design is proposed by using the penalty dual decomposition (PDD) algorithm. In each iteration of this algorithm, the optimal solution for each variable can be obtained with closed-form expression. The convergence of this algorithm is also proved. Simulation results show that the proposed scheme achieves high performance with very low computational complexity.      
### 33.Robust Pancreatic Ductal Adenocarcinoma Segmentation with Multi-Institutional Multi-Phase Partially-Annotated CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10652.pdf)
>  Accurate and automated tumor segmentation is highly desired since it has the great potential to increase the efficiency and reproducibility of computing more complete tumor measurements and imaging biomarkers, comparing to (often partial) human measurements. This is probably the only viable means to enable the large-scale clinical oncology patient studies that utilize medical imaging. Deep learning approaches have shown robust segmentation performances for certain types of tumors, e.g., brain tumors in MRI imaging, when a training dataset with plenty of pixel-level fully-annotated tumor images is available. However, more than often, we are facing the challenge that only (very) limited annotations are feasible to acquire, especially for hard tumors. Pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma (PDAC) segmentation is one of the most challenging tumor segmentation tasks, yet critically important for clinical needs. Previous work on PDAC segmentation is limited to the moderate amounts of annotated patient images (n&lt;300) from venous or venous+arterial phase CT scans. Based on a new self-learning framework, we propose to train the PDAC segmentation model using a much larger quantity of patients (n~=1,000), with a mix of annotated and un-annotated venous or multi-phase CT images. Pseudo annotations are generated by combining two teacher models with different PDAC segmentation specialties on unannotated images, and can be further refined by a teaching assistant model that identifies associated vessels around the pancreas. A student model is trained on both manual and pseudo annotated multi-phase images. Experiment results show that our proposed method provides an absolute improvement of 6.3% Dice score over the strong baseline of nnUNet trained on annotated images, achieving the performance (Dice = 0.71) similar to the inter-observer variability between radiologists.      
### 34.String Stable Integral Control of Vehicle Platoons with Actuator Dynamics and Disturbances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10601.pdf)
>  This paper presents the design of an integral controller for vehicle platoons with actuator dynamics. The proposed controller ensures string stability with disturbances and simultaneously compensates for constant disturbances through integral action. Sufficient conditions for string stability are satisfied by the use of a suitable state transformation. The proposed controller guarantees disturbance string stability for a prescribed time constant of the actuator dynamics, and we show through simulation that platoons with faster dynamics are also made disturbance string stable.      
### 35.Medley2K: A Dataset of Medley Transitions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11159.pdf)
>  The automatic generation of medleys, i.e., musical pieces formed by different songs concatenated via smooth transitions, is not well studied in the current literature. To facilitate research on this topic, we make available a dataset called Medley2K that consists of 2,000 medleys and 7,712 labeled transitions. Our dataset features a rich variety of song transitions across different music genres. We provide a detailed description of this dataset and validate it by training a state-of-the-art generative model in the task of generating transitions between songs.      
### 36.Spatiotemporal Action Recognition in Restaurant Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11149.pdf)
>  Spatiotemporal action recognition is the task of locating and classifying actions in videos. Our project applies this task to analyzing video footage of restaurant workers preparing food, for which potential applications include automated checkout and inventory management. Such videos are quite different from the standardized datasets that researchers are used to, as they involve small objects, rapid actions, and notoriously unbalanced data classes. We explore two approaches. The first approach involves the familiar object detector You Only Look Once, and another applying a recently proposed analogue for action recognition, You Only Watch Once. In the first, we design and implement a novel, recurrent modification of YOLO using convolutional LSTMs and explore the various subtleties in the training of such a network. In the second, we study the ability of YOWOs three dimensional convolutions to capture the spatiotemporal features of our unique dataset      
### 37.Convergence of Federated Learning over a Noisy Downlink  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11141.pdf)
>  We study federated learning (FL), where power-limited wireless devices utilize their local datasets to collaboratively train a global model with the help of a remote parameter server (PS). The PS has access to the global model and shares it with the devices for local training, and the devices return the result of their local updates to the PS to update the global model. This framework requires downlink transmission from the PS to the devices and uplink transmission from the devices to the PS. The goal of this study is to investigate the impact of the bandwidth-limited shared wireless medium in both the downlink and uplink on the performance of FL with a focus on the downlink. To this end, the downlink and uplink channels are modeled as fading broadcast and multiple access channels, respectively, both with limited bandwidth. For downlink transmission, we first introduce a digital approach, where a quantization technique is employed at the PS to broadcast the global model update at a common rate such that all the devices can decode it. Next, we propose analog downlink transmission, where the global model is broadcast by the PS in an uncoded manner. We consider analog transmission over the uplink in both cases. We further analyze the convergence behavior of the proposed analog approach assuming that the uplink transmission is error-free. Numerical experiments show that the analog downlink approach provides significant improvement over the digital one, despite a significantly lower transmit power at the PS. The experimental results corroborate the convergence results, and show that a smaller number of local iterations should be used when the data distribution is more biased, and also when the devices have a better estimate of the global model in the analog downlink approach.      
### 38.Masked Face Recognition for Secure Authentication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11104.pdf)
>  With the recent world-wide COVID-19 pandemic, using face masks have become an important part of our lives. People are encouraged to cover their faces when in public area to avoid the spread of infection. The use of these face masks has raised a serious question on the accuracy of the facial recognition system used for tracking school/office attendance and to unlock phones. Many organizations use facial recognition as a means of authentication and have already developed the necessary datasets in-house to be able to deploy such a system. Unfortunately, masked faces make it difficult to be detected and recognized, thereby threatening to make the in-house datasets invalid and making such facial recognition systems inoperable. This paper addresses a methodology to use the current facial datasets by augmenting it with tools that enable masked faces to be recognized with low false-positive rates and high overall accuracy, without requiring the user dataset to be recreated by taking new pictures for authentication. We present an open-source tool, MaskTheFace to mask faces effectively creating a large dataset of masked faces. The dataset generated with this tool is then used towards training an effective facial recognition system with target accuracy for masked faces. We report an increase of 38% in the true positive rate for the Facenet system. We also test the accuracy of re-trained system on a custom real-world dataset MFR2 and report similar accuracy.      
### 39.GAN Slimming: All-in-One GAN Compression by A Unified Optimization Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11062.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks (GANs) have gained increasing popularity in various computer vision applications, and recently start to be deployed to resource-constrained mobile devices. Similar to other deep models, state-of-the-art GANs suffer from high parameter complexities. That has recently motivated the exploration of compressing GANs (usually generators). Compared to the vast literature and prevailing success in compressing deep classifiers, the study of GAN compression remains in its infancy, so far leveraging individual compression techniques instead of more sophisticated combinations. We observe that due to the notorious instability of training GANs, heuristically stacking different compression techniques will result in unsatisfactory results. To this end, we propose the first unified optimization framework combining multiple compression means for GAN compression, dubbed GAN Slimming (GS). GS seamlessly integrates three mainstream compression techniques: model distillation, channel pruning and quantization, together with the GAN minimax objective, into one unified optimization form, that can be efficiently optimized from end to end. Without bells and whistles, GS largely outperforms existing options in compressing image-to-image translation GANs. Specifically, we apply GS to compress CartoonGAN, a state-of-the-art style transfer network, by up to 47 times, with minimal visual quality degradation. Codes and pre-trained models can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TAMU-VITA/GAN-Slimming" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 40.Circuit Synthesis based on Prescribed Lagrangian  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.11013.pdf)
>  We advance here a synthesis algorithm for electric circuit based on prescribed quadratic Lagrangian, that is the circuit evolution equations are equivalent to the relevant Euler-Lagrange equations. The proposed synthesis can be viewed as a systematic approach in a realization of any finite dimensional physical system described by a Lagrangian in a lossless electric circuit so that their evolution equation are equivalent. The synthesized circuit is composed of (i) capacitors and inductors of positive or negative values for the respective capacitances and inductances, and (ii) gyrators. The circuit dynamics is governed by the relevant Euler-Lagrange (EL) equations. The circuit topological design is based on the set of LC fundamental loops (f-loops) that are coupled by GLC-links each of which is a serially connected gyrator, capacitor and inductor. The set of independent variables of the underlying Lagrangian is identified with f-loop charges defined as the time integrals of the corresponding currents. The EL equations for all f-loops account for the Kirchhoff voltage law whereas the Kirchhoff current law holds naturally as consequence of the setup of the coupled f-loops and the corresponding charges and currents. The proposed synthesis provides for efficient implementation of the desired spectral properties in an electric circuit. The synthesis provides also a way to realize arbitrary mutual capacitances and inductances through elementary capacitors and inductors of positive or negative respective capacitances and inductances.      
### 41.End-to-End Neural Transformer Based Spoken Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10984.pdf)
>  Spoken language understanding (SLU) refers to the process of inferring the semantic information from audio signals. While the neural transformers consistently deliver the best performance among the state-of-the-art neural architectures in field of natural language processing (NLP), their merits in a closely related field, i.e., spoken language understanding (SLU) have not beed investigated. In this paper, we introduce an end-to-end neural transformer-based SLU model that can predict the variable-length domain, intent, and slots vectors embedded in an audio signal with no intermediate token prediction architecture. This new architecture leverages the self-attention mechanism by which the audio signal is transformed to various sub-subspaces allowing to extract the semantic context implied by an utterance. Our end-to-end transformer SLU predicts the domains, intents and slots in the Fluent Speech Commands dataset with accuracy equal to 98.1 \%, 99.6 \%, and 99.6 \%, respectively and outperforms the SLU models that leverage a combination of recurrent and convolutional neural networks by 1.4 \% while the size of our model is 25\% smaller than that of these architectures. Additionally, due to independent sub-space projections in the self-attention layer, the model is highly parallelizable which makes it a good candidate for on-device SLU.      
### 42.Grant-Free Access: Machine Learning for Detection of Short Packets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10956.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the use of machine learning methods as an efficient alternative to correlation in performing packet detection. Targeting satellite-based massive machine type communications and internet of things scenarios, our focus is on a common channel shared among a large number of terminals via a fully asynchronous ALOHA protocol to attempt delivery of short data packets. In this setup, we test the performance of two algorithms, neural networks and random forest, which are shown to provide substantial improvements over {traditional} techniques. Excellent performance is demonstrated in terms of detection and false alarm probability also in the presence of collisions among user transmissions. The ability of machine learning to extract further information from incoming signals is also studied, discussing the possibility to classify detected preambles based on the level of interference they undergo.      
### 43.Uplink-Downlink Duality Between Multiple-Access and Broadcast Channels with Compressing Relays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10901.pdf)
>  Uplink-downlink duality refers to the fact that under a sum-power constraint, the capacity regions of a Gaussian multiple-access channel and a Gaussian broadcast channel with Hermitian transposed channel matrices are identical. This paper generalizes this result to a cooperative cellular network, in which remote access-points are deployed as relays in serving the users under the coordination of a central processor (CP). In this model, the users and the relays are connected over noisy wireless links, while the relays and the CP are connected over noiseless but rate-limited fronthaul links. Based on a Lagrangian technique, this paper establishes a duality relationship between such a multiple-access relay channel and broadcast relay channel, when the relays use compression-based strategies. Specifically, we show that under the same total transmit power constraint and individual fronthaul rate constraints, the achievable rate regions of the Gaussian multiple-access and broadcast relay channels are identical, when either independent compression or Wyner-Ziv and multivariate compression strategies are used. The key observations are that if the beamforming vectors at the relays are fixed, the sum-power minimization problems under the achievable rate and fronthaul constraints in both the uplink and the downlink can be transformed into either a linear programming or a semidefinite programming problem depending on the compression technique, and that the uplink and downlink problems are Lagrangian duals of each other. Moreover, the dual variables corresponding to the downlink rate constraints become the uplink powers; the dual variables corresponding to the downlink fronthaul constraints become the uplink quantization noises. This duality relationship enables an efficient algorithm for optimizing the downlink transmission and relaying strategies based on the uplink.      
### 44.A Critical Analysis of Patch Similarity Based Image Denoising Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10824.pdf)
>  Image denoising is a classical signal processing problem that has received significant interest within the image processing community during the past two decades. Most of the algorithms for image denoising has focused on the paradigm of non-local similarity, where image blocks in the neighborhood that are similar, are collected to build a basis for reconstruction. Through rigorous experimentation, this paper reviews multiple aspects of image denoising algorithm development based on non-local similarity. Firstly, the concept of non-local similarity as a foundational quality that exists in natural images has not received adequate attention. Secondly, the image denoising algorithms that are developed are a combination of multiple building blocks, making comparison among them a tedious task. Finally, most of the work surrounding image denoising presents performance results based on Peak-Signal-to-Noise Ratio (PSNR) between a denoised image and a reference image (which is perturbed with Additive White Gaussian Noise). This paper starts with a statistical analysis on non-local similarity and its effectiveness under various noise levels, followed by a theoretical comparison of different state-of-the-art image denoising algorithms. Finally, we argue for a methodological overhaul to incorporate no-reference image quality measures and unprocessed images (raw) during performance evaluation of image denoising algorithms.      
### 45.New Directions in Distributed Deep Learning: Bringing the Network at Forefront of IoT Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10805.pdf)
>  In this paper, we first highlight three major challenges to large-scale adoption of deep learning at the edge: (i) Hardware-constrained IoT devices, (ii) Data security and privacy in the IoT era, and (iii) Lack of network-aware deep learning algorithms for distributed inference across multiple IoT devices. We then provide a unified view targeting three research directions that naturally emerge from the above challenges: (1) Federated learning for training deep networks, (2) Data-independent deployment of learning algorithms, and (3) Communication-aware distributed inference. We believe that the above research directions need a network-centric approach to enable the edge intelligence and, therefore, fully exploit the true potential of IoT.      
### 46.Automated Trajectory Synthesis for UAV Swarms Based on Resilient Data Collection Objectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10782.pdf)
>  The use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) for collecting data from remotely located sensor systems is emerging. The data can be time-sensitive and require to be transmitted to a data processing center. However, planning the trajectory of a collaborative UAV swarm depends on multi-fold constraints, such as data collection requirements, UAV maneuvering capacity, and budget limitation. Since a UAV may fail or be compromised, it is important to provide necessary resilience to such contingencies, thus ensuring data security. It is important to provide the UAVs with efficient spatio-temporal trajectories so that they can efficiently cover necessary data sources. In this work, we present Synth4UAV, a formal approach for automated synthesis of efficient trajectories for a UAV swarm by logically modeling the aerial space and data point topology, UAV moves, and associated constraints in terms of the turning and climbing angle, fuel usage, data collection point coverage, data freshness, and resiliency properties. We use efficient, logical formulas to encode and solve the complex model. The solution to the model provides the routing and maneuvering plan for each UAV, including the time to visit the points on the paths and corresponding fuel usage such that the necessary data points are visited while satisfying the resiliency requirements. We evaluate the proposed trajectory synthesizer, and the results show that the relationship among different parameters follow the requirements while the tool scales well with the problem size.      
### 47.Image Colorization: A Survey and Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10774.pdf)
>  Image colorization is an essential image processing and computer vision branch to colorize images and videos. Recently, deep learning techniques progressed notably for image colorization. This article presents a comprehensive survey of recent state-of-the-art colorization using deep learning algorithms, describing their fundamental block architectures in terms of skip connections, input \etc as well as optimizers, loss functions, training protocols, and training data \etc Generally, we can roughly categorize the existing colorization techniques into seven classes. Besides, we also provide some additional essential issues, such as benchmark datasets and evaluation metrics. We also introduce a new dataset specific to colorization and perform an experimental evaluation of the publicly available methods. In the last section, we discuss the limitations, possible solutions, and future research directions of the rapidly evolving topic of deep image colorization that the community should further address. Dataset and Codes for evaluation will be publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/saeed-anwar/ColorSurvey" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 48.Angular Momentum about the Contact Point for Control of Bipedal Locomotion: Validation in a LIP-based Controller  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10763.pdf)
>  In the control of bipedal locomotion, linear velocity of the center of mass has been widely accepted as a primary variable for summarizing a robot's state vector. The ubiquitous massless-legged linear inverted pendulum (LIP) model is based on it. In this paper, we argue that angular momentum about the contact point has several properties that make it superior to linear velocity for feedback control. So as not to confuse the benefits of angular momentum with any other control design decisions, we first reformulate the standard LIP controller in terms of angular momentum. We then implement the resulting feedback controller on the 20 degree-of-freedom bipedal robot, Cassie Blue, where each leg accounts for nearly one-third of the robot's total mass of 35~Kg. Under this controller, the robot achieves fast walking, rapid turning while walking, large disturbance rejection, and locomotion on rough terrain. The reasoning developed in the paper is applicable to other control design philosophies, whether they be Hybrid Zero Dynamics or Reinforcement Learning.      
### 49.Residual Network Based Direct Synthesis of EM Structures: A Study on One-to-One Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10755.pdf)
>  We propose using machine learning models for the direct synthesis of on-chip electromagnetic (EM) passive structures to enable rapid or even automated designs and optimizations of RF/mm-Wave circuits. As a proof of concept, we demonstrate the direct synthesis of a 1:1 transformer on a 45nm SOI process using our proposed neural network model. Using pre-existing transformer s-parameter files and their geometric design training samples, the model predicts target geometric designs.      
### 50.Data-Driven Aerospace Engineering: Reframing the Industry with Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10740.pdf)
>  Data science, and machine learning in particular, is rapidly transforming the scientific and industrial landscapes. The aerospace industry is poised to capitalize on big data and machine learning, which excels at solving the types of multi-objective, constrained optimization problems that arise in aircraft design and manufacturing. Indeed, emerging methods in machine learning may be thought of as data-driven optimization techniques that are ideal for high-dimensional, non-convex, and constrained, multi-objective optimization problems, and that improve with increasing volumes of data. In this review, we will explore the opportunities and challenges of integrating data-driven science and engineering into the aerospace industry. Importantly, we will focus on the critical need for interpretable, generalizeable, explainable, and certifiable machine learning techniques for safety-critical applications. This review will include a retrospective, an assessment of the current state-of-the-art, and a roadmap looking forward. Recent algorithmic and technological trends will be explored in the context of critical challenges in aerospace design, manufacturing, verification, validation, and services. In addition, we will explore this landscape through several case studies in the aerospace industry. This document is the result of close collaboration between UW and Boeing to summarize past efforts and outline future opportunities.      
### 51.LULC Segmentation of RGB Satellite Image Using FCN-8  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10736.pdf)
>  This work presents use of Fully Convolutional Network (FCN-8) for semantic segmentation of high-resolution RGB earth surface satel-lite images into land use land cover (LULC) categories. Specically, we propose a non-overlapping grid-based approach to train a Fully Convo-lutional Network (FCN-8) with vgg-16 weights to segment satellite im-ages into four (forest, built-up, farmland and water) classes. The FCN-8 semantically projects the discriminating features in lower resolution learned by the encoder onto the pixel space in higher resolution to get a dense classi cation. We experimented the proposed system with Gaofen-2 image dataset, that contains 150 images of over 60 di erent cities in china. For comparison, we used available ground-truth along with images segmented using a widely used commeriial GIS software called eCogni-tion. With the proposed non-overlapping grid-based approach, FCN-8 obtains signi cantly improved performance, than the eCognition soft-ware. Our model achieves average accuracy of 91.0% and average Inter-section over Union (IoU) of 0.84. In contrast, eCognitions average accu-racy is 74.0% and IoU is 0.60. This paper also reports a detail analysis of errors occurred at the LULC boundary.      
### 52.Unsupervised Multi-Modal Representation Learning for Affective Computing with Multi-Corpus Wearable Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.10726.pdf)
>  With recent developments in smart technologies, there has been a growing focus on the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning for affective computing to further enhance the user experience through emotion recognition. Typically, machine learning models used for affective computing are trained using manually extracted features from biological signals. Such features may not generalize well for large datasets and may be sub-optimal in capturing the information from the raw input data. One approach to address this issue is to use fully supervised deep learning methods to learn latent representations of the biosignals. However, this method requires human supervision to label the data, which may be unavailable or difficult to obtain. In this work we propose an unsupervised framework reduce the reliance on human supervision. The proposed framework utilizes two stacked convolutional autoencoders to learn latent representations from wearable electrocardiogram (ECG) and electrodermal activity (EDA) signals. These representations are utilized within a random forest model for binary arousal classification. This approach reduces human supervision and enables the aggregation of datasets allowing for higher generalizability. To validate this framework, an aggregated dataset comprised of the AMIGOS, ASCERTAIN, CLEAS, and MAHNOB-HCI datasets is created. The results of our proposed method are compared with using convolutional neural networks, as well as methods that employ manual extraction of hand-crafted features. The methodology used for fusing the two modalities is also investigated. Lastly, we show that our method outperforms current state-of-the-art results that have performed arousal detection on the same datasets using ECG and EDA biosignals. The results show the wide-spread applicability for stacked convolutional autoencoders to be used with machine learning for affective computing.      
### 53.Collision Avoidance Based on Robust Lexicographic Task Assignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2002.11247.pdf)
>  Traditional task assignment approaches for multi-agent motion control do not take the possibility of collisions into account. This can lead to challenging requirements for path planning. We derive an assignment method that not only minimises the largest distance between an agent and its assigned destination but also provides local constraints for guaranteed collision avoidance. To this end, we introduce a sequential bottleneck optimisation problem and define a notion of robustness of an optimising assignment to changes of individual assignment costs. Conditioned on a sufficient level of robustness in relation to the size of the agents, we construct time-varying position bounds for every individual agent. These local constraints are a direct byproduct of the assignment procedure and only depend on the initial agent positions, the destinations that are to be visited, and a timing parameter. We prove that no agent that is assigned to move to one of the target locations collides with any other agent if all agents satisfy their local position constraints. We demonstrate the method in a illustrative case study.      
