# ArXiv eess --Mon, 31 May 2021
### 1.Distributed adaptive stabilization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.14004.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider distributed adaptive stabilization for uncertain multivariable linear systems with a time-varying diagonal matrix gain. We show that uncertain multivariable linear systems are stabilizable by diagonal matrix high gains if the system matrix is an H-matrix with positive diagonal entries. Based on matrix measure and stability theory for diagonally dominant systems, we consider two classes of uncertain linear systems, and derive a threshold condition to ensure their exponential stability by a monotonically increasing diagonal gain matrix. When each individual gain function in the matrix gain is updated by state-dependent functions using only local state information, the boundedness and convergence of both system states and adaptive matrix gains are guaranteed. We apply the adaptive distributed stabilization approach to adaptive synchronization control for large-scale complex networks consisting of nonlinear node dynamics and time-varying coupling weights. A unified framework for adaptive synchronization is proposed that includes several general design approaches for adaptive coupling weights to guarantee network synchronization.      
### 2.PTNet: A High-Resolution Infant MRI Synthesizer Based on Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13993.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) noninvasively provides critical information about how human brain structures develop across stages of life. Developmental scientists are particularly interested in the first few years of neurodevelopment. Despite the success of MRI collection and analysis for adults, it is a challenge for researchers to collect high-quality multimodal MRIs from developing infants mainly because of their irregular sleep pattern, limited attention, inability to follow instructions to stay still, and a lack of analysis approaches. These challenges often lead to a significant reduction of usable data. To address this issue, researchers have explored various solutions to replace corrupted scans through synthesizing realistic MRIs. Among them, the convolution neural network (CNN) based generative adversarial network has demonstrated promising results and achieves state-of-the-art performance. However, adversarial training is unstable and may need careful tuning of regularization terms to stabilize the training. In this study, we introduced a novel MRI synthesis framework - Pyramid Transformer Net (PTNet). PTNet consists of transformer layers, skip-connections, and multi-scale pyramid representation. Compared with the most widely used CNN-based conditional GAN models (namely pix2pix and pix2pixHD), our model PTNet shows superior performance in terms of synthesis accuracy and model size. Notably, PTNet does not require any type of adversarial training and can be easily trained using the simple mean squared error loss.      
### 3.ScalingNet: extracting features from raw EEG data for emotion recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13987.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs) has achieved remarkable performance breakthrough in a variety of tasks. Recently, CNNs based methods that are fed with hand-extracted EEG features gradually produce a powerful performance on the EEG data based emotion recognition task. In this paper, we propose a novel convolutional layer allowing to adaptively extract effective data-driven spectrogram-like features from raw EEG signals, which we reference as scaling layer. Further, it leverages convolutional kernels scaled from one data-driven pattern to exposed a frequency-like dimension to address the shortcomings of prior methods requiring hand-extracted features or their approximations. The proposed neural network architecture based on the scaling layer, references as ScalingNet, has achieved the state-of-the-art result across the established DEAP benchmark dataset.      
### 4.Differential Chaos Shift Keying-based Wireless Power Transfer with Nonlinearities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13966.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate conventional communication-based chaotic waveforms in the context of wireless power transfer (WPT). Particularly, we present a differential chaos shift keying (DCSK)-based WPT architecture, that employs an analog correlator at the receiver, in order to boost the energy harvesting (EH) performance. We take into account the nonlinearities of the EH process and derive closed-form analytical expressions for the harvested direct current (DC) under a generalized Nakagami-m block fading model. We show that, in this framework, both the peak-to-average-power-ratio of the received signal and the harvested DC, depend on the parameters of the transmitted waveform. Furthermore, we investigate the case of deterministic unmodulated chaotic waveforms and demonstrate that, in the absence of a correlator, modulation does not affect the achieved harvested DC. On the other hand, it is shown that for scenarios with a correlator-aided receiver, DCSK significantly outperforms the unmodulated case. Based on this observation, we propose a novel DCSK-based signal design, which further enhances the WPT capability of the proposed architecture; corresponding analytical expressions for the harvested DC are also derived. Our results demonstrate that the proposed architecture and the associated signal design, can achieve significant EH gains in DCSK-based WPT systems. Furthermore, we also show that, even by taking into account the nonlinearities at the transmitter amplifier, the proposed chaotic waveform performs significantly better in terms of EH, when compared with the existing multisine signals.      
### 5.Reset control systems: the zero-crossing resetting law  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13950.pdf)
>  A novel representation of reset control systems with a zero-crossing resetting law, in the framework of hybrid inclusions, is postulated. The problems of well-posedness and stability of the resulting hybrid dynamical system are investigated, with a strong motivation in how non-deterministic behavior is accomplished in control practice. Several stability conditions, based on the eigenstructure of matrices related with periods of the reset interval sequences, and on Lyapunov function-based conditions, are developed.      
### 6.An Unsupervised Optical Flow Estimation For LiDAR Image Sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13879.pdf)
>  In recent years, the LiDAR images, as a 2D compact representation of 3D LiDAR point clouds, are widely applied in various tasks, e.g., 3D semantic segmentation, LiDAR point cloud compression (PCC). Among these works, the optical flow estimation for LiDAR image sequences has become a key issue, especially for the motion estimation of the inter prediction in PCC. However, the existing optical flow estimation models are likely to be unreliable for LiDAR images. In this work, we first propose a light-weight flow estimation model for LiDAR image sequences. The key novelty of our method lies in two aspects. One is that for the different characteristics (with the spatial-variation feature distribution) of the LiDAR images w.r.t. the normal color images, we introduce the attention mechanism into our model to improve the quality of the estimated flow. The other one is that to tackle the lack of large-scale LiDAR-image annotations, we present an unsupervised method, which directly minimizes the inconsistency between the reference image and the reconstructed image based on the estimated optical flow. Extensive experimental results have shown that our proposed model outperforms other mainstream models on the KITTI dataset, with much fewer parameters.      
### 7.DiffSVC: A Diffusion Probabilistic Model for Singing Voice Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13871.pdf)
>  Singing voice conversion (SVC) is one promising technique which can enrich the way of human-computer interaction by endowing a computer the ability to produce high-fidelity and expressive singing voice. In this paper, we propose DiffSVC, an SVC system based on denoising diffusion probabilistic model. DiffSVC uses phonetic posteriorgrams (PPGs) as content features. A denoising module is trained in DiffSVC, which takes destroyed mel spectrogram produced by the diffusion/forward process and its corresponding step information as input to predict the added Gaussian noise. We use PPGs, fundamental frequency features and loudness features as auxiliary input to assist the denoising process. Experiments show that DiffSVC can achieve superior conversion performance in terms of naturalness and voice similarity to current state-of-the-art SVC approaches.      
### 8.Inaccuracy matters: accounting for solution accuracy in event-triggered nonlinear model predictive control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13799.pdf)
>  We consider the effect of using approximate system predictions in event-triggered control schemes. Such approximations may result from using numerical transcription methods for solving continuous-time optimal control problems. Mesh refinement can guarantee upper bounds on the error in the differential equations which model the system dynamics. With the accuracy guarantees of a mesh refinement scheme, we show that the proposed event-triggering scheme -- which compares the measured system with approximate state predictions -- can be used with a guaranteed strictly positive inter-update time. We show that if we have knowledge of the employed transcription scheme or the approximation errors, then we can obtain better online estimates of inter-update times. We additionally detail a method of tightening constraints on the approximate system trajectory used in the nonlinear programming problem to guarantee constraint satisfaction of the continuous-time system. This is the first work to incorporate prediction accuracy in triggering metrics. Using the solution accuracy we can guarantee reliable lower bounds for inter-update times and perform solution dependent constraint tightening.      
### 9.A systematic review of transfer learning based approaches for diabetic retinopathy detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13793.pdf)
>  Cases of diabetes and related diabetic retinopathy (DR) have been increasing at an alarming rate in modern times. Early detection of DR is an important problem since it may cause permanent blindness in the late stages. In the last two decades, many different approaches have been applied in DR detection. Reviewing academic literature shows that deep neural networks (DNNs) have become the most preferred approach for DR detection. Among these DNN approaches, Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models are the most used ones in the field of medical image classification. Designing a new CNN architecture is a tedious and time-consuming approach. Additionally, training an enormous number of parameters is also a difficult task. Due to this reason, instead of training CNNs from scratch, using pre-trained models has been suggested in recent years as transfer learning approach. Accordingly, the present study as a review focuses on DNN and Transfer Learning based applications of DR detection considering 38 publications between 2015 and 2020. The published papers are summarized using 9 figures and 10 tables, giving information about 22 pre-trained CNN models, 12 DR data sets and standard performance metrics.      
### 10.SafeAMC: Adversarial training for robust modulation recognition models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13746.pdf)
>  In communication systems, there are many tasks, like modulation recognition, which rely on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) models. However, these models have been shown to be susceptible to adversarial perturbations, namely imperceptible additive noise crafted to induce misclassification. This raises questions about the security but also the general trust in model predictions. We propose to use adversarial training, which consists of fine-tuning the model with adversarial perturbations, to increase the robustness of automatic modulation recognition (AMC) models. We show that current state-of-the-art models benefit from adversarial training, which mitigates the robustness issues for some families of modulations. We use adversarial perturbations to visualize the features learned, and we found that in robust models the signal symbols are shifted towards the nearest classes in constellation space, like maximum likelihood methods. This confirms that robust models not only are more secure, but also more interpretable, building their decisions on signal statistics that are relevant to modulation recognition.      
### 11.Control Architecture of the Double-Cross-Correlation Processor for Sampling-Rate-Offset Estimation in Acoustic Sensor Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13743.pdf)
>  Distributed hardware of acoustic sensor networks bears inconsistency of local sampling frequencies, which is detrimental to signal processing. Fundamentally, sampling rate offset (SRO) nonlinearly relates the discrete-time signals acquired by different sensor nodes. As such, retrieval of SRO from the available signals requires nonlinear estimation, like double-cross-correlation processing (DXCP), and frequently results in biased estimation. SRO compensation by asynchronous sampling rate conversion (ASRC) on the signals then leaves an unacceptable residual. As a remedy to this problem, multi-stage procedures have been devised to diminish the SRO residual with multiple iterations of SRO estimation and ASRC over the entire signal. This paper converts the mechanism of offline multi-stage processing into a continuous feedback-control loop comprising a controlled ASRC unit followed by an online implementation of DXCP-based SRO estimation. To support the design of an optimum internal model control unit for this closed-loop system, the paper deploys an analytical dynamical model of the proposed online DXCP. The resulting control architecture then merely applies a single treatment of each signal frame, while efficiently diminishing SRO bias with time. Evaluations with both speech and Gaussian input demonstrate that the high accuracy of multi-stage processing is maintained at the low complexity of single-stage (open-loop) processing.      
### 12.Low-complexity acoustic scene classification for multi-device audio: analysis of DCASE 2021 Challenge systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13734.pdf)
>  This paper presents the details of Task 1A Acoustic Scene Classification in the DCASE 2021 Challenge. The task consisted of classification of data from multiple devices, requiring good generalization properties, using low-complexity solutions. The provided baseline system is based on a CNN architecture and post-training parameters quantization. The system is trained using all the available training data, without any specific technique for handling device mismatch, and obtains an overall accuracy of 47.7%, with a log loss of 1.473. Details on the challenge results will be added after the challenge deadline.      
### 13.Audio-visual scene classification: analysis of DCASE 2021 Challenge submissions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13675.pdf)
>  This paper presents the details of the Audio-Visual Scene Classification task in the DCASE 2021 Challenge (Task 1 Subtask B). The task is concerned with classification using audio and video modalities, using a dataset of synchronized recordings. Here we describe the datasets and baseline systems. After the challenge submission deadline, challenge results and analysis of the submissions will be added.      
### 14.Grouped Variable Selection for Generalized Eigenvalue Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13667.pdf)
>  Many problems require the selection of a subset of variables from a full set of optimization variables. The computational complexity of an exhaustive search over all possible subsets of variables is, however, prohibitively expensive, necessitating more efficient but potentially suboptimal search strategies. We focus on sparse variable selection for generalized Rayleigh quotient optimization and generalized eigenvalue problems. Such problems often arise in the signal processing field, e.g., in the design of optimal data-dependent filters. We extend and generalize existing work on convex optimization-based variable selection using semi-definite relaxations toward group-sparse variable selection using the $\ell_{1,\infty}$-norm. This group-sparsity allows, for instance, to perform sensor selection for spatio-temporal (instead of purely spatial) filters, and to select variables based on multiple generalized eigenvectors instead of only the dominant one. Furthermore, we extensively compare our method to state-of-the-art methods for sensor selection for spatio-temporal filter design in a simulated sensor network setting. The results show both the proposed algorithm and backward greedy selection method best approximate the exhaustive solution. However, the backward greedy selection has more specific failure cases, in particular for ill-conditioned covariance matrices. As such, the proposed algorithm is the most robust available method for group-sparse variable selection in generalized eigenvalue problems.      
### 15.Hybrid Beamforming for Intelligent Reflecting Surface Aided Millimeter Wave MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13647.pdf)
>  While communication systems that employ millimeter wave (mmWave) frequency bands can support extremely high data rates, they must use large antenna arrays in order to overcome the severe propagation loss of mmWave signals. As the cost of traditional fully-digital beamforming at baseband increases rapidly with the number of antennas, hybrid beamforming that requires only a small number of radio frequency (RF) chains has been considered as a key enabling technology for mmWave communications. Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) is another innovative technology that has been proposed as an integral element of future communication systems, establishing the favorable propagation environment in a timely manner through the use of low-cost passive reflecting elements. In this paper, we study IRS-aided mmWave multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems with hybrid beamforming architectures. We first propose the joint design of IRS reflection pattern and hybrid beamformer for narrowband MIMO systems. Then, by exploiting the sparsity of frequency-selective mmWave channels in the angular domain, we generalize the proposed joint design to broadband MIMO systems with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) modulation. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed joint designs can significantly enhance the spectral efficiency of the systems of interest and achieve superior performance over the existing designs.      
### 16.On-site Online Feature Selection for Classification of Switchgear Actuations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13639.pdf)
>  As connected sensors continue to evolve, interest in low-voltage monitoring solutions is increasing. This also applies in the area of switchgear monitoring, where the detection of switch actions, their differentiation and aging are of fundamental interest. In particular, the universal applicability for various types of construction plays a major role. Methods in which design-specific features are learned in an offline training are therefore less suitable for assessing the condition of switchgears. A new computational efficient method for intelligent online feature selection is presented, which can be used to train a model for the addressed use cases on-site. Process- and design-specific features can be learned locally (e.g. on a sensor system) without the need of prior offline training. The proposed method is evaluated on four datasets of switchgear measurements, which were recorded using microelectromechanical system (MEMS) based sensors (acoustic and vibration). Furthermore, we show that the features selected by our method can be used to track changes in switching processes due to aging effects.      
### 17.End-to-End Deep Fault Tolerant Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13598.pdf)
>  Ideally, accurate sensor measurements are needed to achieve a good performance in the closed-loop control of mechatronic systems. As a consequence, sensor faults will prevent the system from working correctly, unless a fault-tolerant control (FTC) architecture is adopted. As model-based FTC algorithms for nonlinear systems are often challenging to design, this paper focuses on a new method for FTC in the presence of sensor faults, based on deep learning. The considered approach replaces the phases of fault detection and isolation and controller design with a single recurrent neural network, which has the value of past sensor measurements in a given time window as input, and the current values of the control variables as output. This end-to-end deep FTC method is applied to a mechatronic system composed of a spherical inverted pendulum, whose configuration is changed via reaction wheels, in turn actuated by electric motors. The simulation and experimental results show that the proposed method can handle abrupt faults occurring in link position/velocity sensors. The provided supplementary material includes a video of real-world experiments and the software source code.      
### 18.A Low-Complexity Method for FFT-based OFDM Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13596.pdf)
>  OFDM sensing is gaining increasing popularity in wideband radar applications as well as in joint communication and radar/radio sensing (JCAS). As JCAS will potentially be integrated into future mobile networks where OFDM is crucial, OFDM sensing is envisioned to be ubiquitously deployed. A fast Fourier transform (FFT) based OFDM sensing (FOS) method was proposed a decade ago and has been regarded as a de facto standard given its simplicity. In this article, we introduce an easy trick -- a pre-processing on target echo -- to further reduce the computational complexity of FOS without degrading key sensing performance. Underlying the trick is a newly disclosed feature of the target echo in OFDM sensing which, to the best of our knowledge, has not been effectively exploited yet.      
### 19.Accurate Frequency Estimation with Fewer DFT Interpolations based on Padé Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13567.pdf)
>  Frequency estimation is a fundamental problem in many areas. The well-known A&amp;M and its variant estimators have established an estimation framework by iteratively interpolating the discrete Fourier transform (DFT) coefficients. In general, those estimators require two DFT interpolations per iteration, have uneven initial estimation performance against frequencies, and are incompetent for small sample numbers due to low-order approximations involved. Exploiting the iterative estimation framework of A&amp;M, we unprecedentedly introduce the Padé approximation to frequency estimation, unveil some features about the updating function used for refining the estimation in each iteration, and develop a simple closed-form solution to solving the residual estimation error. Extensive simulation results are provided, validating the superiority of the new estimator over the state-the-art estimators in wide ranges of key parameters.      
### 20.ECG Heart-beat Classification Using Multimodal Image Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13536.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel Image Fusion Model (IFM) for ECG heart-beat classification to overcome the weaknesses of existing machine learning techniques that rely either on manual feature extraction or direct utilization of 1D raw ECG signal. At the input of IFM, we first convert the heart beats of ECG into three different images using Gramian Angular Field (GAF), Recurrence Plot (RP) and Markov Transition Field (MTF) and then fuse these images to create a single imaging modality. We use AlexNet for feature extraction and classification and thus employ end to end deep learning. We perform experiments on PhysioNet MIT-BIH dataset for five different arrhythmias in accordance with the AAMI EC57 standard and on PTB diagnostics dataset for myocardial infarction (MI) classification. We achieved an state of an art results in terms of prediction accuracy, precision and recall.      
### 21.Essential System Services in Grids Dominated by Renewable Energy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13534.pdf)
>  As the proportion of variable inverter-based renewable energy generation in electricity systems increases from a minority to the majority of total supply, the complexity and cost of providing ancillary system services increases in parallel. Australia is experiencing this shift now - from having the third most carbon-intensive electricity sector in the world in 2010, to now having penetrations of variable renewable energy (VRE) regularly reaching 100 percent in some regions, with world-leading uptake of distributed energy resources (DER). This paper presents pioneering work exploring new technical, economic and regulatory frameworks for the provision of Essential System Services (ESS), also known as ancillary services, in power systems dominated by variable inverter-based renewable energy resources. We explore the recent application of the concept of demand curves and nomograms to the procurement of ESS, and emerging design principles for frameworks in facilitating the evolution from default provision of system services by synchronous generation, to co-optimisation of services through unit commitment, to independent provision of services through inverter based resources. The paper also analyses the recent technical and financial success of the world's largest battery, the Hornsdale Power Reserve in South Australia, and its ability to inform how future electricity market frameworks may incentivize and accommodate new technological capability, both first and Nth of a kind systems. Finally, the paper reviews emerging energy system technological capability, including the provision of synthetic inertia and RoCoF control, grid-forming inverters, and advanced DER aggregation in providing ESS and system restart capability for secure, resilient and island-able grids.      
### 22.Reduced Complexity Neural Network Equalizers for Two-dimensional Magnetic Recording  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13508.pdf)
>  Recent studies show promising performance gains achieved by non-linear equalization using neural networks (NNs) over traditional linear equalization in two-dimensional magnetic recording (TDMR) channels. But the examined neural network architectures entail much higher implementation complexities compared with the linear equalizer, which precludes practical implementation. For example, among the low complexity reported architectures, the multilayer perceptron (MLP) requires about 6.6 times increase in complexity over the linear equalizer. This paper investigates candidate reduced complexity neural network architectures for equalization over TDMR. We test the performance on readback signals measured over an actual hard disk drive with TDMR technology. Four variants of a reduced complexity MLP (RC-MLP) architecture are proposed. A proposed variant achieves the best balance between performance and complexity. This architecture consists of finite-impulse response filters, a non-linear activation, and a hidden delay line. The complexity of the architecture is only 1.59 times the linear equalizer's complexity, while achieving most of the performance gains of the MLP.      
### 23.Wireless for Control: Over-the-Air Controller  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13503.pdf)
>  In closed-loop wireless control systems, the state-of-the-art approach prescribes that a controller receives by wireless communications the individual sensor measurements, and then sends the computed control signal to the actuators. We propose an over-the-air controller scheme where all sensors attached to the plant simultaneously transmit scaled sensing signals directly to the actuator; then the feedback control signal is computed partially over the air and partially by a scaling operation at the actuator. Such over-the-air controller essentially adopts the over-the-air computation concept to compute the control signal for closed-loop wireless control systems. In contrast to the state-of-the-art sensor-to-controller and controller-to-actuator communication approach, the over-the-air controller exploits the superposition properties of multiple-access wireless channels to complete the communication and computation of a large number of sensing signals in a single communication resource unit. Therefore, the proposed scheme can obtain significant benefits in terms of low actuation delay and low wireless resource utilization by a simple network architecture that does not require a dedicated controller. Numerical results show that our proposed over-the-air controller achieves a huge widening of the stability region in terms of sampling time and delay, and a significant reduction of the computation error of the control signal.      
### 24.Branching Dueling Q-Network Based Online Scheduling of a Microgrid With Distributed Energy Storage Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13497.pdf)
>  This letter investigates a Branching Dueling Q-Network (BDQ) based online operation strategy for a microgrid with distributed battery energy storage systems (BESSs) operating under uncertainties. The developed deep reinforcement learning (DRL) based microgrid online optimization strategy can achieve a linear increase in the number of neural network outputs with the number of distributed BESSs, which overcomes the curse of dimensionality caused by the charge and discharge decisions of multiple BESSs. Numerical simulations validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 25.A comparison between central- and self-dispatch storage management principles in island systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13458.pdf)
>  This paper presents a comparative evaluation of central and self-dispatch management concepts for battery energy storage (BES) facilities in island power systems with a high renewable energy source (RES) penetration. BES facilities deployed to support the integration of additional wind capacity can be either centrally dispatched by the island System Operator or they can be self-dispatched within a Virtual Power Plant entity comprising renewables and storage, called a Hybrid Power Station (HPS). To explore the anticipated benefits of each BES management paradigm, annual simulations are performed for an example island system, employing a three-layer mixed integer linear programming (MILP) method to simulate the unit commitment and economic dispatch processes. The levelized cost of energy (LCOE) of combined BES and renewables investments is calculated and the achieved RES penetration levels and island system generation cost are evaluated, allowing the identification of Pareto optimal storage configurations, leading to lowest LCOE for a given RES penetration target. Overall, the centrally dispatched BES systems prove to be substantially more cost-effective, compared to the self-dispatched alternative, for achieving similar RES penetration levels.      
### 26.Millimeter Wave Analog Beamforming Codebooks Robust to Self-Interference  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13450.pdf)
>  This paper develops a novel methodology for designing analog beamforming codebooks for full-duplex millimeter wave (mmWave) transceivers, the first such codebooks to the best of our knowledge. Our design reduces the self-interference coupled by transmit-receive beam pairs and simultaneously delivers high beamforming gain over desired coverage regions, allowing mmWave full-duplex systems to support beam alignment while minimizing self-interference. To do so, our methodology allows some variability in beamforming gain to strategically shape beams that reject self-interference while still having substantial gain. We present an algorithm for approximately solving our codebook design problem while accounting for the non-convexity posed by digitally-controlled phase shifters and attenuators. Numerical results suggest that our design can outperform or nearly match existing codebooks in sum spectral efficiency across a wide range of self-interference power levels. Results show that our design offers an extra 20-50 dB of robustness to self-interference, depending on hardware constraints.      
### 27.Observability Conditions and Sensing Quality for Unicycle Systems with Constant External Forcing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13423.pdf)
>  In certain systems which are subject to significant constant external forcing such as an airplane in wind or an underwater glider in ocean currents, the ability to detect the forcing depends on both the measurements available and whether appropriate control is being applied. Using analytical nonlinear observability techniques, we define the necessary characteristics required of a measurement function for systems with unicycle dynamics subject to constant forcing to be observable. We further consider the necessary associated motion characteristics required of this class of systems to enable the desired sensing capabilities. We then apply these results in combination with the empirical Gramian to quantify relative observability, optimal sensor selection, and sensing quality for different motion primitive modes for a Dubins path.      
### 28.Augmented Networks for Faster Brain Metastases Detection in T1-Weighted Contrast-Enhanced 3D MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13406.pdf)
>  Early detection of brain metastases (BM) is one of the determining factors for the successful treatment of patients with cancer; however, the accurate detection of small BM lesions (&lt; 15mm) remains a challenging task. We previously described a framework for the detection of small BM in single-sequence gadolinium-enhanced T1-weighted 3D MRI datasets. It combined classical image processing (IP) with a dedicated convolutional neural network, taking approximately 30 seconds to process each dataset due to computation-intensive IP stages. To overcome the speed limitation, this study aims to reformulate the framework via an augmented pair of CNNs (eliminating the IP) to reduce the processing times while preserving the BM detection performance. Our previous implementation of the BM detection algorithm utilized Laplacian of Gaussians (LoG) for the candidate selection portion of the solution. In this study, we introduce a novel BM candidate detection CNN (cdCNN) to replace this classical IP stage. The network is formulated to have (1) a similar receptive field as the LoG method, and (2) a bias for the detection of BM lesion loci. The proposed CNN is later augmented with a classification CNN to perform the BM detection task. The cdCNN achieved 97.4% BM detection sensitivity when producing 60K candidates per 3D MRI dataset, while the LoG achieved 96.5% detection sensitivity with 73K candidates. The augmented BM detection framework generated on average 9.20 false-positive BM detections per patient for 90% sensitivity, which is comparable with our previous results. However, it processes each 3D data in 1.9 seconds, presenting a 93.5% reduction in the computation time.      
### 29.Improving Generalization in Mountain Car Through the Partitioned Parameterized Policy Approach via Quasi-Stochastic Gradient Descent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13986.pdf)
>  The reinforcement learning problem of finding a control policy that minimizes the minimum time objective for the Mountain Car environment is considered. Particularly, a class of parameterized nonlinear feedback policies is optimized over to reach the top of the highest mountain peak in minimum time. The optimization is carried out using quasi-Stochastic Gradient Descent (qSGD) methods. In attempting to find the optimal minimum time policy, a new parameterized policy approach is considered that seeks to learn an optimal policy parameter for different regions of the state space, rather than rely on a single macroscopic policy parameter for the entire state space. This partitioned parameterized policy approach is shown to outperform the uniform parameterized policy approach and lead to greater generalization than prior methods, where the Mountain Car became trapped in circular trajectories in the state space.      
### 30.Differentiable Artificial Reverberation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13940.pdf)
>  We propose differentiable artificial reverberation (DAR), a family of artificial reverberation (AR) models implemented in a deep learning framework. Combined with the modern deep neural networks (DNNs), the differentiable structure of DAR allows training loss gradients to be back-propagated in an end-to-end manner. Most of the AR models bottleneck training speed when implemented "as is" in the time domain and executed with a parallel processor like GPU due to their infinite impulse response (IIR) filter components. We tackle this by further developing a recently proposed acceleration technique, which borrows the frequency-sampling method (FSM). With the proposed DAR models, we aim to solve an artificial reverberation parameter (ARP) estimation task in a unified approach. We design an ARP estimation network applicable to both analysis-synthesis (RIR-to-ARP) and blind estimation (reverberant-speech-to-ARP) tasks. And using different DAR models only requires slightly a different decoder configuration. This way, the proposed DAR framework overcomes the previous methods' limitations of task-dependency and AR-model-dependency.      
### 31.Training of SSD(Single Shot Detector) for Facial Detection using Nvidia Jetson Nano  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13906.pdf)
>  In this project, we have used the computer vision algorithm SSD (Single Shot detector) computer vision algorithm and trained this algorithm from the dataset which consists of 139 Pictures. Images were labeled using Intel CVAT (Computer Vision Annotation Tool) <br>We trained this model for facial detection. We have deployed our trained model and software in the Nvidia Jetson Nano Developer kit. Model code is written in Pytorch's deep learning framework. The programming language used is Python.      
### 32.Demotivate adversarial defense in remote sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13902.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks are currently the state-of-the-art algorithms for many remote sensing applications such as semantic segmentation or object detection. However, these algorithms are extremely sensitive to over-fitting, domain change and adversarial examples specifically designed to fool them. While adversarial attacks are not a threat in most remote sensing applications, one could wonder if strengthening networks to adversarial attacks could also increase their resilience to over-fitting and their ability to deal with the inherent variety of worldwide data. In this work, we study both adversarial retraining and adversarial regularization as adversarial defenses to this purpose. However, we show through several experiments on public remote sensing datasets that adversarial robustness seems uncorrelated to geographic and over-fitting robustness.      
### 33.Video-rate multispectral imaging in laparoscopic surgery: First-in-human application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13901.pdf)
>  Multispectral and hyperspectral imaging (MSI/HSI) can provide clinically relevant information on morphological and functional tissue properties. Application in the operating room (OR), however, has so far been limited by complex hardware setups and slow acquisition times. To overcome these limitations, we propose a novel imaging system for video-rate spectral imaging in the clinical workflow. The system integrates a small snapshot multispectral camera with a standard laparoscope and a clinically commonly used light source, enabling the recording of multispectral images with a spectral dimension of 16 at a frame rate of 25 Hz. An ongoing in patient study shows that multispectral recordings from this system can help detect perfusion changes in partial nephrectomy surgery, thus opening the doors to a wide range of clinical applications.      
### 34.SalientSleepNet: Multimodal Salient Wave Detection Network for Sleep Staging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13864.pdf)
>  Sleep staging is fundamental for sleep assessment and disease diagnosis. Although previous attempts to classify sleep stages have achieved high classification performance, several challenges remain open: 1) How to effectively extract salient waves in multimodal sleep data; 2) How to capture the multi-scale transition rules among sleep stages; 3) How to adaptively seize the key role of specific modality for sleep staging. To address these challenges, we propose SalientSleepNet, a multimodal salient wave detection network for sleep staging. Specifically, SalientSleepNet is a temporal fully convolutional network based on the $\rm U^2$-Net architecture that is originally proposed for salient object detection in computer vision. It is mainly composed of two independent $\rm U^2$-like streams to extract the salient features from multimodal data, respectively. Meanwhile, the multi-scale extraction module is designed to capture multi-scale transition rules among sleep stages. Besides, the multimodal attention module is proposed to adaptively capture valuable information from multimodal data for the specific sleep stage. Experiments on the two datasets demonstrate that SalientSleepNet outperforms the state-of-the-art baselines. It is worth noting that this model has the least amount of parameters compared with the existing deep neural network models.      
### 35.Grey-box models for wave loading prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13813.pdf)
>  The quantification of wave loading on offshore structures and components is a crucial element in the assessment of their useful remaining life. In many applications the well-known Morison's equation is employed to estimate the forcing from waves with assumed particle velocities and accelerations. This paper develops a grey-box modelling approach to improve the predictions of the force on structural members. A grey-box model intends to exploit the enhanced predictive capabilities of data-based modelling whilst retaining physical insight into the behaviour of the system; in the context of the work carried out here, this can be considered as physics-informed machine learning. There are a number of possible approaches to establish a grey-box model. This paper demonstrates two means of combining physics (white box) and data-based (black box) components; one where the model is a simple summation of the two components, the second where the white-box prediction is fed into the black box as an additional input. Here Morison's equation is used as the physics-based component in combination with a data-based Gaussian process NARX - a dynamic variant of the more well-known Gaussian process regression. Two key challenges with employing the GP-NARX formulation that are addressed here are the selection of appropriate lag terms and the proper treatment of uncertainty propagation within the dynamic GP. The best performing grey-box model, the residual modelling GP-NARX, was able to achieve a 29.13\% and 5.48\% relative reduction in NMSE over Morison's Equation and a black-box GP-NARX respectively, alongside significant benefits in extrapolative capabilities of the model, in circumstances of low dataset coverage.      
### 36.DIVE: End-to-end Speech Diarization via Iterative Speaker Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13802.pdf)
>  We introduce DIVE, an end-to-end speaker diarization algorithm. Our neural algorithm presents the diarization task as an iterative process: it repeatedly builds a representation for each speaker before predicting the voice activity of each speaker conditioned on the extracted representations. This strategy intrinsically resolves the speaker ordering ambiguity without requiring the classical permutation invariant training loss. In contrast with prior work, our model does not rely on pretrained speaker representations and optimizes all parameters of the system with a multi-speaker voice activity loss. Importantly, our loss explicitly excludes unreliable speaker turn boundaries from training, which is adapted to the standard collar-based Diarization Error Rate (DER) evaluation. Overall, these contributions yield a system redefining the state-of-the-art on the standard CALLHOME benchmark, with 6.7% DER compared to 7.8% for the best alternative.      
### 37.Voice Activity Detection for Ultrasound-based Silent Speech Interfaces using Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13718.pdf)
>  Voice Activity Detection (VAD) is not easy task when the input audio signal is noisy, and it is even more complicated when the input is not even an audio recording. This is the case with Silent Speech Interfaces (SSI) where we record the movement of the articulatory organs during speech, and we aim to reconstruct the speech signal from this recording. Our SSI system synthesizes speech from ultrasonic videos of the tongue movement, and the quality of the resulting speech signals are evaluated by metrics such as the mean squared error loss function of the underlying neural network and the Mel-Cepstral Distortion (MCD) of the reconstructed speech compared to the original. Here, we first demonstrate that the amount of silence in the training data can have an influence both on the MCD evaluation metric and on the performance of the neural network model. Then, we train a convolutional neural network classifier to separate silent and speech-containing ultrasound tongue images, using a conventional VAD algorithm to create the training labels from the corresponding speech signal. In the experiments our ultrasound-based speech/silence separator achieved a classification accuracy of about 85\% and an AUC score around 86\%.      
### 38.Coverage Analysis of Cellular-Connected UAV Communications with 3GPP Antenna and Channel Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13717.pdf)
>  For reliable and efficient communications of aerial platforms, such as unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), the cellular network is envisioned to provide connectivity for the aerial and ground user equipment (GUE) simultaneously, which brings challenges to the existing pattern of the base station (BS) tailored for ground-level services. Thus, we focus on the coverage probability analysis to investigate the coexistence of aerial and terrestrial users, by employing realistic antenna and channel models reported in the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP). The homogeneous Poisson point process (PPP) is used to describe the BS distribution, and the BS antenna is adjustable in the down-tilted angle and the number of the antenna array. Meantime, omnidirectional antennas are used for cellular users. We first derive the approximation of coverage probability and then conduct numerous simulations to evaluate the impacts of antenna numbers, down-tilted angles, carrier frequencies, and user heights. One of the essential findings indicates that the coverage probabilities of high-altitude users become less sensitive to the down-tilted angle. Moreover, we found that the aerial user equipment (AUE) in a certain range of heights can achieve the same or better coverage probability than that of GUE, which provides an insight into the effective deployment of cellular-connected aerial communications.      
### 39.A nearly Blackwell-optimal policy gradient method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13609.pdf)
>  For continuing environments, reinforcement learning methods commonly maximize a discounted reward criterion with discount factor close to 1 in order to approximate the steady-state reward (the gain). However, such a criterion only considers the long-run performance, ignoring the transient behaviour. In this work, we develop a policy gradient method that optimizes the gain, then the bias (which indicates the transient performance and is important to capably select from policies with equal gain). We derive expressions that enable sampling for the gradient of the bias, and its preconditioning Fisher matrix. We further propose an algorithm that solves the corresponding bi-level optimization using a logarithmic barrier. Experimental results provide insights into the fundamental mechanisms of our proposal.      
### 40.MODISSA: a multipurpose platform for the prototypical realization of vehicle-related applications using optical sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13580.pdf)
>  We present the current state of development of the sensor-equipped car MODISSA, with which Fraunhofer IOSB realizes a configurable experimental platform for hardware evaluation and software development in the context of mobile mapping and vehicle-related safety and protection. MODISSA is based on a van that has successively been equipped with a variety of optical sensors over the past few years, and contains hardware for complete raw data acquisition, georeferencing, real-time data analysis, and immediate visualization on in-car displays. We demonstrate the capabilities of MODISSA by giving a deeper insight into experiments with its specific configuration in the scope of three different applications. Other research groups can benefit from these experiences when setting up their own mobile sensor system, especially regarding the selection of hardware and software, the knowledge of possible sources of error, and the handling of the acquired sensor data.      
### 41.Inertial Sensor Data To Image Encoding For Human Action Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13533.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) are successful deep learning models in the field of computer vision. To get the maximum advantage of CNN model for Human Action Recognition (HAR) using inertial sensor data, in this paper, we use 4 types of spatial domain methods for transforming inertial sensor data to activity images, which are then utilized in a novel fusion framework. These four types of activity images are Signal Images (SI), Gramian Angular Field (GAF) Images, Markov Transition Field (MTF) Images and Recurrence Plot (RP) Images. Furthermore, for creating a multimodal fusion framework and to exploit activity image, we made each type of activity images multimodal by convolving with two spatial domain filters : Prewitt filter and High-boost filter. Resnet-18, a CNN model, is used to learn deep features from multi-modalities. Learned features are extracted from the last pooling layer of each ReNet and then fused by canonical correlation based fusion (CCF) for improving the accuracy of human action recognition. These highly informative features are served as input to a multiclass Support Vector Machine (SVM). Experimental results on three publicly available inertial datasets show the superiority of the proposed method over the current state-of-the-art.      
### 42.Feedback Linearization for Quadrotors with a Learned Acceleration Error Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13527.pdf)
>  This paper enhances the feedback linearization controller for multirotors with a learned acceleration error model and a thrust input delay mitigation model. Feedback linearization controllers are theoretically appealing but their performance suffers on real systems, where the true system does not match the known system model. We take a step in reducing these robustness issues by learning an acceleration error model, applying this model in the position controller, and further propagating it forward to the attitude controller. We show how this approach improves performance over the standard feedback linearization controller in the presence of unmodeled dynamics and repeatable external disturbances in both simulation and hardware experiments. We also show that our thrust control input delay model improves the step response on hardware systems.      
### 43.Exploitation vs Caution: Risk-sensitive Policies for Offline Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13431.pdf)
>  Offline model learning for planning is a branch of machine learning that trains agents to perform actions in an unknown environment using a fixed batch of previously collected experiences. The limited size of the data set hinders the estimate of the Value function of the relative Markov Decision Process (MDP), bounding the performance of the obtained policy in the real world. In this context, recent works showed that planning with a discount factor lower than the one used during the evaluation phase yields more performing policies. However, the optimal discount factor is finally chosen by cross-validation. Our aim is to show that looking for a sub-optimal solution of a Bayesian MDP might lead to better performances with respect to the current baselines that work in the offline setting. Hence, we propose Exploitation vs Caution (EvC), an algorithm that automatically selects the policy that solves a Risk-sensitive Bayesian MDP in a set of policies obtained by solving several MDPs characterized by different discount factors and transition dynamics. On one hand, the Bayesian formalism elegantly includes model uncertainty and on another hand the introduction of a risk-sensitive utility function guarantees robustness. We evaluated the proposed approach in different discrete simple environments offering a fair variety of MDP classes. We also compared the obtained results with state-of-the-art offline learning for planning baselines such as MOPO and MOReL. In the tested scenarios EvC is more robust than the said approaches suggesting that sub-optimally solving an Offline Risk-sensitive Bayesian MDP (ORBMDP) could define a sound framework for planning under model uncertainty.      
### 44.Cross-Referencing Self-Training Network for Sound Event Detection in Audio Mixtures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13392.pdf)
>  Sound event detection is an important facet of audio tagging that aims to identify sounds of interest and define both the sound category and time boundaries for each sound event in a continuous recording. With advances in deep neural networks, there has been tremendous improvement in the performance of sound event detection systems, although at the expense of costly data collection and labeling efforts. In fact, current state-of-the-art methods employ supervised training methods that leverage large amounts of data samples and corresponding labels in order to facilitate identification of sound category and time stamps of events. As an alternative, the current study proposes a semi-supervised method for generating pseudo-labels from unsupervised data using a student-teacher scheme that balances self-training and cross-training. Additionally, this paper explores post-processing which extracts sound intervals from network prediction, for further improvement in sound event detection performance. The proposed approach is evaluated on sound event detection task for the DCASE2020 challenge. The results of these methods on both "validation" and "public evaluation" sets of DESED database show significant improvement compared to the state-of-the art systems in semi-supervised learning.      
### 45.Recent advances and clinical applications of deep learning in medical image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13381.pdf)
>  Deep learning has become the mainstream technology in computer vision, and it has received extensive research interest in developing new medical image processing algorithms to support disease detection and diagnosis. As compared to conventional machine learning technologies, the major advantage of deep learning is that models can automatically identify and recognize representative features through the hierarchal model architecture, while avoiding the laborious development of hand-crafted features. In this paper, we reviewed and summarized more than 200 recently published papers to provide a comprehensive overview of applying deep learning methods in various medical image analysis tasks. Especially, we emphasize the latest progress and contributions of state-of-the-art unsupervised and semi-supervised deep learning in medical images, which are summarized based on different application scenarios, including lesion classification, segmentation, detection, and image registration. Additionally, we also discussed the major technical challenges and suggested the possible solutions in future research efforts.      
