# ArXiv eess --Thu, 20 May 2021
### 1.Foundations of MIMO Radar Detection Aided by Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09250.pdf)
>  A reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is a flat layer made of sub-wavelength-sized reflective elements capable of adding a tunable phase shift to the impinging electromagnetic wave. This paper considers the fundamental problem of target detection in a RIS-aided multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) radar system. At first, a general signal model is introduced, which includes the possibility of using up to two RISs (one close to the transmitter and one close to the receiver) and subsumes both a mono-static and a bi-static radar configuration with or without a line-of-sight (LOS) view of the prospective target. Upon resorting to a generalized likelihood ratio test (GLRT), the design of the RIS phase shifts is formulated as the maximization of the probability of detection in the resolution cell under inspection for a fixed probability of false alarm, and suitable optimization algorithms are proposed and discussed. Both the theoretical and the numerical analysis clearly show the benefits, in terms of the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) at the radar receiver, granted by the use of the RISs and shed light on the interplay among the key system parameters, such as the radar-RIS distance, the RIS size, and location of the prospective target. A major finding is that the RISs should be deployed in the near-field of the radar transmit/receive array. The paper is then concluded by discussing some open problems and foreseen applications.      
### 2.Joint Calibrationless Reconstruction and Segmentation of Parallel MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09220.pdf)
>  The volume estimation of brain regions from MRI data is a key problem in many clinical applications, where the acquisition of data at high spatial resolution is desirable. While parallel MRI and constrained image reconstruction algorithms can accelerate the scans, image reconstruction artifacts are inevitable, especially at high acceleration factors. We introduce a novel image domain deep-learning framework for calibrationless parallel MRI reconstruction, coupled with a segmentation network to improve image quality and to reduce the vulnerability of current segmentation algorithms to image artifacts resulting from acceleration. The combination of the proposed image domain deep calibrationless approach with the segmentation algorithm offers improved image quality, while increasing the accuracy of the segmentations. The novel architecture with an encoder shared between the reconstruction and segmentation tasks is seen to reduce the need for segmented training datasets. In particular, the proposed few-shot training strategy requires only 10% of segmented datasets to offer good performance.      
### 3.Adaptive Hypergraph Convolutional Network for No-Reference 360-degree Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09143.pdf)
>  In no-reference 360-degree image quality assessment (NR 360IQA), graph convolutional networks (GCNs), which model interactions between viewports through graphs, have achieved impressive performance. However, prevailing GCN-based NR 360IQA methods suffer from three main limitations. First, they only use high-level features of the distorted image to regress the quality score, while the human visual system (HVS) scores the image based on hierarchical features. Second, they simplify complex high-order interactions between viewports in a pairwise fashion through graphs. Third, in the graph construction, they only consider spatial locations of viewports, ignoring its content characteristics. Accordingly, to address these issues, we propose an adaptive hypergraph convolutional network for NR 360IQA, denoted as AHGCN. Specifically, we first design a multi-level viewport descriptor for extracting hierarchical representations from viewports. Then, we model interactions between viewports through hypergraphs, where each hyperedge connects two or more viewports. In the hypergraph construction, we build a location-based hyperedge and a content-based hyperedge for each viewport. Experimental results on two public 360IQA databases demonstrate that our proposed approach has a clear advantage over state-of-the-art full-reference and no-reference IQA models.      
### 4.A Guide to Reducing Carbon Emissions through Data Center Geographical Load Shifting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09120.pdf)
>  Recent computing needs have lead technology companies to develop large scale, highly optimized data centers. These data centers represent large loads on electric power networks which have the unique flexibility to shift load both geographically and temporally. This paper focuses on how data centers can use their geographic load flexibility to reduce carbon emissions through clever interactions with electricity markets. Because electricity market clearing accounts for congestion and power flow physics in the electric grid, the carbon emissions associated with electricity use varies between (potentially geographically close) locations. Using our knowledge about this process, we propose a new and improved metric to guide geographic load shifting, which we refer to as the locational marginal carbon emission $\lambda_{\text{CO}_2}$. We compare this and three other shifting metrics on their ability to reduce carbon emissions and generation costs throughout the course of a year. Our analysis demonstrates that $\lambda_{\text{CO}_2}$ is more effective in reducing carbon emissions than more commonly proposed metrics that do not account for the specifics of the power grid.      
### 5.Dynamic Trajectory and Offloading Control of UAV-enabled MEC under User Mobility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09042.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a UAV-enabled MEC platform that serves multiple mobile ground users with random movements and task arrivals. We aim to minimize the average weighted energy consumption of all users subject to the average UAV energy consumption and data queue stability constraints. To control the system operation in sequential time slots, we formulate the problem as a multi-stage stochastic optimization, and propose an online algorithm that optimizes the resource allocation and the UAV trajectory in each stage. We adopt Lyapunov optimization to convert the multi-stage stochastic problem into per-slot deterministic problems with much less optimizing variables. To tackle the non-convex per-slot problem, we use the successive convex approximation (SCA) technique to jointly optimize the resource allocation and the UAV movement. Simulation results show that the proposed online algorithm can satisfy the average UAV energy and queue stability constraints, and significantly outperform the other considered benchmark methods in reducing the energy consumption of ground users.      
### 6.Advances in integration of end-to-end neural and clustering-based diarization for real conversational speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09040.pdf)
>  Recently, we proposed a novel speaker diarization method called End-to-End-Neural-Diarization-vector clustering (EEND-vector clustering) that integrates clustering-based and end-to-end neural network-based diarization approaches into one framework. The proposed method combines advantages of both frameworks, i.e. high diarization performance and handling of overlapped speech based on EEND, and robust handling of long recordings with an arbitrary number of speakers based on clustering-based approaches. However, the method was only evaluated so far on simulated 2-speaker meeting-like data. This paper is to (1) report recent advances we made to this framework, including newly introduced robust constrained clustering algorithms, and (2) experimentally show that the method can now significantly outperform competitive diarization methods such as Encoder-Decoder Attractor (EDA)-EEND, on CALLHOME data which comprises real conversational speech data including overlapped speech and an arbitrary number of speakers. By further analyzing the experimental results, this paper also discusses pros and cons of the proposed method and reveals potential for further improvement.      
### 7.Optimal Science-time Reorientation Policy for the Comet Interceptor Flyby via Sequential Convex Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09029.pdf)
>  This paper introduces an algorithm to perform optimal reorientation of a spacecraft during a high speed flyby mission that maximizes the time a certain target is kept within the field of view of scientific instruments. The method directly handles the nonlinear dynamics of the spacecraft, sun exclusion constraint, torque and momentum limits on the reaction wheels as well as potential faults in these actuators. A sequential convex programming approach was used to reformulate non-convex pointing objectives and other constraints in terms of a series of novel convex cardinality minimization problems. These subproblems were then efficiently solved even on limited hardware resources using convex programming solvers implementing second-order conic constraints. The proposed method was applied to a scenario that involved maximizing the science time for the upcoming Comet Interceptor flyby mission developed by the European Space Agency. Extensive simulation results demonstrate the capability of the approach to generate viable trajectories even in the presence of reaction wheel failures or prior dust particle impacts.      
### 8.Fiber Nonlinearity Compensation Using Deep Neural Network and Second-Order Perturbation Theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09027.pdf)
>  We propose a fiber nonlinearity post-compensation technique using the DNN and the second-order perturbation theory. We achieve 1 dB Q-factor improvement for a 32 Gbaud PDM-64-QAM at 1200 km compared to the linear dispersion compensation.      
### 9.Online Adaptive Optimal Control Algorithm Based on Synchronous Integral Reinforcement Learning With Explorations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09006.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel algorithm named synchronous integral Q-learning, which is based on synchronous policy iteration, to solve the continuous-time infinite horizon optimal control problems of input-affine system dynamics. The integral reinforcement is measured as an excitation signal in this method to estimate the solution to the Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation. Moreover, the proposed method is completely model-free, i.e. no a priori knowledge of the system is required. Using policy iteration, the actor and critic neural networks can simultaneously approximate the optimal value function and policy. The persistence of excitation condition is required to guarantee the convergence of the two networks. Unlike in traditional policy iteration algorithms, the restriction of the initial admissible policy is relaxed in this method. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is verified through numerical simulations.      
### 10.TarGAN: Target-Aware Generative Adversarial Networks for Multi-modality Medical Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08993.pdf)
>  Paired multi-modality medical images, can provide complementary information to help physicians make more reasonable decisions than single modality medical images. But they are difficult to generate due to multiple factors in practice (e.g., time, cost, radiation dose). To address these problems, multi-modality medical image translation has aroused increasing research interest recently. However, the existing works mainly focus on translation effect of a whole image instead of a critical target area or Region of Interest (ROI), e.g., organ and so on. This leads to poor-quality translation of the localized target area which becomes blurry, deformed or even with extra unreasonable textures. In this paper, we propose a novel target-aware generative adversarial network called TarGAN, which is a generic multi-modality medical image translation model capable of (1) learning multi-modality medical image translation without relying on paired data, (2) enhancing quality of target area generation with the help of target area labels. The generator of TarGAN jointly learns mapping at two levels simultaneously - whole image translation mapping and target area translation mapping. These two mappings are interrelated through a proposed crossing loss. The experiments on both quantitative measures and qualitative evaluations demonstrate that TarGAN outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in all cases. Subsequent segmentation task is conducted to demonstrate effectiveness of synthetic images generated by TarGAN in a real-world application. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/2165998/TarGAN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 11.Cross-Platform Simulation Architecture with application to truck platooning impact assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08987.pdf)
>  Simulation-based traffic impact assessment studies of advanced technologies such as truck platooning need to be carried out to ascertain their benefits for traffic efficiency, safety and environment. To reduce uncertainty in the results of such simulation-based studies, the same simulation studies can be performed in different simulation software. Many traffic simulation software packages (Aimsun, SymuVia, Vissim, SUMO) are currently available for traffic impact assessment of new technologies such as truckplatooning. However, to fully model and simulate the functionalities of such advanced technologies in different simulation environments, several extensions need to be made to the simulation platforms. In most cases, these extensions have to be programmed in different programming languages (C++, Python) and each simulator has its own simulator specific API. This makes it difficult to reuse software written for a specific functionality in one simulation platform in a different simulation platform. To overcome this issue, this paper presents a novel architecture for cross-platform simulation. The architecture is designed such that a specific functionality such as truck-platooning or any other functionality is made platform independent. We designed a cross-platform architecture for simulating a truck-platooning functionality using Vissim and SymuVia simulation software to determine the traffic flow effects of multi-brand truck platooning in the context of the EU project ENSEMBLE. In this draft paper, we present the structure of the framework as well as some preliminary results from a simple simulation performed with the cross-platform simulator.      
### 12.Integrated Communication and Navigation for Ultra-Dense LEO Satellite Networks: Vision, Challenges and Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08985.pdf)
>  Next generation beyond 5G networks are expected to provide both Terabits per second data rate communication services and centimeter-level accuracy localization services in an efficient, seamless and cost-effective manner. However, most of the current communication and localization systems are separately designed, leading to an under-utilization of radio resources and network performance degradation. In this paper, we propose an integrated communication and navigation (ICAN) framework to fully unleash the potential of ultra-dense LEO satellite networks for optimal provisioning of differentiated services. The specific benefits, feasibility analysis and challenges for ICAN enabled satellite system are explicitly discussed. In particular, a novel beam hopping based ICAN satellite system solution is devised to adaptively tune the network beam layout for dual functional communication and positioning purposes. Furthermore, a thorough experimental platform is built following the Third Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) defined non-terrestrial network simulation parameters to validate the performance gain of the ICAN satellite system      
### 13.Disentanglement Learning for Variational Autoencoders Applied to Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08970.pdf)
>  Recently, the standard variational autoencoder has been successfully used to learn a probabilistic prior over speech signals, which is then used to perform speech enhancement. Variational autoencoders have then been conditioned on a label describing a high-level speech attribute (e.g. speech activity) that allows for a more explicit control of speech generation. However, the label is not guaranteed to be disentangled from the other latent variables, which results in limited performance improvements compared to the standard variational autoencoder. In this work, we propose to use an adversarial training scheme for variational autoencoders to disentangle the label from the other latent variables. At training, we use a discriminator that competes with the encoder of the variational autoencoder. Simultaneously, we also use an additional encoder that estimates the label for the decoder of the variational autoencoder, which proves to be crucial to learn disentanglement. We show the benefit of the proposed disentanglement learning when a voice activity label, estimated from visual data, is used for speech enhancement.      
### 14.Multi-Contrast MRI Super-Resolution via a Multi-Stage Integration Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08949.pdf)
>  Super-resolution (SR) plays a crucial role in improving the image quality of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). MRI produces multi-contrast images and can provide a clear display of soft tissues. However, current super-resolution methods only employ a single contrast, or use a simple multi-contrast fusion mechanism, ignoring the rich relations among different contrasts, which are valuable for improving SR. In this work, we propose a multi-stage integration network (i.e., MINet) for multi-contrast MRI SR, which explicitly models the dependencies between multi-contrast images at different stages to guide image SR. In particular, our MINet first learns a hierarchical feature representation from multiple convolutional stages for each of different-contrast image. Subsequently, we introduce a multi-stage integration module to mine the comprehensive relations between the representations of the multi-contrast images. Specifically, the module matches each representation with all other features, which are integrated in terms of their similarities to obtain an enriched representation. Extensive experiments on fastMRI and real-world clinical datasets demonstrate that 1) our MINet outperforms state-of-the-art multi-contrast SR methods in terms of various metrics and 2) our multi-stage integration module is able to excavate complex interactions among multi-contrast features at different stages, leading to improved target-image quality.      
### 15.A fault detection scheme for PV panels in large scale PV stations with complex installation conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08943.pdf)
>  Faults in photovoltaic (PV) systems can seriously affect the efficiency, energy yield as well as the security of the entire PV plant, if not detected and corrected quickly. Therefore, fault diagnosis of PV arrays is indispensable for improving the reliability, efficiency, productivity and safety of PV power stations. Instead of conventional thresholding methods and artificial intelligent (AI) machine learning approaches, an innovative Gaussian Mixture Model (GMM) based fault detection approach is proposed in this work. This approach combines the superiority of GMM in modeling stochastic power outputs of PV modules and the flexibility and simplicity of Sandia PV Array Performance Model (SPAM) to accurately detect under-performing modules. Firstly, GMM is proposed to represent the probabilistic distribution functions (PDF) of different PV modules' power outputs, and the parameter sets of which are obtained by Expectation Maximization algorithm. Secondly, a simplified explicit expression for output power of PV modules, which highlights the influences of tilt and azimuth angles, is deduced based on the SPAM. Then, an orientation independent vector C is developed to eliminate the probability distribution differences of power outputs caused by varying azimuth angles and tilt angles. Jensen-Shannon (JS) divergence, which captures the differences between probability density of C of each PV module, are generated and used as fault indicators. Simulation data acquired from the original SPAM are used to assess the performance of the proposed approach. Results show that the proposed approach successfully detects faults in PV systems. This work is especially suitable for the PV modules that have different installation parameters such as azimuth angles and tilt angles, and it does not require the use of irradiance or temperature sensors.      
### 16.Origins of ECG and Evolution of Automated DSP Techniques: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08938.pdf)
>  Over the years researchers have studied the evolution of Electrocardiogram (ECG) and the complex classification of cardiovascular diseases. This review focuses on the evolution of the ECG, and covers the most recent signal processing schemes with milestones over last 150 years in a systematic manner. Development phases of ECG, ECG leads, portable ECG monitors, Signal Processing Schemes and the Complex Transformations are discussed. It also provides recommendations for the inclusion of certain important points based on the review.      
### 17.Designing a Pseudo-Random Bit Generator with a Novel 5D-Hyperchaotic System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08896.pdf)
>  Dynamic and non-linear systems are emerging as potential candidates for random bit generation. In this context, chaotic systems, which are both dynamic and stochastic, are particularly suitable. This paper introduces a new continuous chaotic system along with its corresponding implementation, which targets field-programmable gate array (FPGA). This chaotic system has five dimensions, which exhibit complex chaotic dynamics, thus enabling the utilization of chaotic signals in cryptography. A mathematical analysis is presented to demonstrate the dynamic characteristics of the proposed hyperchaotic system. A novel digital implementation of the proposed system is presented. Moreover, a data scrambling circuit is implemented to eliminate the bias effect and increase the randomness of the bitstream generated from the chaotic signals. We show that the proposed random bit generator has high randomness. The generated bits successfully pass well-known statistical randomness test-suites, i.e., NIST SP800-22, Diehard, and TestU01. The ready-to-use random bit generator is deployed on a Xilinx Zynq-7000 SoC ZC702 Evaluation Kit. Experimental results show that the proposed random bit generator can achieve a maximum throughput of 6.78 Gbps, which is over 3.6 times greater than state-of-the-art designs while requiring under 4% of the resources available on the targeted FPGA.      
### 18.Enforcing Policy Feasibility Constraints through Differentiable Projection for Energy Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08881.pdf)
>  While reinforcement learning (RL) is gaining popularity in energy systems control, its real-world applications are limited due to the fact that the actions from learned policies may not satisfy functional requirements or be feasible for the underlying physical system. In this work, we propose PROjected Feasibility (PROF), a method to enforce convex operational constraints within neural policies. Specifically, we incorporate a differentiable projection layer within a neural network-based policy to enforce that all learned actions are feasible. We then update the policy end-to-end by propagating gradients through this differentiable projection layer, making the policy cognizant of the operational constraints. We demonstrate our method on two applications: energy-efficient building operation and inverter control. In the building operation setting, we show that PROF maintains thermal comfort requirements while improving energy efficiency by 4% over state-of-the-art methods. In the inverter control setting, PROF perfectly satisfies voltage constraints on the IEEE 37-bus feeder system, as it learns to curtail as little renewable energy as possible within its safety set.      
### 19.Applying the Mahalanobis Distance to Develop Robust Approaches Against False Data Injection Attacks on Dynamic Power State Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08873.pdf)
>  Although many researchers have studied false data injection (FDI) attacks in power state estimation, current state estimation approaches are still highly vulnerable to FDI attacks. In this paper, we investigate the problem of the above three FDI attacks against dynamic power state estimation (DSE). In this research, we propose two robust defense approaches against the above three efficient FDI attacks on DSE. Compared to existing approaches, our proposed approaches have three major differences and significant strengths: (1) they defend against the three FDI attacks on dynamic power state estimation rather than static power state estimation, (2) they give a robust estimator that can accurately extract a subset of attack-free sensors for power state estimation, and (3) they adopt the little-known Mahalanobis distance in the consistency check of power sensor measurements, which is different from the Euclidean distance used in all the existing studies on power state estimation. We mathematically prove that the Mahalanobis distance is not only useful but also much better than the Euclidean distance in the consistency check of power sensor measurements. Our time complexity analysis shows that the proposed two robust defense approaches are efficient. Moreover, to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches, we compare them with the three well-known approaches: the least square approach, the Imhotep-SMT approach, and the MEE-UKF approach. Experiments show that the proposed approaches further reduce the estimation error by two orders of magnitude and four orders of magnitude compared to the Imhotep-SMT approach and the least square approach, respectively. Whereas our approach has a similar root mean square error as the Imhotep-SMT approach has, our approach provides a more stable result.      
### 20.Real-Time Video Super-Resolution on Smartphones with Deep Learning, Mobile AI 2021 Challenge: Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08826.pdf)
>  Video super-resolution has recently become one of the most important mobile-related problems due to the rise of video communication and streaming services. While many solutions have been proposed for this task, the majority of them are too computationally expensive to run on portable devices with limited hardware resources. To address this problem, we introduce the first Mobile AI challenge, where the target is to develop an end-to-end deep learning-based video super-resolution solutions that can achieve a real-time performance on mobile GPUs. The participants were provided with the REDS dataset and trained their models to do an efficient 4X video upscaling. The runtime of all models was evaluated on the OPPO Find X2 smartphone with the Snapdragon 865 SoC capable of accelerating floating-point networks on its Adreno GPU. The proposed solutions are fully compatible with any mobile GPU and can upscale videos to HD resolution at up to 80 FPS while demonstrating high fidelity results. A detailed description of all models developed in the challenge is provided in this paper.      
### 21.Fast and Accurate Quantized Camera Scene Detection on Smartphones, Mobile AI 2021 Challenge: Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08819.pdf)
>  Camera scene detection is among the most popular computer vision problem on smartphones. While many custom solutions were developed for this task by phone vendors, none of the designed models were available publicly up until now. To address this problem, we introduce the first Mobile AI challenge, where the target is to develop quantized deep learning-based camera scene classification solutions that can demonstrate a real-time performance on smartphones and IoT platforms. For this, the participants were provided with a large-scale CamSDD dataset consisting of more than 11K images belonging to the 30 most important scene categories. The runtime of all models was evaluated on the popular Apple Bionic A11 platform that can be found in many iOS devices. The proposed solutions are fully compatible with all major mobile AI accelerators and can demonstrate more than 100-200 FPS on the majority of recent smartphone platforms while achieving a top-3 accuracy of more than 98%. A detailed description of all models developed in the challenge is provided in this paper.      
### 22.A real-time distributed post-disaster restoration planning strategy for distribution networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08817.pdf)
>  After disasters, distribution networks have to be restored by repair, reconfiguration, and power dispatch. During the restoration process, changes can occur in real time that deviate from the situations considered in pre-designed planning strategies. That may result in the pre-designed plan to become far from optimal or even unimplementable. This paper proposes a centralized-distributed bi-level optimization method to solve the real-time restoration planning problem. The first level determines integer variables related to routing of the crews and the status of the switches using a genetic algorithm (GA), while the second level determines the dispatch of active/reactive power by using distributed model predictive control (DMPC). A novel Aitken- DMPC solver is proposed to accelerate convergence and to make the method suitable for real-time decision making. A case study based on the IEEE 123-bus system is considered, and the acceleration performance of the proposed Aitken-DMPC solver is evaluated and compared with the standard DMPC method.      
### 23.Learning to Act Safely with Limited Exposure and Almost Sure Certainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08748.pdf)
>  This paper aims to put forward the concept that learning to take safe actions in unknown environments, even with probability one guarantees, can be achieved without the need for an unbounded number of exploratory trials, provided that one is willing to navigate trade-offs between optimality, level of exposure to unsafe events, and the maximum detection time of unsafe actions. We illustrate this concept in two complementary settings. We first focus on the canonical multi-armed bandit problem and seek to study the intrinsic trade-offs of learning safety in the presence of uncertainty. Under mild assumptions on sufficient exploration, we provide an algorithm that provably detects all unsafe machines in an (expected) finite number of rounds. The analysis also unveils a trade-off between the number of rounds needed to secure the environment and the probability of discarding safe machines. We then consider the problem of finding optimal policies for a Markov Decision Process (MDP) with almost sure constraints. We show that the (action) value function satisfies a barrier-based decomposition which allows for the identification of feasible policies independently of the reward process. Using this decomposition, we develop a Barrier-learning algorithm, that identifies such unsafe state-action pairs in a finite expected number of steps. Our analysis further highlights a trade-off between the time lag for the underlying MDP necessary to detect unsafe actions, and the level of exposure to unsafe events. Simulations corroborate our theoretical findings, further illustrating the aforementioned trade-offs, and suggesting that safety constraints can further speed up the learning process.      
### 24.Distributed algorithms for the least square solution of linear equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09298.pdf)
>  This paper proposes distributed algorithms for solving linear equations to seek a least square solution via multi-agent networks. We consider that each agent has only access to a small and imcomplete block of linear equations rather than the complete row or column in the existing literatures. Firstly, we focus on the case of a homogeneous partition of linear equations. A distributed algorithm is proposed via a single-layered grid network, in which each agent only needs to control three scalar states. Secondly, we consider the case of heterogeneous partitions of linear equations. Two distributed algorithms with doubled-layered network are developed, which allows each agent's states to have different dimensions and can be applied to heterogeneous agents with different storage and computation capability. Rigorous proofs show that the proposed distributed algorithms collaboratively obtain a least square solution with exponential convergence, and also own a solvability verification property, i.e., a criterion to verify whether the obtained solution is an exact solution. Finally, some simulation examples are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms.      
### 25.Learning Pareto-Frontier Resource Management Policies for Heterogeneous SoCs: An Information-Theoretic Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09282.pdf)
>  Mobile system-on-chips (SoCs) are growing in their complexity and heterogeneity (e.g., Arm's Big-Little architecture) to meet the needs of emerging applications, including games and artificial intelligence. This makes it very challenging to optimally manage the resources (e.g., controlling the number and frequency of different types of cores) at runtime to meet the desired trade-offs among multiple objectives such as performance and energy. This paper proposes a novel information-theoretic framework referred to as PaRMIS to create Pareto-optimal resource management policies for given target applications and design objectives. PaRMIS specifies parametric policies to manage resources and learns statistical models from candidate policy evaluation data in the form of target design objective values. The key idea is to select a candidate policy for evaluation in each iteration guided by statistical models that maximize the information gain about the true Pareto front. Experiments on a commercial heterogeneous SoC show that PaRMIS achieves better Pareto fronts and is easily usable to optimize complex objectives (e.g., performance per Watt) when compared to prior methods.      
### 26.Unsupervised Discriminative Learning of Sounds for Audio Event Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09279.pdf)
>  Recent progress in network-based audio event classification has shown the benefit of pre-training models on visual data such as ImageNet. While this process allows knowledge transfer across different domains, training a model on large-scale visual datasets is time consuming. On several audio event classification benchmarks, we show a fast and effective alternative that pre-trains the model unsupervised, only on audio data and yet delivers on-par performance with ImageNet pre-training. Furthermore, we show that our discriminative audio learning can be used to transfer knowledge across audio datasets and optionally include ImageNet pre-training.      
### 27.Image to Image Translation : Generating maps from satellite images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09253.pdf)
>  Generation of maps from satellite images is conventionally done by a range of tools. Maps became an important part of life whose conversion from satellite images may be a bit expensive but Generative models can pander to this challenge. These models aims at finding the patterns between the input and output image. Image to image translation is employed to convert satellite image to corresponding map. Different techniques for image to image translations like Generative adversarial network, Conditional adversarial networks and Co-Variational Auto encoders are used to generate the corresponding human-readable maps for that region, which takes a satellite image at a given zoom level as its input. We are training our model on Conditional Generative Adversarial Network which comprises of Generator model which which generates fake images while the discriminator tries to classify the image as real or fake and both these models are trained synchronously in adversarial manner where both try to fool each other and result in enhancing model performance.      
### 28.Airborne Urban Microcells with Grasping End Effectors: A Game Changer for 6G Networks?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09230.pdf)
>  Airborne (or flying) base stations (ABSs) embedded on drones or unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) can be deemed as a central element of envisioned 6G cellular networks where significant cell densification with mmWave/Terahertz communications will be part of the ecosystem. Nonetheless, one of the key challenges facing the deployment of ABSs is the inherent limited available energy of the drone, which limits the hovering time for serving ground users to the orders of minutes. This impediment deteriorate the performance of the UAV-enabled cellular network and hinders wide adoption and use of the technology. In this paper, we propose robotic airborne base stations (RABSs) with grasping capabilities to increase the serving time of ground users by multiple orders of magnitude compared to nominal hovering based operation. More specifically, to perform the grasping task, the RABS is equipped with a versatile, albeit, general purpose gripper manipulator. Depending on the type of the gripper RABS can provide service in the range of hours, compared to minutes of hovering based ABSs. In theory it is possible that grasping can be energy neutral, hence the time of service can be bounded by the communications energy consumption. To illustrate the case, energy consumption comparison between hovering and grasping is performed in order to reveal the significant benefits of the proposed approach. Finally, overarching challenges, design considerations for RABS, and future avenues of research are outlined to realize the full potential of the proposed robotic aerial base stations.      
### 29.Evacuation Problem Under the Nuclear Leakage Accident  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09165.pdf)
>  To handle the detrimental effects brought by leakage of radioactive gases at nuclear power station, we propose a bus based evacuation optimization problem. The proposed model incorporates the following four constraints, 1) the maximum dose of radiation per evacuee, 2) the limitation of bus capacity, 3) the number of evacuees at demand node (bus pickup stop), 4) evacuees balance at demand and shelter nodes, which is formulated as a mixed integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) problem. Then, to eliminate the difficulties of choosing a proper M value in Big-M method, a Big-M free method is employed to linearize the nonlinear terms of the MINLP problem. Finally, the resultant mixed integer linear program (MILP) problem is solvable with efficient commercial solvers such as CPLEX or Gurobi, which guarantees the optimal evacuation plan obtained. To evaluate the effectiveness of proposed evacuation model, we test our model on two different scenarios (a random one and a practical scenario). For both scenarios, our model attains executable evacuation plan within given 3600 seconds computation time.      
### 30.High-Performance FPGA-based Accelerator for Bayesian Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09163.pdf)
>  Neural networks (NNs) have demonstrated their potential in a wide range of applications such as image recognition, decision making or recommendation systems. However, standard NNs are unable to capture their model uncertainty which is crucial for many safety-critical applications including healthcare and autonomous vehicles. In comparison, Bayesian neural networks (BNNs) are able to express uncertainty in their prediction via a mathematical grounding. Nevertheless, BNNs have not been as widely used in industrial practice, mainly because of their expensive computational cost and limited hardware performance. This work proposes a novel FPGA-based hardware architecture to accelerate BNNs inferred through Monte Carlo Dropout. Compared with other state-of-the-art BNN accelerators, the proposed accelerator can achieve up to 4 times higher energy efficiency and 9 times better compute efficiency. Considering partial Bayesian inference, an automatic framework is proposed, which explores the trade-off between hardware and algorithmic performance. Extensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate that our proposed framework can effectively find the optimal points in the design space.      
### 31.XCycles Backprojection Acoustic Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09128.pdf)
>  The computer vision community has paid much attention to the development of visible image super-resolution (SR) using deep neural networks (DNNs) and has achieved impressive results. The advancement of non-visible light sensors, such as acoustic imaging sensors, has attracted much attention, as they allow people to visualize the intensity of sound waves beyond the visible spectrum. However, because of the limitations imposed on acquiring acoustic data, new methods for improving the resolution of the acoustic images are necessary. At this time, there is no acoustic imaging dataset designed for the SR problem. This work proposed a novel backprojection model architecture for the acoustic image super-resolution problem, together with Acoustic Map Imaging VUB-ULB Dataset (AMIVU). The dataset provides large simulated and real captured images at different resolutions. The proposed XCycles BackProjection model (XCBP), in contrast to the feedforward model approach, fully uses the iterative correction procedure in each cycle to reconstruct the residual error correction for the encoded features in both low- and high-resolution space. The proposed approach was evaluated on the dataset and showed high outperformance compared to the classical interpolation operators and to the recent feedforward state-of-the-art models. It also contributed to a drastically reduced sub-sampling error produced during the data acquisition.      
### 32.Unsupervised Learning of Adaptive Codebooks for Deep Feedback Encoding in FDD Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09125.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a joint adaptive codebook construction and feedback generation scheme in frequency division duplex (FDD) systems. Both unsupervised and supervised deep learning techniques are used for this purpose. Based on a recently discovered equivalence of uplink (UL) and downlink (DL) channel state information (CSI) in terms of neural network learning, the codebook and associated deep encoder for feedback signaling is based on UL data only. Subsequently, the feedback encoder can be offloaded to the mobile terminals (MTs) to generate channel feedback there as efficiently as possible, without any training effort at the terminals or corresponding transfer of training and codebook data. Numerical simulations demonstrate the promising performance of the proposed method.      
### 33.Enhancing Security of TAS/MRC Based Mixed RF-UOWC System with Induced Underwater Turbulence Effect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09088.pdf)
>  Post commercial deployment of fifth-generation (5G) technologies, the consideration of sixth-generation (6G) networks is drawing remarkable attention from research communities. Researchers suggest that similar to 5G, 6G technology must be human-centric where high secrecy together with high data rate will be the key features. These challenges can be easily overcome utilizing PHY security techniques over high-frequency free-space or underwater optical wireless communication (UOWC) technologies. But in long-distance communication, turbulence components drastically affect the optical signals, leading to the invention of the combination of radio-frequency (RF) links with optical links. This work deals with the secrecy performance analysis of a mixed RF-UOWC system where an eavesdropper tries to intercept RF communications. RF and optical links undergo $\eta-\mu$ and mixture exponential generalized Gamma distributions, respectively. To keep pace with the high data rate of optical technologies, we exploit the antenna selection scheme at the source and maximal ratio combining diversity at the relay and eavesdropper, while the eavesdropper is unaware of the antenna selection scheme. We derive closed-form expressions of average secrecy capacity, secrecy outage probability, and strictly positive secrecy capacity to demonstrate the impacts of the system parameters on the secrecy behavior. Finally, the expressions are corroborated via Monte-Carlo simulations.      
### 34.Deep Learning Radio Frequency Signal Classification with Hybrid Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09063.pdf)
>  In recent years, Deep Learning (DL) has been successfully applied to detect and classify Radio Frequency (RF) Signals. A DL approach is especially useful since it identifies the presence of a signal without needing full protocol information, and can also detect and/or classify non-communication waveforms, such as radar signals. In this work, we focus on the different pre-processing steps that can be used on the input training data, and test the results on a fixed DL architecture. While previous works have mostly focused exclusively on either time-domain or frequency domain approaches, we propose a hybrid image that takes advantage of both time and frequency domain information, and tackles the classification as a Computer Vision problem. Our initial results point out limitations to classical pre-processing approaches while also showing that it's possible to build a classifier that can leverage the strengths of multiple signal representations.      
### 35.Music Generation using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09046.pdf)
>  This paper explores the idea of utilising Long Short-Term Memory neural networks (LSTMNN) for the generation of musical sequences in ABC notation. The proposed approach takes ABC notations from the Nottingham dataset and encodes it to beefed as input for the neural networks. The primary objective is to input the neural networks with an arbitrary note, let the network process and augment a sequence based on the note until a good piece of music is produced. Multiple tunings have been done to amend the parameters of the network for optimal generation. The output is assessed on the basis of rhythm, harmony, and grammar accuracy.      
### 36.User-centric Handover in mmWave Cell-Free Massive MIMO with User Mobility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09041.pdf)
>  The coupling between cell-free massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems operating at millimeter-wave (mmWave) carrier frequencies and user mobility is considered in this paper. First of all, a mmWave channel is introduced taking into account the user mobility and the impact of the channel aging. Then, three beamforming techniques are proposed in the considered scenario, along with a dynamic user association technique (handover): starting from a user-centric association between each mobile device and a cluster of access points (APs), a rule for updating the APs cluster is formulated and analyzed. Numerical results reveal that the proposed beamforming and user association techniques are effective in the considered scenario.      
### 37.Attack on practical speaker verification system using universal adversarial perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09022.pdf)
>  In authentication scenarios, applications of practical speaker verification systems usually require a person to read a dynamic authentication text. Previous studies played an audio adversarial example as a digital signal to perform physical attacks, which would be easily rejected by audio replay detection modules. This work shows that by playing our crafted adversarial perturbation as a separate source when the adversary is speaking, the practical speaker verification system will misjudge the adversary as a target speaker. A two-step algorithm is proposed to optimize the universal adversarial perturbation to be text-independent and has little effect on the authentication text recognition. We also estimated room impulse response (RIR) in the algorithm which allowed the perturbation to be effective after being played over the air. In the physical experiment, we achieved targeted attacks with success rate of 100%, while the word error rate (WER) on speech recognition was only increased by 3.55%. And recorded audios could pass replay detection for the live person speaking.      
### 38.Improved Exploring Starts by Kernel Density Estimation-Based State-Space Coverage Acceleration in Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08990.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is currently a popular research topic in control engineering and has the potential to make its way to industrial and commercial applications. Corresponding RL controllers are trained in direct interaction with the controlled system, rendering them data-driven and performance-oriented solutions. The best practice of exploring starts (ES) is used by default to support the learning process via randomly picked initial states. However, this method might deliver strongly biased results if the system's dynamic and constraints lead to unfavorable sample distributions in the state space (e.g., condensed sample accumulation in certain state-space areas). To overcome this issue, a kernel density estimation-based state-space coverage acceleration (DESSCA) is proposed, which improves the ES concept by prioritizing infrequently visited states for a more balanced coverage of the state space during training. Considered test scenarios are mountain car, cartpole and electric motor control environments. Using DQN and DDPG as exemplary RL algorithms, it can be shown that DESSCA is a simple yet effective algorithmic extension to the established ES approach.      
### 39.SEMOUR: A Scripted Emotional Speech Repository for Urdu  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08957.pdf)
>  Designing reliable Speech Emotion Recognition systems is a complex task that inevitably requires sufficient data for training purposes. Such extensive datasets are currently available in only a few languages, including English, German, and Italian. In this paper, we present SEMOUR, the first scripted database of emotion-tagged speech in the Urdu language, to design an Urdu Speech Recognition System. Our gender-balanced dataset contains 15,040 unique instances recorded by eight professional actors eliciting a syntactically complex script. The dataset is phonetically balanced, and reliably exhibits a varied set of emotions as marked by the high agreement scores among human raters in experiments. We also provide various baseline speech emotion prediction scores on the database, which could be used for various applications like personalized robot assistants, diagnosis of psychological disorders, and getting feedback from a low-tech-enabled population, etc. On a random test sample, our model correctly predicts an emotion with a state-of-the-art 92% accuracy.      
### 40.Projector-Guided Non-Holonomic Mobile 3D Printing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08950.pdf)
>  Fused deposition modeling (FDM) using mobile robots instead of the gantry-based 3D printer enables additive manufacturing at a larger scale with higher speed. This introduces challenges including accurate localization, control of the printhead, and design of a stable mobile manipulator with low vibrations and proper degrees of freedom. We proposed and developed a low-cost non-holonomic mobile 3D printing system guided by a projector via learning-based visual servo-ing. It requires almost no manual calibration of the system parameters. Using a regular top-down projector without any expensive external localization device for pose feedback, this system enabled mobile robots to accurately follow pre-designed millimeter-level printing trajectories with speed control. We evaluate the system in terms of its trajectory accuracy and printing quality compared with original 3D designs. We further demonstrated the potential of this system using two such mobile robots to collaboratively print a 3D object with dimensions of 80cm x 30cm size, which exceeds the limitation of common desktop FDM 3D printers.      
### 41.Deep Neural Network Accelerated Implicit Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08883.pdf)
>  In this paper, we illustrate a novel method for solving optimization problems when derivatives are not explicitly available. We show that combining implicit filtering (IF), an existing derivative free optimization (DFO) method, with a deep neural network global approximator leads to an accelerated DFO method. Derivative free optimization problems occur in a wide variety of applications, including simulation based optimization and the optimization of stochastic processes, and naturally arise when the objective function can be viewed as a black box, such as a computer simulation. We highlight the practical value of our method, which we call deep neural network accelerated implicit filtering (DNNAIF), by demonstrating its ability to help solve the coverage directed generation (CDG) problem. Solving the CDG problem is a key part of the design and verification process for new electronic circuits, including the chips that power modern servers and smartphones.      
### 42.A Lightweight Privacy-Preserving Scheme Using Label-based Pixel Block Mixing for Image Classification in Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08876.pdf)
>  To ensure the privacy of sensitive data used in the training of deep learning models, a number of privacy-preserving methods have been designed by the research community. However, existing schemes are generally designed to work with textual data, or are not efficient when a large number of images is used for training. Hence, in this paper we propose a lightweight and efficient approach to preserve image privacy while maintaining the availability of the training set. Specifically, we design the pixel block mixing algorithm for image classification privacy preservation in deep learning. To evaluate its utility, we use the mixed training set to train the ResNet50, VGG16, InceptionV3 and DenseNet121 models on the WIKI dataset and the CNBC face dataset. Experimental findings on the testing set show that our scheme preserves image privacy while maintaining the availability of the training set in the deep learning models. Additionally, the experimental results demonstrate that we achieve good performance for the VGG16 model on the WIKI dataset and both ResNet50 and DenseNet121 on the CNBC dataset. The pixel block algorithm achieves fairly high efficiency in the mixing of the images, and it is computationally challenging for the attackers to restore the mixed training set to the original training set. Moreover, data augmentation can be applied to the mixed training set to improve the training's effectiveness.      
### 43.Gym-ANM: Open-source software to leverage reinforcement learning for power system management in research and education  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08846.pdf)
>  Gym-ANM is a Python package that facilitates the design of reinforcement learning (RL) environments that model active network management (ANM) tasks in electricity networks. Here, we describe how to implement new environments and how to write code to interact with pre-existing ones. We also provide an overview of ANM6-Easy, an environment designed to highlight common ANM challenges. Finally, we discuss the potential impact of Gym-ANM on the scientific community, both in terms of research and education. We hope this package will facilitate collaboration between the power system and RL communities in the search for algorithms to control future energy systems.      
### 44.A Contraction Theory Approach to Optimization Algorithms from Acceleration Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08832.pdf)
>  Much recent interest has focused on the design of optimization algorithms from the discretization of an associated optimization flow, i.e., a system of differential equations (ODEs) whose trajectories solve an associated optimization problem. Such a design approach poses an important problem: how to find a principled methodology to design and discretize appropriate ODEs. This paper aims to provide a solution to this problem through the use of contraction theory. We first introduce general mathematical results that explain how contraction theory guarantees the stability of the implicit and explicit Euler integration methods. Then, we propose a novel system of ODEs, namely the Accelerated-Contracting-Nesterov flow, and use contraction theory to establish it is an optimization flow with exponential convergence rate, from which the linear convergence rate of its associated optimization algorithm is immediately established. Remarkably, a simple explicit Euler discretization of this flow corresponds to the Nesterov acceleration method. Finally, we present how our approach leads to performance guarantees in the design of optimization algorithms for time-varying optimization problems.      
### 45.Linear tracking MPC for nonlinear systems Part II: The data-driven case  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08567.pdf)
>  We present a novel data-driven MPC approach to control unknown nonlinear systems using only measured input-output data with closed-loop stability guarantees. Our scheme relies on the data-driven system parametrization provided by the Fundamental Lemma of Willems et al. We use new input-output measurements online to update the data, exploiting local linear approximations of the underlying system. We prove that our MPC scheme, which only requires solving strictly convex quadratic programs online, ensures that the closed loop (practically) converges to the (unknown) optimal reachable equilibrium that tracks a desired output reference. As intermediate results of independent interest, we extend the Fundamental Lemma to affine systems and we propose a data-driven tracking MPC scheme with guaranteed robustness. The theoretical analysis of this MPC scheme relies on novel robustness bounds w.r.t. noisy data for the open-loop optimal control problem, which are directly transferable to other data-driven MPC schemes in the literature. The applicability of our approach is illustrated with a numerical application to a continuous stirred tank reactor.      
### 46.Linear tracking MPC for nonlinear systems Part I: The model-based case  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.08560.pdf)
>  We develop a tracking MPC scheme for nonlinear systems using the linearized dynamics at the current state as a prediction model. Under reasonable assumptions on smoothness, the linearized dynamics, and convexity of the steady-state manifold, we prove that the proposed MPC scheme exponentially stabilizes the optimal reachable equilibrium w.r.t. a desired target setpoint. Our theoretical results rely on the fact that, close to the steady-state manifold, the prediction error of the linearization is small and hence, we can slide along the steady-state manifold towards the optimal reachable equilibrium. The closed-loop stability properties mainly depend on a cost matrix which allows us to trade off performance, robustness, and the size of the region of attraction. In an application to a nonlinear continuous stirred tank reactor, we show that the scheme, which only requires solving a convex quadratic program online, has comparable performance to a nonlinear MPC scheme while being computationally significantly more efficient. Further, our results provide the basis for controlling nonlinear systems based on data-dependent linear prediction models, which we explore in our companion paper.      
