# ArXiv eess --Fri, 21 May 2021
### 1.Multi-Frequency Phase Retrieval for Antenna Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09928.pdf)
>  Phase retrieval problems in antenna measurements arise when a reference phase cannot be provided to all measurement locations. Phase retrieval algorithms require sufficiently many independent measurement samples of the radiated fields to be successful. Larger amounts of independent data may improve the reconstruction of the phase information from magnitude-only measurements. We show how the knowledge of relative phases among the spectral components of a modulated signal at the individual measurement locations may be employed to reconstruct the relative phases between different measurement locations at all frequencies. Projection matrices map the estimated phases onto the space of fields possibly generated by equivalent antenna under test (AUT) sources at all frequencies. In this way, the phase of the reconstructed solution is not only restricted by the measurement samples at one frequency, but by the samples at allfrequencies simultaneously. The proposed method can increase the amount of independent phase information even if all probes are located in the far field of the AUT.      
### 2.Short Circuit and Arc Flash Study on a Microgrid Facility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09927.pdf)
>  Arc flash is one of the main hazards when operating an electrical facility. Without correct Personal Protective Equipment, the operator can be subjected to severe including fatal injuries. By code, facilities are required to properly label their electrical equipment that may be accessed by any operator. While energized, the operator proximity to the equipment can provide the necessary potential for an arc flash accident. The labels are mainly responsible for displaying the equipment short circuit and arc flash levels and the minimum PPE level required to operate it. These electrical hazard aspects become more critical in testbed facilities, usually located inside research centers and universities, where the electrical equipment is more frequently accessed by students and researchers. This paper develops complete modeling of a real microgrid testbed facility to perform short circuit and arc flash studies with the main goal to label the devices accessed by the facility researchers.      
### 3.POCFormer: A Lightweight Transformer Architecture for Detection of COVID-19 Using Point of Care Ultrasound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09913.pdf)
>  The rapid and seemingly endless expansion of COVID-19 can be traced back to the inefficiency and shortage of testing kits that offer accurate results in a timely manner. An emerging popular technique, which adopts improvements made in mobile ultrasound technology, allows for healthcare professionals to conduct rapid screenings on a large scale. We present an image-based solution that aims at automating the testing process which allows for rapid mass testing to be conducted with or without a trained medical professional that can be applied to rural environments and third world countries. Our contributions towards rapid large-scale testing include a novel deep learning architecture capable of analyzing ultrasound data that can run in real-time and significantly improve the current state-of-the-art detection accuracies using image-based COVID-19 detection.      
### 4.Improving Acquisition Speed of X-Ray Ptychography through Spatial Undersampling and Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09892.pdf)
>  X-ray ptychography is one of the versatile techniques for nanometer resolution imaging. The magnitude of the diffraction patterns is recorded on a detector and the phase of the diffraction patterns is estimated using phase retrieval techniques. Most phase retrieval algorithms make the solution well-posed by relying on the constraints imposed by the overlapping region between neighboring diffraction pattern samples. As the overlap between neighboring diffraction patterns reduces, the problem becomes ill-posed and the object cannot be recovered. To avoid the ill-posedness, we investigate the effect of regularizing the phase retrieval algorithm with image priors for various overlap ratios between the neighboring diffraction patterns. We show that the object can be faithfully reconstructed at low overlap ratios by regularizing the phase retrieval algorithm with image priors such as Total-Variation and Structure Tensor Prior. We also show the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm on real data acquired from an IC chip with a coherent X-ray beam.      
### 5.Power-Efficient Wireless Streaming of Multi-Quality Tiled 360 VR Video in MIMO-OFDMA Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09865.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the optimal wireless streaming of a multi-quality tiled 360 virtual reality (VR) video from a multi-antenna server to multiple single-antenna users in a multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO)-orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) system. In the scenario without user transcoding, we jointly optimize beamforming and subcarrier, transmission power, and rate allocation to minimize the total transmission power. This problem is a challenging mixed discretecontinuous optimization problem. We obtain a globally optimal solution for small multicast groups, an asymptotically optimal solution for a large antenna array, and a suboptimal solution for the general case. In the scenario with user transcoding, we jointly optimize the quality level selection, beamforming, and subcarrier, transmission power, and rate allocation to minimize the weighted sum of the average total transmission power and the transcoding power. This problem is a two-timescale mixed discrete-continuous optimization problem, which is even more challenging than the problem for the scenario without user transcoding. We obtain a globally optimal solution for small multicast groups, an asymptotically optimal solution for a large antenna array, and a low-complexity suboptimal solution for the general case. Finally, numerical results demonstrate the significant gains of proposed solutions over the existing solutions. significant gains of proposed solutions over the existing solutions.      
### 6.Fully Digital and Hybrid Beamforming Design For Millimeter-Wave MIMO-OFDM Two-Way Relaying Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09849.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider the design of hybrid analog-digital (HAD) multi-carrier MIMO-OFDM two-way relaying systems, where the relay station is equipped with a HAD amplify-and-forward architecture and every mobile station is equipped with a fully-digital beamforming architecture. We propose a sub-optimal solution by reformulating the original non-convex problem as a constrained Tucker2 decomposition with the objective of minimizing the sum Euclidean-norm between the HAD amplification matrices and their fully-digital counterparts. For the fully-digital amplification matrix design, we use a Frobenius-norm maximization of the effective channels on every subcarrier and propose an effective solution applicable for multi-stream communication scenarios. After that, we propose an alternating maximization (AltMax) HAD solution by exploiting the tensor structure of the reformulated problem. Simulation results are provided, where we show that the proposed fully-digital and AltMax-based HAD amplification matrix designs outperform some benchmark methods, especially for multi-stream communication scenarios.      
### 7.Coding Standards as Anchors for the CVPR CLIC video track  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09833.pdf)
>  In 2021, a new track has been initiated in the Challenge for Learned Image Compression~: the video track. This category proposes to explore technologies for the compression of short video clips at 1 Mbit/s. This paper proposes to generate coded videos using the latest standardized video coders, especially Versatile Video Coding (VVC). The objective is not only to measure the progress made by learning techniques compared to the state of the art video coders, but also to quantify their progress from years to years. With this in mind, this paper documents how to generate the video sequences fulfilling the requirements of this challenge, in a reproducible way, targeting the maximum performance for VVC.      
### 8.The multi-channel potentiostat: Development and Evaluation of a Scalable Mini-Potentiostat array for investigating electrochemical reaction mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09810.pdf)
>  A potentiostat is an essential piece of analytical equipment for studying electrochemical devices and reactions. As the design of electrochemical devices evolve applications for systems with multiple working electrodes have become more common. These applications drive a need for low-cost multi-channel potentiostat systems. We have developed a portable low-cost scalable system with a modular design that can support 8 to 64 channels at a cost as low as \$8 per channel. This design can replace the functionality of commercial potentiostats which cost upwards of \$10k for certain applications. Each channel in the multi-channel potentiostat has an independent adjustable voltage source with a built-in ammeter and switch, making the device flexible for various configurations. The multi-channel potentiostat is designed for low current applications (nA range), but its purpose can change by varying its shunt resistor value. The system can either function as a standalone device or remotely controlled. We demonstrate the functionality of this system for the control of a 24-channel bioelectronic ion pump for open- and closed- loop control of pH.      
### 9.Model Reduction for Inverters with Current Limiting and Dispatchable Virtual Oscillator Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09754.pdf)
>  This paper outlines reduced-order models for grid-forming virtual-oscillator-controlled inverters with nested current- and voltage-control loops, and current-limiting action for over-current protection. While a variety of model-reduction methods have been proposed to tame complexity in inverter models, previous efforts have not included the impact of current-reference limiting. In addition to acknowledging the current-limiting action, the reduced-order models we outline are tailored to networks with resistive and inductive interconnecting lines. Our analytical approach is centered on a smooth function approximation for the current-reference limiter, participation factor analysis to identify slow- and fast-varying states, and singular perturbation to systematically eliminate the fast states. Computational benefits and accuracy of the reduced-order models are benchmarked via numerical simulations that compare them to higher-order averaged and switched models.      
### 10.Anchor-based Plain Net for Mobile Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09750.pdf)
>  Along with the rapid development of real-world applications, higher requirements on the accuracy and efficiency of image super-resolution (SR) are brought forward. Though existing methods have achieved remarkable success, the majority of them demand plenty of computational resources and large amount of RAM, and thus they can not be well applied to mobile device. In this paper, we aim at designing efficient architecture for 8-bit quantization and deploy it on mobile device. First, we conduct an experiment about meta-node latency by decomposing lightweight SR architectures, which determines the portable operations we can utilize. Then, we dig deeper into what kind of architecture is beneficial to 8-bit quantization and propose anchor-based plain net (ABPN). Finally, we adopt quantization-aware training strategy to further boost the performance. Our model can outperform 8-bit quantized FSRCNN by nearly 2dB in terms of PSNR, while satisfying realistic needs at the same time. Code is avaliable at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/NJU-" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> Jet/SR_Mobile_Quantization.      
### 11.Covid-19 Detection from Chest X-ray and Patient Metadata using Graph Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09720.pdf)
>  The novel corona virus (Covid-19) has introduced significant challenges due to its rapid spreading nature through respiratory transmission. As a result, there is a huge demand for Artificial Intelligence (AI) based quick disease diagnosis methods as an alternative to high demand tests such as Polymerase Chain Reaction (PCR). Chest X-ray (CXR) Image analysis is such cost-effective radiography technique due to resource availability and quick screening. But, a sufficient and systematic data collection that is required by complex deep leaning (DL) models is more difficult and hence there are recent efforts that utilize transfer learning to address this issue. Still these transfer learnt models suffer from lack of generalization and increased bias to the training dataset resulting poor performance for unseen data. Limited correlation of the transferred features from the pre-trained model to a specific medical imaging domain like X-ray and overfitting on fewer data can be reasons for this circumstance. In this work, we propose a novel Graph Convolution Neural Network (GCN) that is capable of identifying bio-markers of Covid-19 pneumonia from CXR images and meta information about patients. The proposed method exploits important relational knowledge between data instances and their features using graph representation and applies convolution to learn the graph data which is not possible with conventional convolution on Euclidean domain. The results of extensive experiments of proposed model on binary (Covid vs normal) and three class (Covid, normal, other pneumonia) classification problems outperform different benchmark transfer learnt models, hence overcoming the aforementioned drawbacks.      
### 12.DPN-SENet:A self-attention mechanism neural network for detection and diagnosis of COVID-19 from chest x-ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09683.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: The new type of coronavirus is also called COVID-19. It began to spread at the end of 2019 and has now spread across the world. Until October 2020, It has infected around 37 million people and claimed about 1 million lives. We propose a deep learning model that can help radiologists and clinicians use chest X-rays to diagnose COVID-19 cases and show the diagnostic features of pneumonia. Methods: The approach in this study is: 1) we propose a data enhancement method to increase the diversity of the data set, thereby improving the generalization performance of the model. 2) Our deep convolution neural network model DPN-SE adds a self-attention mechanism to the DPN network. The addition of a self-attention mechanism has greatly improved the performance of the network. 3) Use the Lime interpretable library to mark the feature regions on the X-ray medical image that helps doctors more quickly diagnose COVID-19 in people. Results: Under the same network model, the data with and without data enhancement is put into the model for training respectively. At last, comparing two experimental results: among the 10 network models with different structures, 7 network models have improved their effects after using data enhancement, with an average improvement of 1% in recognition accuracy. We propose that the accuracy and recall rates of the DPN-SE network are 93% and 98% of cases (COVID vs. pneumonia bacteria vs. viral pneumonia vs. normal). Compared with the original DPN, the respective accuracy is improved by 2%. Conclusion: The data augmentation method we used has achieved effective results on a small amount of data set, showing that a reasonable data augmentation method can improve the recognition accuracy without changing the sample size and model structure. Overall, the proposed method and model can effectively become a very useful tool for clinical radiologists.      
### 13.Speaker disentanglement in video-to-speech conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09652.pdf)
>  The task of video-to-speech aims to translate silent video of lip movement to its corresponding audio signal. Previous approaches to this task are generally limited to the case of a single speaker, but a method that accounts for multiple speakers is desirable as it allows to i) leverage datasets with multiple speakers or few samples per speaker; and ii) control speaker identity at inference time. In this paper, we introduce a new video-to-speech architecture and explore ways of extending it to the multi-speaker scenario: we augment the network with an additional speaker-related input, through which we feed either a discrete identity or a speaker embedding. Interestingly, we observe that the visual encoder of the network is capable of learning the speaker identity from the lip region of the face alone. To better disentangle the two inputs -- linguistic content and speaker identity -- we add adversarial losses that dispel the identity from the video embeddings. To the best of our knowledge, the proposed method is the first to provide important functionalities such as i) control of the target voice and ii) speech synthesis for unseen identities over the state-of-the-art, while still maintaining the intelligibility of the spoken output.      
### 14.Data-driven Unknown-input Observers and State Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09626.pdf)
>  Unknown-input observers (UIOs) allow for estimation of the states of an LTI system without knowledge of all inputs. In this paper, we provide a novel data-driven UIO based on behavioral system theory and the result known as Fundamental Lemma proposed by Willems et al. [1]. We give necessary and sufficient conditions on the data collected from the system for the existence of a UIO providing asymptotically converging state estimates, and propose a purely data-driven algorithm for their computation. Even though we focus on UIOs, our results also apply to the standard case of completely known inputs. As an example, we apply the proposed method to distributed state estimation in DC microgrids and illustrate its potential for cyber-attack detection.      
### 15.Semantic segmentation of multispectral photoacoustic images using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09624.pdf)
>  Photoacoustic imaging has the potential to revolutionise healthcare due to the valuable information on tissue physiology that is contained in multispectral photoacoustic measurements. Clinical translation of the technology requires conversion of the high-dimensional acquired data into clinically relevant and interpretable information. In this work, we present a deep learning-based approach to semantic segmentation of multispectral photoacoustic images to facilitate the interpretability of recorded images. Manually annotated multispectral photoacoustic imaging data are used as gold standard reference annotations and enable the training of a deep learning-based segmentation algorithm in a supervised manner. Based on a validation study with experimentally acquired data of healthy human volunteers, we show that automatic tissue segmentation can be used to create powerful analyses and visualisations of multispectral photoacoustic images. Due to the intuitive representation of high-dimensional information, such a processing algorithm could be a valuable means to facilitate the clinical translation of photoacoustic imaging.      
### 16.Recognition of food-texture attributes using an in-ear microphone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09621.pdf)
>  Food texture is a complex property; various sensory attributes such as perceived crispiness and wetness have been identified as ways to quantify it. Objective and automatic recognition of these attributes has applications in multiple fields, including health sciences and food engineering. In this work we use an in-ear microphone, commonly used for chewing detection, and propose algorithms for recognizing three food-texture attributes, specifically crispiness, wetness (moisture), and chewiness. We use binary SVMs, one for each attribute, and propose two algorithms: one that recognizes each texture attribute at the chew level and one at the chewing-bout level. We evaluate the proposed algorithms using leave-one-subject-out cross-validation on a dataset with 9 subjects. We also evaluate them using leave-one-food-type-out cross-validation, in order to examine the generalization of our approach to new, unknown food types. Our approach performs very well in recognizing crispiness (0.95 weighted accuracy on new subjects and 0.93 on new food types) and demonstrates promising results for objective and automatic recognition of wetness and chewiness.      
### 17.FVC: A New Framework towards Deep Video Compression in Feature Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09600.pdf)
>  Learning based video compression attracts increasing attention in the past few years. The previous hybrid coding approaches rely on pixel space operations to reduce spatial and temporal redundancy, which may suffer from inaccurate motion estimation or less effective motion compensation. In this work, we propose a feature-space video coding network (FVC) by performing all major operations (i.e., motion estimation, motion compression, motion compensation and residual compression) in the feature space. Specifically, in the proposed deformable compensation module, we first apply motion estimation in the feature space to produce motion information (i.e., the offset maps), which will be compressed by using the auto-encoder style network. Then we perform motion compensation by using deformable convolution and generate the predicted feature. After that, we compress the residual feature between the feature from the current frame and the predicted feature from our deformable compensation module. For better frame reconstruction, the reference features from multiple previous reconstructed frames are also fused by using the non-local attention mechanism in the multi-frame feature fusion module. Comprehensive experimental results demonstrate that the proposed framework achieves the state-of-the-art performance on four benchmark datasets including HEVC, UVG, VTL and MCL-JCV.      
### 18.Optimal Bidding Strategy for a Distributed Energy Resource Aggregator in Energy and Reserve Markets Considering Security Check  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09558.pdf)
>  With their increasing penetration in power systems, distributed energy resources (DERs) have great potential to enhance their profits by participating in the electricity market via aggregation. Because most DERs are integrated into distribution systems, the strategic bidding behavior of a DER aggregator will have a significant impact on the operation of the distribution system. In this paper, a single-leader-multi-follower bi-level optimization model is proposed to investigate the strategic bidding behavior of the price-maker DER aggregator in day-ahead joint energy and reserve markets. The mixed-integer optimization problems for the security check of the distribution system are introduced as lower-level problems for the security check of the DERs' scheduling scheme under three different scenarios. The proposed complex bi-level problem is then transformed into a bi-level mixed-integer linear programming model and solved. First, a novel linearized power flow model for the distribution system considering the substation transformer tap is developed to simplify the security check problem. Then, the proposed bi-level model is globally solved using a proposed tailored optimization algorithm that integrates the traditional Karush-Kuhn-Tucker-based reformulation approach and a relaxation-based bi-level reformulation and decomposition algorithm. Finally, case studies are carried out on a constructed integrated transmission and distribution (T&amp;D) system and a practical integrated T&amp;D system. The simulation results indicate that the available services and the corresponding profits will decrease with the security limitation of the distribution system.      
### 19.Medical Image Segmentation using Squeeze-and-Expansion Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09511.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation is important for computer-aided diagnosis. Good segmentation demands the model to see the big picture and fine details simultaneously, i.e., to learn image features that incorporate large context while keep high spatial resolutions. To approach this goal, the most widely used methods -- U-Net and variants, extract and fuse multi-scale features. However, the fused features still have small "effective receptive fields" with a focus on local image cues, limiting their performance. In this work, we propose Segtran, an alternative segmentation framework based on transformers, which have unlimited "effective receptive fields" even at high feature resolutions. The core of Segtran is a novel Squeeze-and-Expansion transformer: a squeezed attention block regularizes the self attention of transformers, and an expansion block learns diversified representations. Additionally, we propose a new positional encoding scheme for transformers, imposing a continuity inductive bias for images. Experiments were performed on 2D and 3D medical image segmentation tasks: optic disc/cup segmentation in fundus images (REFUGE'20 challenge), polyp segmentation in colonoscopy images, and brain tumor segmentation in MRI scans (BraTS'19 challenge). Compared with representative existing methods, Segtran consistently achieved the highest segmentation accuracy, and exhibited good cross-domain generalization capabilities.      
### 20.Intelligent-Metasurface-Assisted Full-Duplex Wireless Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09436.pdf)
>  The limited radio-frequency spectrum is a fundamental factor in the design of wireless communication systems. The ever increasing number of wireless devices and systems has led to a crowded spectrum and increased the demand for versatile and multi-functional full-duplex wireless apparatuses. Recently, dynamic and intelligent metasurfaces are explored as a prominent technological solution to the current paradigm of spectrum scarcity by opportunistically sharing the spectrum with various users. In general, intelligent metasurfaces are dynamic, ultra-compact, multi-functional and programmable structures which are capable of both reciprocal and nonreciprocal signal wave transmissions in a full-duplex manner. The controllability and programmability of such metasurfaces are governed through the dc bias and occasionally a radio-frequency (RF) modulation applied to the the active components of the unit cells of the metasurface, e.g., diodes and transistors. This article shows that such intelligent metasurfaces can enhance the performance of wireless communications systems thanks to their unique features such as real-time signal coding, nonreciprocal-beam radiation, nonreciprocal beamsteering amplification, and advanced pattern-coding multiple access communication.      
### 21.Robust partial Fourier reconstruction for diffusion-weighted imaging using a recurrent convolutional neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09378.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop an algorithm for robust partial Fourier (PF) reconstruction applicable to diffusion-weighted (DW) images with non-smooth phase variations. <br>Methods: Based on an unrolled proximal splitting algorithm, a neural network architecture is derived which alternates between data consistency operations and regularization implemented by recurrent convolutions. In order to exploit correlations, multiple repetitions of the same slice are jointly reconstructed under consideration of permutation-equivariance. The proposed method is trained on DW liver data of 60 volunteers and evaluated on retrospectively and prospectively sub-sampled data of different anatomies and resolutions. In addition, the benefits of using a recurrent network over other unrolling strategies is investigated. <br>Results: Conventional PF techniques can be significantly outperformed in terms of quantitative measures as well as perceptual image quality. The proposed method is able to generalize well to brain data with contrasts and resolution not present in the training set. The reduction in echo time (TE) associated with prospective PF-sampling enables DW imaging with higher signal. Also, the TE increase in acquisitions with higher resolution can be compensated for. It can be shown that unrolling by means of a recurrent network produced better results than using a weight-shared network or a cascade of networks. <br>Conclusion: This work demonstrates that robust PF reconstruction of DW data is feasible even at strong PF factors in applications with severe phase variations. Since the proposed method does not rely on smoothness priors of the phase but uses learned recurrent convolutions instead, artifacts of conventional PF methods can be avoided.      
### 22.Exploring The Limits Of Data Augmentation For Retinal Vessel Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09365.pdf)
>  Retinal Vessel Segmentation is important for diagnosis of various diseases. The research on retinal vessel segmentation focuses mainly on improvement of the segmentation model which is usually based on U-Net architecture. In our study we use the U-Net architecture and we rely on heavy data augmentation in order to achieve better performance. The success of the data augmentation relies on successfully addressing the problem of input images. By analyzing input images and performing the augmentation accordingly we show that the performance of the U-Net model can be increased dramatically. Results are reported using the most widely used retina dataset, DRIVE.      
### 23.Compact Uniform Circular Quarter-Wavelength Monopole Antenna Arrays with Wideband Decoupling and Matching Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09333.pdf)
>  Two novel decoupling and matching networks (DMNs) in microstrip technology for three-element uniform circular arrays (UCAs) are investigated and compared to a more conventional DMN approach with simple neutralization lines. The array elements are coaxially-fed quarter-wavelength monopole antennas over a finite groundplane. Three-element arrays are considered since UCAs with an odd number of elements are able to provide an almost constant maximum array factor over the whole azimuthal angular range. The new designs are explained from a theoretical point of view and their implementations are compared to four- and three-elements UCAs without DMN in terms of decoupling and matching bandwidth as well as beamforming capabilities. In addition to excellent decoupling and matching below -16 dB, a broader bandwidth is obtained by the two DMNs. The reasons for the enhanced bandwidth are similar in both cases: By introducing several circuit elements offering additional degrees of freedom, matching of the monopole input impedances at different frequencies becomes feasible. One of the presented designs offers a larger bandwidth, while the other design is able to provide a better total efficiency. Scattering parameters, radiation patterns, beamforming capabilities, and enhanced gain are all verified by measurements over the operating bandwidth.      
### 24.Mondegreen: A Post-Processing Solution to Speech Recognition Error Correction for Voice Search Queries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09930.pdf)
>  As more and more online search queries come from voice, automatic speech recognition becomes a key component to deliver relevant search results. Errors introduced by automatic speech recognition (ASR) lead to irrelevant search results returned to the user, thus causing user dissatisfaction. In this paper, we introduce an approach, Mondegreen, to correct voice queries in text space without depending on audio signals, which may not always be available due to system constraints or privacy or bandwidth (for example, some ASR systems run on-device) considerations. We focus on voice queries transcribed via several proprietary commercial ASR systems. These queries come from users making internet, or online service search queries. We first present an analysis showing how different the language distribution coming from user voice queries is from that in traditional text corpora used to train off-the-shelf ASR systems. We then demonstrate that Mondegreen can achieve significant improvements in increased user interaction by correcting user voice queries in one of the largest search systems in Google. Finally, we see Mondegreen as complementing existing highly-optimized production ASR systems, which may not be frequently retrained and thus lag behind due to vocabulary drifts.      
### 25.Diagonal Stability of Systems with Rank-1 Interconnections and Application to Automatic Generation Control in Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09912.pdf)
>  We study a class of matrices with a rank-1 interconnection structure, and derive a simple necessary and sufficient condition for diagonal stability. The underlying Lyapunov function is used to provide sufficient conditions for diagonal stability of approximately rank-1 interconnections. The main result is then leveraged as a key step in a larger stability analysis problem arising in power systems control. Specifically, we provide the first theoretical stability analysis of automatic generation control (AGC) in an interconnected nonlinear power system. Our analysis is based on singular perturbation theory, and provides theoretical justification for the conventional wisdom that AGC is stabilizing under the typical time-scales of operation. We illustrate how our main analysis results can be leveraged to provide further insight into the tuning and dynamic performance of AGC.      
### 26.A Stochastic Operator Framework for Inexact Static and Online Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09884.pdf)
>  This paper provides a unified stochastic operator framework to analyze the convergence of iterative optimization algorithms for both static problems and online optimization and learning. In particular, the framework is well suited for algorithms that are implemented in an inexact or stochastic fashion because of (i) stochastic errors emerging in algorithmic steps, and because (ii) the algorithm may feature random coordinate updates. To this end, the paper focuses on separable operators of the form $T x = (T_1 x, \ldots, T_n x)$, defined over the direct sum of possibly infinite-dimensional Hilbert spaces, and investigates the convergence of the associated stochastic Banach-Picard iteration. Results in terms of convergence in mean and in high-probability are presented when the errors affecting the operator follow a sub-Weibull distribution and when updates $T_i x$ are performed based on a Bernoulli random variable. In particular, the results are derived for the cases where $T$ is contractive and averaged in terms of convergence to the unique fixed point and cumulative fixed-point residual, respectively. The results do not assume vanishing errors or vanishing parameters of the operator, as typical in the literature (this case is subsumed by the proposed framework), and links with exiting results in terms of almost sure convergence are provided. In the online optimization context, the operator changes at each iteration to reflect changes in the underlying optimization problem. This leads to an online Banach-Picard iteration, and similar results are derived where the bounds for the convergence in mean and high-probability further depend on the evolution of fixed points (i.e., optimal solutions of the time-varying optimization problem).      
### 27.Software Compensation of Undesirable Racking Motion of H-frame 3D Printers using Filtered B-Splines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09878.pdf)
>  The H-frame (also known as H-Bot) architecture is a simple and elegant two-axis parallel positioning system used to construct the XY stage of 3D printers. It holds potential for high speed and excellent dynamic performance due to the use of frame-mounted motors that reduce the moving mass of the printer while allowing for the use of (heavy) higher torque motors. However, the H-frame's dynamic accuracy is limited during high-acceleration and high-speed motion due to racking -- i.e., parasitic torsional motions of the printer's gantry due to a force couple. Mechanical solutions to the racking problem are either costly or detract from the simplicity of the H-frame. In this paper, we introduce a feedforward software compensation algorithm, based on the filtered B-splines (FBS) method, that rectifies errors due to racking. The FBS approach expresses the motion command to the machine as a linear combination of B-splines. The B-splines are filtered through an identified model of the machine dynamics and the control points of the B-spline based motion command are optimized such that the tracking error is minimized. To compensate racking using the FBS algorithm, an accurate frequency response function of the racking motion is obtained and coupled to the H-frame's x- and y-axis dynamics with a kinematic model. The result is a coupled linear parameter varying model of the H-frame that is utilized in the FBS framework to compensate racking. An approximation of the proposed racking compensation algorithm, that decouples the x- and y-axis compensation, is developed to significantly improve its computational efficiency with almost no loss of compensation accuracy. Experiments on an H-frame 3D printer demonstrate a 43 percent improvement in the shape accuracy of a printed part using the proposed algorithm compared to the standard FBS approach without racking compensation.      
### 28.Robust Dynamic Mode Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09869.pdf)
>  The paper develops a robust estimation method that makes the dynamic mode decomposition method resistant to outliers while being fast to compute and statistically efficient (i.e. accurate) at the Gaussian and non-Gaussian thick tailed distributions. The proposed robust dynamic mode decomposition (RDMD) is anchored on the theory of robust statistics. Specifically, it relies on the Schweppe-type Huber generalized maximum-likelihood estimator that minimizes a convex weighted Huber loss function, where the weights are calculated via projection statistics, thereby making the proposed RDMD robust to outliers, whether vertical outliers or bad leverage points. The performance of the proposed RDMD is demonstrated numerically using canonical models of dynamical systems. Simulation results reveal that it outperforms several other methods proposed in the literature, including the one based on the least trimmed squares estimator.      
### 29.Low-Latency Real-Time Non-Parallel Voice Conversion based on Cyclic Variational Autoencoder and Multiband WaveRNN with Data-Driven Linear Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09858.pdf)
>  This paper presents a low-latency real-time (LLRT) non-parallel voice conversion (VC) framework based on cyclic variational autoencoder (CycleVAE) and multiband WaveRNN with data-driven linear prediction (MWDLP). CycleVAE is a robust non-parallel multispeaker spectral model, which utilizes a speaker-independent latent space and a speaker-dependent code to generate reconstructed/converted spectral features given the spectral features of an input speaker. On the other hand, MWDLP is an efficient and a high-quality neural vocoder that can handle multispeaker data and generate speech waveform for LLRT applications with CPU. To accommodate LLRT constraint with CPU, we propose a novel CycleVAE framework that utilizes mel-spectrogram as spectral features and is built with a sparse network architecture. Further, to improve the modeling performance, we also propose a novel fine-tuning procedure that refines the frame-rate CycleVAE network by utilizing the waveform loss from the MWDLP network. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed framework achieves high-performance VC, while allowing for LLRT usage with a single-core of $2.1$--$2.7$~GHz CPU on a real-time factor of $0.87$--$0.95$, including input/output, feature extraction, on a frame shift of $10$ ms, a window length of $27.5$ ms, and $2$ lookup frames.      
### 30.High-Fidelity and Low-Latency Universal Neural Vocoder based on Multiband WaveRNN with Data-Driven Linear Prediction for Discrete Waveform Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09856.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel high-fidelity and low-latency universal neural vocoder framework based on multiband WaveRNN with data-driven linear prediction for discrete waveform modeling (MWDLP). MWDLP employs a coarse-fine bit WaveRNN architecture for 10-bit mu-law waveform modeling. A sparse gated recurrent unit with a relatively large size of hidden units is utilized, while the multiband modeling is deployed to achieve real-time low-latency usage. A novel technique for data-driven linear prediction (LP) with discrete waveform modeling is proposed, where the LP coefficients are estimated in a data-driven manner. Moreover, a novel loss function using short-time Fourier transform (STFT) for discrete waveform modeling with Gumbel approximation is also proposed. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed MWDLP framework generates high-fidelity synthetic speech for seen and unseen speakers and/or language on 300 speakers training data including clean and noisy/reverberant conditions, where the number of training utterances is limited to 60 per speaker, while allowing for real-time low-latency processing using a single core of $\sim\!$ 2.1--2.7~GHz CPU with $\sim\!$ 0.57--0.64 real-time factor including input/output and feature extraction.      
### 31.Semantic Security for Indoor THz-Wireless Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09840.pdf)
>  Physical-layer security (PLS) for industrial indoor terahertz (THz) wireless communication applications is considered. We use a similar model as being employed for additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) wireless communication channels. A cell communication and a directed communication scenario are analyzed to illustrate the achievable semantic security guarantees for a wiretap channel with finite-blocklength THz-wireless communication links. We show that weakly directed transmitter (Alice) antennas, which allow cell-type communication with multiple legitimate receivers (Bobs) without adaptation of the alignment, result in large insecure regions. In the directed communication scenario, the resulting insecure regions are shown to cover a large volume of the indoor environment only if the distance between Alice and Bob is large. Thus, our results for the two selected scenarios show that there is a stringent trade-off between the targeted semantic security level and the number of reliably and securely accessible legitimate receivers. Furthermore, effects of secrecy code parameters and antenna properties on the achievable semantic security levels are illustrated to show directions for possible improvements to guarantee practically-acceptable security levels with PLS methods for industrial indoor THz-wireless communication applications.      
### 32.Uncoded Binary Signaling through Modulo AWGN Channel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09831.pdf)
>  Modulo-wrapping receivers have attracted interest in several areas of digital communications, including precoding and lattice coding. The asymptotic capacity and error performance of the modulo AWGN channel have been well established. However, due to underlying assumptions of the asymptotic analyses, these findings might not always be realistic in physical world applications, which are often dimension- or delay-limited. In this work, the optimum ways to achieve minimum probability of error for binary signaling through a scalar modulo AWGN channel is examined under different scenarios where the receiver has access to full or partial information. In case of partial information at the receiver, an iterative estimation rule is proposed to reduce the error rate, and the performance of different estimators are demonstrated in simulated experiments.      
### 33.Robustness of end-to-end Automatic Speech Recognition Models -- A Case Study using Mozilla DeepSpeech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09742.pdf)
>  When evaluating the performance of automatic speech recognition models, usually word error rate within a certain dataset is used. Special care must be taken in understanding the dataset in order to report realistic performance numbers. We argue that many performance numbers reported probably underestimate the expected error rate. We conduct experiments controlling for selection bias, gender as well as overlap (between training and test data) in content, voices, and recording conditions. We find that content overlap has the biggest impact, but other factors like gender also play a role.      
### 34.The Adoption of Image-Driven Machine Learning for Microstructure Characterization and Materials Design: A Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09729.pdf)
>  The recent surge in the adoption of machine learning techniques for materials design, discovery, and characterization has resulted in an increased interest and application of Image Driven Machine Learning (IDML) approaches. In this work, we review the application of IDML to the field of materials characterization. A hierarchy of six action steps is defined which compartmentalizes a problem statement into well-defined modules. The studies reviewed in this work are analyzed through the decisions adopted by them at each of these steps. Such a review permits a granular assessment of the field, for example the impact of IDML on materials characterization at the nanoscale, the number of images in a typical dataset required to train a semantic segmentation model on electron microscopy images, the prevalence of transfer learning in the domain, etc. Finally, we discuss the importance of interpretability and explainability, and provide an overview of two emerging techniques in the field: semantic segmentation and generative adversarial networks.      
### 35.Channel Estimation for 6G V2X HybridSystems using Multi-Vehicular Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09689.pdf)
>  Channel estimation for hybrid Multiple Input Multiple Output (MIMO) systems at Millimeter-Waves (mmW)/sub-THz is a fundamental, despite challenging, prerequisite for an efficient design of hybrid MIMO precoding/combining. Most works propose sequential search algorithms, e.g., Compressive Sensing (CS), that are most suited to static channels and consequently cannot apply to highly dynamic scenarios such as Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X). To address the latter ones, we leverage \textit{recurrent vehicle passages} to design a novel Multi Vehicular (MV) hybrid MIMO channel estimation suited for Vehicle-to-Infrastructure (V2I) and Vehicle-to-Network (V2N) systems. Our approach derives the analog precoder/combiner through a MV beam alignment procedure. For the digital precoder/combiner, we adapt the Low-Rank (LR) channel estimation method to learn the position-dependent eigenmodes of the received digital signal (after beamforming), which is used to estimate the compressed channel in the communication phase. Extensive numerical simulations, obtained with ray-tracing channel data and realistic vehicle trajectories, demonstrate the benefits of our solution in terms of both achievable Spectral Efficiency (SE) and Mean Square Error (MSE) compared to the Unconstrained Maximum Likelihood (U-ML) estimate of the compressed digital channel, making it suitable for both 5G and future 6G systems. Most notably, in some scenarios, we obtain the performance of the optimal Fully Digital (FD) systems.      
### 36.A Connected Component Labelling algorithm for multi-pixel per clock cycle video strea  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09658.pdf)
>  This work describes the hardware implementation of a connected component labelling (CCL) module in reprogammable logic. The main novelty of the design is the "full", i.e. without any simplifications, support of a 4 pixel per clock format (4 ppc) and real-time processing of a 4K/UltraHD video stream (3840 x 2160 pixels) at 60 frames per second. To achieve this, a special labelling method was designed and a functionality that stops the input data stream in order to process pixel groups which require writing more than one merger into the equivalence table. The proposed module was verified in simulation and in hardware on the Xilinx Zynq Ultrascale+ MPSoC chip on the ZCU104 evaluation board.      
### 37.A Dispersed Federated Learning Framework for 6G-Enabled Autonomous Driving Cars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09641.pdf)
>  Sixth-Generation (6G)-based Internet of Everything applications (e.g. autonomous driving cars) have witnessed a remarkable interest. Autonomous driving cars using federated learning (FL) has the ability to enable different smart services. Although FL implements distributed machine learning model training without the requirement to move the data of devices to a centralized server, it its own implementation challenges such as robustness, centralized server security, communication resources constraints, and privacy leakage due to the capability of a malicious aggregation server to infer sensitive information of end-devices. To address the aforementioned limitations, a dispersed federated learning (DFL) framework for autonomous driving cars is proposed to offer robust, communication resource-efficient, and privacy-aware learning. A mixed-integer non-linear (MINLP) optimization problem is formulated to jointly minimize the loss in federated learning model accuracy due to packet errors and transmission latency. Due to the NP-hard and non-convex nature of the formulated MINLP problem, we propose the Block Successive Upper-bound Minimization (BSUM) based solution. Furthermore, the performance comparison of the proposed scheme with three baseline schemes has been carried out. Extensive numerical results are provided to show the validity of the proposed BSUM-based scheme.      
### 38.5G Deployment Strategies for High Positioning Accuracy in Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09584.pdf)
>  Indoor positioning is currently recognized as one of the important features in emergency, commercial and industrial applications. The 5G network enhances mobility, flexibility, reliability, and security to new higher levels which greatly benefit the IoT and industrial applications. Industrial IoT (IIoT) use-cases are characterized by ambitious system requirements for positioning accuracy in many verticals. For example, on the factory floor, it is important to locate assets and moving objects such as forklifts. The deployment design for different IIoT environments has a significant impact on the positioning per-performance in terms of both accuracy and availability of the service. Indoor factory (InF) and indoor open office (IOO) are two available and standardized Third Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) scenarios for evaluation of indoor channel models and positioning performance in IIoT use cases. This paper aims to evaluate the positioning performance in terms of accuracy and availability while considering different deployment strategies. Our simulation-based evaluation shows that deployment plays a vital role when it comes to achieving high accuracy positioning performance. It is for example favorable to deploy the 5G Transmission and Reception Points (TRPs) on the walls of the factory halls than deploying them attached to the ceiling.      
### 39.Real-time super-resolution mapping of locally anisotropic grain orientations for ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation of crystalline material  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09466.pdf)
>  Estimating the spatially varying microstructures of heterogeneous and locally anisotropic media non-destructively is necessary for the accurate detection of flaws and reliable monitoring of manufacturing processes. Conventional algorithms used for solving this inverse problem come with significant computational cost, particularly in the case of high dimensional non-linear tomographic problems. In this paper, we propose a framework which uses deep neural networks (DNNs) with full aperture, pitch-catch and pulse-echo transducer configurations to reconstruct material maps of crystallographic orientation. We also present the first ever application of generative adversarial networks (GANs) to achieve super resolution of ultrasonic tomographic images, providing a factor-four increase in image resolution and up to a 50% increase in structural similarity. The importance of including appropriate prior knowledge in the GAN training dataset to increase inversion accuracy is highlighted; known information about the material's structure should be present in the training data. We show that after a computationally expensive training process, the DNNs and GANs can be used in less that one second (0.9 seconds on a standard desktop computer) to provide a high resolution map of the material's grain orientations.      
### 40.Mobile Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces for NOMA Networks: Federated Learning Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09462.pdf)
>  A novel framework of reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs)-enhanced indoor wireless networks is proposed, where an RIS mounted on the robot is invoked to enable mobility of the RIS and enhance the service quality for mobile users. Meanwhile, non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) techniques are adopted to further increase the spectrum efficiency since RISs are capable to provide NOMA with artificial controlled channel conditions, which can be seen as a beneficial operation condition to obtain NOMA gains. To optimize the sum rate of all users, a deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) algorithm is invoked to optimize the deployment and phase shifts of the mobile RIS as well as the power allocation policy. In order to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of agent training for the DDPG agents, a federated learning (FL) concept is adopted to enable multiple agents to simultaneously explore similar environments and exchange experiences. We also proved that with the same random exploring policy, the FL armed deep reinforcement learning (DRL) agents can theoretically obtain a reward gain compare to the independent agents. Our simulation results indicate that the mobile RIS scheme can significantly outperform the fixed RIS paradigm, which provides about three times data rate gain compare to the fixed RIS paradigm. Moreover, the NOMA scheme is capable to achieve a gain of 42% in contrast with the OMA scheme in terms of sum rate. Finally, the multi-cell simulation proved that the FL enhanced DDPG algorithm has a superior convergence rate and optimization performance than the independent training framework.      
### 41.Optimal Distributed Bandwidth Allocation in NB-IoT Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09460.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate a key problem of Narrowband-Internet of Things (NB-IoT) in the context of 5G with Mobile Edge Computing (MEC). We address the challenge that IoT devices may have different priorities when demanding bandwidth for data transmission in specific applications and services. Due to the scarcity of bandwidth in an MEC enabled IoT network, our objective is to optimize bandwidth allocation for a group of NB-IoT devices in a way that the group can work collaboratively to maximize their overall utility. To this end, we design an optimal distributed algorithm and use simulations to demonstrate its efficacy to effectively manage various IoT data streams in a fully distributed framework.      
### 42.Superpixel-based Domain-Knowledge Infusion in Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09448.pdf)
>  Superpixels are higher-order perceptual groups of pixels in an image, often carrying much more information than raw pixels. There is an inherent relational structure to the relationship among different superpixels of an image. This relational information can convey some form of domain information about the image, e.g. relationship between superpixels representing two eyes in a cat image. Our interest in this paper is to construct computer vision models, specifically those based on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) to incorporate these superpixels information. We propose a methodology to construct a hybrid model that leverages (a) Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) to deal with spatial information in an image, and (b) Graph Neural Network (GNN) to deal with relational superpixel information in the image. The proposed deep model is learned using a generic hybrid loss function that we call a `hybrid' loss. We evaluate the predictive performance of our proposed hybrid vision model on four popular image classification datasets: MNIST, FMNIST, CIFAR-10 and CIFAR-100. Moreover, we evaluate our method on three real-world classification tasks: COVID-19 X-Ray Detection, LFW Face Recognition, and SOCOFing Fingerprint Identification. The results demonstrate that the relational superpixel information provided via a GNN could improve the performance of standard CNN-based vision systems.      
### 43.A Review of Autonomous Road Vehicle Integrated Approaches to an Emergency Obstacle Avoidance Maneuver  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09446.pdf)
>  As passenger vehicle technologies have advanced, so have their capabilities to avoid obstacles, especially with developments in tires, suspensions, steering, as well as safety technologies like ABS, ESC, and more recently, ADAS systems. However, environments around passenger vehicles have also become more complex, and dangerous. There have previously been studies that outline driver tendencies and performance capabilities when attempting to avoid obstacles while driving passenger vehicles. Now that autonomous vehicles are being developed with obstacle avoidance capabilities, it is important to target performance that meets or exceeds that of human drivers. This manuscript highlights systems that are crucial for an emergency obstacle avoidance maneuver (EOAM) and identifies the state-of-the-art for each of the related systems, while considering the nuances of traveling at highway speeds. Some of the primary EOAM-related systems/areas that are discussed in this review are: general path planning methods, system hierarchies, decision-making, trajectory generation, and trajectory-tracking control methods. After concluding remarks, suggestions for future work which could lead to an ideal EOAM development, are discussed.      
### 44.Point process simulation of Generalised inverse Gaussian processes and estimation of the Jaeger Integral  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09429.pdf)
>  In this paper novel simulation methods are provided for the Generalised inverse Gaussian (GIG) Lvy process. Such processes are intractable for simulation except in certain special edge cases, since the Lvy density associated with the GIG process is expressed as an integral involving certain Bessel Functions, known as the Jaeger Integral in diffusive transport applications. We here show for the first time how to solve the problem indirectly, using generalised shot-noise methods to simulate the underlying point processes and constructing an auxiliary variables approach that avoids any direct calculation of the integrals involved. The augmented bivariate process is still intractable and so we propose a novel thinning method based on upper bounds on the intractable integrand. Moreover our approach leads to lower and upper bounds on the Jaeger integral itself, which may be compared with other approximation methods. We note that the GIG process is the required Brownian motion subordinator for the generalised hyperbolic (GH) Lvy process and so our simulation approach will straightforwardly extend also to the simulation of these intractable proceses. Our new methods will find application in forward simulation of processes of GIG and GH type, in financial and engineering data, for example, as well as inference for states and parameters of stochastic processes driven by GIG and GH Lvy processes.      
### 45.Speech &amp; Song Emotion Recognition Using Multilayer Perceptron and Standard Vector Machine  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.09406.pdf)
>  Herein, we have compared the performance of SVM and MLP in emotion recognition using speech and song channels of the RAVDESS dataset. We have undertaken a journey to extract various audio features, identify optimal scaling strategy and hyperparameter for our models. To increase sample size, we have performed audio data augmentation and addressed data imbalance using SMOTE. Our data indicate that optimised SVM outperforms MLP with an accuracy of 82 compared to 75%. Following data augmentation, the performance of both algorithms was identical at ~79%, however, overfitting was evident for the SVM. Our final exploration indicated that the performance of both SVM and MLP were similar in which both resulted in lower accuracy for the speech channel compared to the song channel. Our findings suggest that both SVM and MLP are powerful classifiers for emotion recognition in a vocal-dependent manner.      
