# ArXiv eess --Mon, 10 May 2021
### 1.Robust output feedback model predictive control using online estimation bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03427.pdf)
>  We present a framework to design nonlinear robust output feedback model predictive control (MPC) schemes that ensure constraint satisfaction under noisy output measurements and disturbances. We provide novel estimation methods to bound the magnitude of the estimation error based on: stability properties of the observer; detectability; set-membership estimation; moving horizon estimation (MHE). Robust constraint satisfaction is guaranteed by suitably incorporating these online validated bounds on the estimation error in a homothetic tube based MPC formulation. In addition, we show how the performance can be further improved by combining MHE and MPC in a single optimization problem. The framework is applicable to a general class of detectable and (incrementally) stabilizable nonlinear systems. While standard output feedback MPC schemes use offline computed worst-case bounds on the estimation error, the proposed framework utilizes online validated bounds, thus reducing conservatism and improving performance. We demonstrate the reduced conservatism of the proposed framework using a nonlinear 10-state quadrotor example.      
### 2.Learning-enhanced robust controller synthesis with rigorous statistical and control-theoretic guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03397.pdf)
>  The combination of machine learning with control offers many opportunities, in particular for robust control. However, due to strong safety and reliability requirements in many real-world applications, providing rigorous statistical and control-theoretic guarantees is of utmost importance, yet difficult to achieve for learning-based control schemes. We present a general framework for learning-enhanced robust control that allows for systematic integration of prior engineering knowledge, is fully compatible with modern robust control and still comes with rigorous and practically meaningful guarantees. Building on the established Linear Fractional Representation and Integral Quadratic Constraints framework, we integrate Gaussian Process Regression as a learning component and state-of-the-art robust controller synthesis. In a concrete robust control example, our approach is demonstrated to yield improved performance with more data, while guarantees are maintained throughout.      
### 3.Integrated modelling of microvibrations induced by Solar Array Drive Mechanism for worst-case end-to-end analysis and robust disturbance estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03392.pdf)
>  Modern and future observation Space missions face increasingly more demanding pointing performance requirements. This is accompanied with the development of larger lightweight flexible structures. This paper outlines a methodology for modeling a generic multi-body flexible spacecraft in an end-to-end fashion within the Two-Inputs Two-Outputs Port framework: from disturbance all the way to pointing performance by tacking into account all the uncertainties of each sub-system. A particular focus is dedicated to a novel generic model for Solar Drive Array Mechanisms and its harmonic disturbances produced by the micro-stepping driver and the gearbox imperfections. The proposed model is validated with the on-board telemetries of a European spacecraft. Moreover this paper shows how the proposed model-based approach can be easily used for control design and closed-loop robust performance analysis. Worst-case scenarios of mechanical parameters combination are investigated to provide robust performance certificate of the reference study case. A Linear Parameter-Varying observer, scheduled by the solar array rotor angle, is finally proposed in order to estimate the disturbance torques induced by the gearbox imperfections just using the measurements coming from a classical attitude control system: a star tracker and a gyrometer.      
### 4.Polytopic Input Constraints in Learning-Based Optimal Control Using Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03376.pdf)
>  This work considers artificial feed-forward neural networks as parametric approximators in optimal control of discrete-time systems. Two different approaches are introduced to take polytopic input constraints into account. The first approach determines (sub-)optimal inputs by the application of gradient methods. Closed-form expressions for the gradient of general neural networks with respect to their inputs are derived. The approach allows to consider state-dependent input constraints, as well as to ensure the satisfaction of state constraints by exploiting recursive reachable set computations. The second approach makes use of neural networks with softmax output units to map states into parameters, which determine (sub-)optimal inputs by a convex combination of the vertices of the input constraint set. The application of both approaches in model predictive control is discussed, and results obtained for a numerical example are used for illustration.      
### 5.Soft-Attention Improves Skin Cancer Classification Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03358.pdf)
>  In clinical applications, neural networks must focus on and highlight the most important parts of an input image. Soft-Attention mechanism enables a neural network toachieve this goal. This paper investigates the effectiveness of Soft-Attention in deep neural architectures. The central aim of Soft-Attention is to boost the value of important features and suppress the noise-inducing features. We compare the performance of VGG, ResNet, InceptionResNetv2 and DenseNet architectures with and without the Soft-Attention mechanism, while classifying skin lesions. The original network when coupled with Soft-Attention outperforms the baseline[14] by 4.7% while achieving a precision of 93.7% on HAM10000 dataset. Additionally, Soft-Attention coupling improves the sensitivity score by 3.8% compared to baseline[28] and achieves 91.6% on ISIC-2017 dataset. The code is publicly available at github.      
### 6.Sparse time-frequency representation via atomic norm minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03345.pdf)
>  Nonstationary signals are commonly analyzed and processed in the time-frequency (T-F) domain that is obtained by the discrete Gabor transform (DGT). The T-F representation obtained by DGT is spread due to windowing, which may degrade the performance of T-F domain analysis and processing. To obtain a well-localized T-F representation, sparsity-aware methods using $\ell_1$-norm have been studied. However, they need to discretize a continuous parameter onto a grid, which causes a model mismatch. In this paper, we propose a method of estimating a sparse T-F representation using atomic norm. The atomic norm enables sparse optimization without discretization of continuous parameters. Numerical experiments show that the T-F representation obtained by the proposed method is sparser than the conventional methods.      
### 7.Model Selection CNN-based VVC QualityEnhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03338.pdf)
>  Artifact removal and filtering methods are inevitable parts of video coding. On one hand, new codecs and compression standards come with advanced in-loop filters and on the other hand, displays are equipped with high capacity processing units for post-treatment of decoded videos. This paper proposes a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)-based post-processing algorithm for intra and inter frames of Versatile Video Coding (VVC) coded streams. Depending on the frame type, this method benefits from normative prediction signal by feeding it as an additional input along with reconstructed signal and a Quantization Parameter (QP)-map to the CNN. Moreover, an optional Model Selection (MS) strategy is adopted to pick the best trained model among available ones at the encoder side and signal it to the decoder side. This MS strategy is applicable at both frame level and block level. The experiments under the Random Access (RA) configuration of the VVC Test Model (VTM-10.0) show that the proposed prediction-aware algorithm can bring an additional BD-BR gain of -1.3% compared to the method without the prediction information. Furthermore, the proposed MS scheme brings -0.5% more BD-BR gain on top of the prediction-aware method.      
### 8.Online Acoustic System Identification Exploiting Kalman Filtering and an Adaptive Impulse Response Subspace Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03337.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel algorithm for online estimation of acoustic impulse responses (AIRs) which allows for fast convergence by exploiting prior knowledge about the fundamental structure of AIRs. The proposed method assumes that the variability of AIRs of an acoustic scene is confined to a low-dimensional manifold which is embedded in a high-dimensional space of possible AIR estimates. We discuss various approaches to locally approximate the AIR manifold by affine subspaces which are assumed to be tangential hyperplanes to the manifold. The validity of these model assumptions is verified for simulated data. Subsequently, we describe how the learned models can be used to improve online AIR estimates by projecting them onto an adaptively estimated subspace. The parameters determining the subspace are learned from training samples in a local neighbourhood to the current AIR estimate. This allows the system identification algorithm to benefit from preceding estimates in the acoustic scene. To assess the proximity of training data AIRs to the current AIR estimate, we introduce a probabilistic extension of the Euclidean distance which improves the performance for applications with correlated excitation signals. Furthermore, we describe how model imperfections can be tackled by a soft projection of the AIR estimates. The proposed algorithm exhibits significantly faster convergence properties in comparison to a high-performance state-of-the-art algorithm. Furthermore, we show an improved steady-state performance for speech-excited system identification scenarios suffering from high-level interfering noise and nonunique solutions.      
### 9.LINN: Lifting Inspired Invertible Neural Network for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03303.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an invertible neural network for image denoising (DnINN) inspired by the transform-based denoising framework. The proposed DnINN consists of an invertible neural network called LINN whose architecture is inspired by the lifting scheme in wavelet theory and a sparsity-driven denoising network which is used to remove noise from the transform coefficients. The denoising operation is performed with a single soft-thresholding operation or with a learned iterative shrinkage thresholding network. The forward pass of LINN produces an over-complete representation which is more suitable for denoising. The denoised image is reconstructed using the backward pass of LINN using the output of the denoising network. The simulation results show that the proposed DnINN method achieves results comparable to the DnCNN method while only requiring 1/4 of learnable parameters.      
### 10.Joint Subcarrier and Power Allocation in MU OFDM DCSK Systems with Noise Reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03190.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the joint number of subcarriers and power optimization in Multi user Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing based Differential Chaotic Shift Keying systems with noise reduction. We first find a closed-form expression for the optimal number of references in MU OFDM DCSK systems, while existing works only consider the numerical simulations. Moreover, this paper is the first to consider jointly subcarrier and power allocation in the MU OFDM DCSK system by defining a fractional problem. The BER expression of the MU OFDM DCSK system as an objective function is nonconvex and complex, which makes the analytical solution so difficult. We make it tractable by converting the fractional problem into a subtractive form, which leads to a near optimal solution. Simulation results show that our proposed approach provides better BER performance than the existing plans.      
### 11.Integrated Radar Sensing and Communication-assisted Orthogonal Time Frequency Space Transmission for Vehicular Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03125.pdf)
>  Orthogonal time frequency space (OTFS) modulation is a promising candidate for supporting reliable information transmission in high-mobility vehicular networks. In this paper, we consider the employment of the integrated (radar) sensing and communication (ISAC) technique for assisting OTFS transmission in both uplink and downlink vehicular communication systems. Benefiting from the OTFS-ISAC signals, the roadside unit (RSU) is capable of simultaneously transmitting downlink information to the vehicles and estimating the sensing parameters of vehicles, e.g., locations and speeds, based on the reflected echoes. Then, relying on the estimated kinematic parameters of vehicles, the RSU can construct the topology of the vehicular network that enables the prediction of the vehicle states in the following time instant. Consequently, the RSU can effectively formulate the transmit downlink beamformers according to the predicted parameters to counteract the channel adversity such that the vehicles can directly detect the information without the need of performing channel estimation. As for the uplink transmission, the RSU can infer the delays and Dopplers associated with different channel paths based on the aforementioned dynamic topology of the vehicular network. Thus, inserting guard space as in conventional methods are not needed for uplink channel estimation which removes the required training overhead. Finally, an efficient uplink detector is proposed by taking into account the channel estimation uncertainty. Through numerical simulations, we demonstrate the benefits of the proposed ISAC-assisted OTFS transmission scheme.      
### 12.Self-Triggered Control for Near-Maximal Average Inter-Sample Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03110.pdf)
>  Self-triggered control (STC) is a sample-and-hold control method aimed at reducing communications within networked-control systems; however, existing STC mechanisms often maximize how late the next sample is, and as such they do not provide any sampling optimality in the long-term. In this work, we devise a method to construct self-triggered policies that provide near-maximal average inter-sample time (AIST) while respecting given control performance constraints. To achieve this, we rely on finite-state abstractions of a reference event-triggered control, in which early triggers are also allowed. These early triggers constitute controllable actions of the abstraction, for which an AIST-maximizing strategy can be computed by solving a mean-payoff game. We provide optimality bounds, and how to further improve them through abstraction refinement techniques.      
### 13.Bounded Synthesis and Reinforcement Learning of Supervisors for Stochastic Discrete Event Systems with LTL Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03081.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider supervisory control of stochastic discrete event systems (SDESs) under linear temporal logic specifications. Applying the bounded synthesis, we reduce the supervisor synthesis into a problem of satisfying a safety condition. First, we consider a synthesis problem of a directed controller using the safety condition. We assign a negative reward to the unsafe states and introduce an expected return with a state-dependent discount factor. We compute a winning region and a directed controller with the maximum satisfaction probability using a dynamic programming method, where the expected return is used as a value function. Next, we construct a permissive supervisor via the optimal value function. We show that the supervisor accomplishes the maximum satisfaction probability and maximizes the reachable set within the winning region. Finally, for an unknown SDES, we propose a two-stage model-free reinforcement learning method for efficient learning of the winning region and the directed controllers with the maximum satisfaction probability. We also demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method by simulation.      
### 14.NTIRE 2021 Challenge on Perceptual Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03072.pdf)
>  This paper reports on the NTIRE 2021 challenge on perceptual image quality assessment (IQA), held in conjunction with the New Trends in Image Restoration and Enhancement workshop (NTIRE) workshop at CVPR 2021. As a new type of image processing technology, perceptual image processing algorithms based on Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN) have produced images with more realistic textures. These output images have completely different characteristics from traditional distortions, thus pose a new challenge for IQA methods to evaluate their visual quality. In comparison with previous IQA challenges, the training and testing datasets in this challenge include the outputs of perceptual image processing algorithms and the corresponding subjective scores. Thus they can be used to develop and evaluate IQA methods on GAN-based distortions. The challenge has 270 registered participants in total. In the final testing stage, 13 participating teams submitted their models and fact sheets. Almost all of them have achieved much better results than existing IQA methods, while the winning method can demonstrate state-of-the-art performance.      
### 15.Self-Adaptive Transfer Learning for Multicenter Glaucoma Classification in Fundus Retina Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03068.pdf)
>  The early diagnosis and screening of glaucoma are important for patients to receive treatment in time and maintain eyesight. Nowadays, deep learning (DL) based models have been successfully used for computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) of glaucoma from retina fundus images. However, a DL model pre-trained using a dataset from one hospital center may have poor performance on a dataset from another new hospital center and therefore its applications in the real scene are limited. In this paper, we propose a self-adaptive transfer learning (SATL) strategy to fill the domain gap between multicenter datasets. Specifically, the encoder of a DL model that is pre-trained on the source domain is used to initialize the encoder of a reconstruction model. Then, the reconstruction model is trained using only unlabeled image data from the target domain, which makes the encoder in the model adapt itself to extract useful high-level features both for target domain images encoding and glaucoma classification, simultaneously. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed SATL strategy is effective in the domain adaptation task between a private and two public glaucoma diagnosis datasets, i.e. pri-RFG, REFUGE, and LAG. Moreover, the proposed strategy is completely independent of the source domain data, which meets the real scene application and the privacy protection policy.      
### 16.DeepRF: Deep Reinforcement Learning Designed RadioFrequency Waveform in MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03061.pdf)
>  A carefully engineered radiofrequency (RF) pulse plays a key role in a number of systems such as mobile phone, radar, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). The design of an RF waveform, however, is often posed as an inverse problem that has no general solution. As a result, various design methods each with a specific purpose have been developed based on the intuition of human experts. In this work, we propose an artificial intelligence-powered RF pulse design framework, DeepRF, which utilizes the self-learning characteristics of deep reinforcement learning (DRL) to generate a novel RF beyond human intuition. Additionally, the method can design various types of RF pulses via customized reward functions. The algorithm of DeepRF consists of two modules: the RF generation module, which utilizes DRL to explore new RF pulses, and the RF refinement module, which optimizes the seed RF pulses from the generation module via gradient ascent. The effectiveness of DeepRF is demonstrated using four exemplary RF pulses, slice-selective excitation pulse, slice-selective inversion pulse, B1-insensitive volume inversion pulse, and B1-insensitive selective inversion pulse, that are commonly used in MRI. The results show that the DeepRF-designed pulses successfully satisfy the design criteria while improving specific absorption rates when compared to those of the conventional RF pulses. Further analyses suggest that the DeepRF-designed pulses utilize new mechanisms of magnetization manipulation that are difficult to be explained by conventional theory, suggesting the potentials of DeepRF in discovering unseen design dimensions beyond human intuition. This work may lay the foundation for an emerging field of AI-driven RF waveform design.      
### 17.A Multivariate Density Forecast Approach for Online Power System Security Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03047.pdf)
>  A multivariate density forecast model based on deep learning is designed in this paper to forecast the joint cumulative distribution functions (JCDFs) of multiple security margins in power systems. Differing from existing multivariate density forecast models, the proposed method requires no a priori hypotheses on the distribution of forecasting targets. In addition, based on the universal approximation capability of neural networks, the value domain of the proposed approach has been proven to include all continuous JCDFs. The forecasted JCDF is further employed to calculate the deterministic security assessment index evaluating the security level of future power system operations. Numerical tests verify the superiority of the proposed method over current multivariate density forecast models. The deterministic security assessment index is demonstrated to be more informative for operators than security margins as well.      
### 18.A Symbolic Regression Method for Dynamic Modeling and Control of Quadrotor UAVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03032.pdf)
>  This paper presents a mathematic dynamic model of a quadrotor unmanned aerial vehicle (QUAV) by using the symbolic regression approach and then proposes a hierarchical control scheme for trajectory tracking. The symbolic regression approach is capable of constructing analytical quadrotor dynamic equations only through the collected data, which relieves the burden of first principle modeling. To facilitate position tracking control of a QUAV, the design of controller can be decomposed into two parts: a proportional-integral controller for the position subsystem is first designed to obtain the desired horizontal position and the backstepping method for the attitude subsystem is developed to ensure that the Euler angles and the altitude can fast converge to the reference values. The effectiveness is verified through experiments on a benchmark multicopter simulator.      
### 19.Recent Advances on Sub-Nyquist Sampling-Based Wideband Spectrum Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03029.pdf)
>  Cognitive radio (CR) is a promising technology enabling efficient utilization of the spectrum resource for future wireless systems. As future CR networks are envisioned to operate over a wide frequency range, advanced wideband spectrum sensing (WBSS) capable of quickly and reliably detecting idle spectrum bands across a wide frequency span is essential. In this article, we provide an overview of recent advances on sub-Nyquist sampling-based WBSS techniques, including compressed sensing-based methods and compressive covariance sensing-based methods. An elaborate discussion of the pros and cons of each approach is presented, along with some challenging issues for future research. A comparative study suggests that the compressive covariance sensing-based approach offers a more competitive solution for reliable real-time WBSS.      
### 20.Structured dataset documentation: a datasheet for CheXpert  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03020.pdf)
>  Billions of X-ray images are taken worldwide each year. Machine learning, and deep learning in particular, has shown potential to help radiologists triage and diagnose images. However, deep learning requires large datasets with reliable labels. The CheXpert dataset was created with the participation of board-certified radiologists, resulting in the strong ground truth needed to train deep learning networks. Following the structured format of Datasheets for Datasets, this paper expands on the original CheXpert paper and other sources to show the critical role played by radiologists in the creation of reliable labels and to describe the different aspects of the dataset composition in detail. Such structured documentation intends to increase the awareness in the machine learning and medical communities of the strengths, applications, and evolution of CheXpert, thereby advancing the field of medical image analysis. Another objective of this paper is to put forward this dataset datasheet as an example to the community of how to create detailed and structured descriptions of datasets. We believe that clearly documenting the creation process, the contents, and applications of datasets accelerates the creation of useful and reliable models.      
### 21.Data-Driven Contract Design for Multi-Agent Systems with Collusion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02931.pdf)
>  In applications such as participatory sensing and crowd sensing, self-interested agents exert costly effort towards achieving an objective for the system operator. We study such a setup where a principal incentivizes multiple agents of different types who can collude with each other to derive rent. The principal cannot observe the efforts exerted directly, but only the outcome of the task, which is a noisy function of the effort. The type of each agent influences the effort cost and task output. For a duopoly in which agents are coupled in their payments, we show that if the principal and the agents interact finitely many times, the agents can derive rent by colluding even if the principal knows the types of the agents. However, if the principal and the agents interact infinitely often, the principal can disincentivize agent collusion through a suitable data-driven contract.      
### 22.On the Time Series Length for an Accurate Fractal Analysis in Network Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02920.pdf)
>  It is well-known that fractal signals appear in many fields of science. LAN and WWW traces, wireless traffic, VBR resources, etc. are among the ones with this behavior in computer networks traffic flows. An important question in these applications is how long a measured trace should be to obtain reliable estimates of de Hurst index (H). This paper addresses this question by first providing a thorough study of estimator for short series based on the behavior of bias, standard deviation (s), Root-Mean-Square Error (RMSE), and convergence when using Gaussian H-Self-Similar with Stationary Increments signals (H-sssi signals). Results show that Whittle-type estimators behave the best when estimating H for short signals. Based on the results, empirically derived the minimum trace length for the estimators is proposed. Finally for testing the results, the application of estimators to real traces is accomplished. Immediate applications from this can be found in the real-time estimation of H which is useful in agent-based control of Quality of Service (QoS) parameters in the high-speed computer network traffic flows.      
### 23.Weakly Supervised Source-Specific Sound Level Estimation in Noisy Soundscapes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02911.pdf)
>  While the estimation of what sound sources are, when they occur, and from where they originate has been well-studied, the estimation of how loud these sound sources are has been often overlooked. Current solutions to this task, which we refer to as source-specific sound level estimation (SSSLE), suffer from challenges due to the impracticality of acquiring realistic data and a lack of robustness to realistic recording conditions. Recently proposed weakly supervised source separation offer a means of leveraging clip-level source annotations to train source separation models, which we augment with modified loss functions to bridge the gap between source separation and SSSLE and to address the presence of background. We show that our approach improves SSSLE performance compared to baseline source separation models and provide an ablation analysis to explore our method's design choices, showing that SSSLE in practical recording and annotation scenarios is possible.      
### 24.A Benchmarking on Cloud based Speech-To-Text Services for French Speech and Background Noise Effect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03409.pdf)
>  This study presents a large scale benchmarking on cloud based Speech-To-Text systems: {Google Cloud Speech-To-Text}, {Microsoft Azure Cognitive Services}, {Amazon Transcribe}, {IBM Watson Speech to Text}. For each systems, 40158 clean and noisy speech files about 101 hours are tested. Effect of background noise on STT quality is also evaluated with 5 different Signal-to-noise ratios from 40dB to 0dB. Results showed that {Microsoft Azure} provided lowest transcription error rate $9.09\%$ on clean speech, with high robustness to noisy environment. {Google Cloud} and {Amazon Transcribe} gave similar performance, but the latter is very limited for time-constraint usage. Though {IBM Watson} could work correctly in quiet conditions, it is highly sensible to noisy speech which could strongly limit its application in real life situations.      
### 25.Correlation in Neuronal Calcium Spiking: Quantification based on Empirical Mutual Information Rate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03400.pdf)
>  Quantification of neuronal correlations in neuron populations helps us to understand neural coding rules. Such quantification could also reveal how neurons encode information in normal and disease conditions like Alzheimer's and Parkinson's. While neurons communicate with each other by transmitting spikes, there would be a change in calcium concentration within the neurons inherently. Accordingly, there would be correlations in calcium spike trains and they could have heterogeneous memory structures. In this context, estimation of mutual information rate in calcium spike trains assumes primary significance. However, such estimation is difficult with available methods which would consider longer blocks for convergence without noticing that neuronal information changes in short time windows. Against this backdrop, we propose a faster method that exploits the memory structures in pair of calcium spike trains to quantify mutual information shared between them. Our method has shown superior performance with example Markov processes as well as experimental spike trains. Such mutual information rate analysis could be used to identify signatures of neuronal behavior in large populations in normal and abnormal conditions.      
### 26.A Survey of Applied Machine Learning Techniques for Optical OFDM based Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03289.pdf)
>  In this survey, we analyze the newest machine learning (ML) techniques for optical orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (O-OFDM)-based optical communications. ML has been proposed to mitigate channel and transceiver imperfections. For instance, ML can improve the signal quality under low modulation extinction ratio or can tackle both determinist and stochastic-induced nonlinearities such as parametric noise amplification in long-haul transmission. The proposed ML algorithms for O-OFDM can in particularly tackle inter-subcarrier nonlinear effects such as four-wave mixing and cross-phase modulation. In essence, these ML techniques could be beneficial for any multi-carrier approach (e.g. filter bank modulation). Supervised and unsupervised ML techniques are analyzed in terms of both O-OFDM transmission performance and computational complexity for potential real-time implementation. We indicate the strict conditions under which a ML algorithm should perform classification, regression or clustering. The survey also discusses open research issues and future directions towards the ML implementation.      
### 27.A Family of Hybrid Federated and Centralized Learning Architectures in Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03288.pdf)
>  Many of the machine learning tasks focus on centralized learning (CL), which requires the transmission of local datasets from the clients to a parameter server (PS) entailing huge communication overhead. To overcome this, federated learning (FL) has been a promising tool, wherein the clients send only the model updates to the PS instead of the whole dataset. However, FL demands powerful computational resources from the clients. Therefore, not all the clients can participate in training if they do not have enough computational resources. To address this issue, we introduce a more practical approach called hybrid federated and centralized learning (HFCL), wherein only the clients with sufficient resources employ FL, while the remaining ones send their datasets to the PS, which computes the model on behalf of them. Then, the model parameters corresponding to all clients are aggregated at the PS. To improve the efficiency of dataset transmission, we propose two different techniques: increased computation-per-client and sequential data transmission. The HFCL frameworks outperform FL with up to $20\%$ improvement in the learning accuracy when only half of the clients perform FL while having $50\%$ less communication overhead than CL since all the clients collaborate on the learning process with their datasets.      
### 28.Adaptive Focus for Efficient Video Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03245.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the spatial redundancy in video recognition with the aim to improve the computational efficiency. It is observed that the most informative region in each frame of a video is usually a small image patch, which shifts smoothly across frames. Therefore, we model the patch localization problem as a sequential decision task, and propose a reinforcement learning based approach for efficient spatially adaptive video recognition (AdaFocus). In specific, a light-weighted ConvNet is first adopted to quickly process the full video sequence, whose features are used by a recurrent policy network to localize the most task-relevant regions. Then the selected patches are inferred by a high-capacity network for the final prediction. During offline inference, once the informative patch sequence has been generated, the bulk of computation can be done in parallel, and is efficient on modern GPU devices. In addition, we demonstrate that the proposed method can be easily extended by further considering the temporal redundancy, e.g., dynamically skipping less valuable frames. Extensive experiments on five benchmark datasets, i.e., ActivityNet, FCVID, Mini-Kinetics, Something-Something V1&amp;V2, demonstrate that our method is significantly more efficient than the competitive baselines. Code will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/blackfeather-wang/AdaFocus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Energy-Efficient AI over a Virtualized Cloud Fog Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03221.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) have served as a catalyst in introducing a plethora of next-generation services in the era of Internet of Things (IoT), thanks to the availability of massive amounts of data collected by the objects on the edge. Currently, DNN models are used to deliver many Artificial Intelligence (AI) services that include image and natural language processing, speech recognition, and robotics. Accordingly, such services utilize various DNN models that make it computationally intensive for deployment on the edge devices alone. Thus, most AI models are offloaded to distant cloud data centers (CDCs), which tend to consolidate large amounts of computing and storage resources into one or more CDCs. Deploying services in the CDC will inevitably lead to excessive latencies and overall increase in power consumption. Instead, fog computing allows for cloud services to be extended to the edge of the network, which allows for data processing to be performed closer to the end-user device. However, different from cloud data centers, fog nodes have limited computational power and are highly distributed in the network. In this paper, using Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP), we formulate the placement of DNN inference models, which is abstracted as a network embedding problem in a Cloud Fog Network (CFN) architecture, where power savings are introduced through trade-offs between processing and networking. We study the performance of the CFN architecture by comparing the energy savings when compared to the baseline approach which is the CDC.      
### 30.Hierarchical sparse recovery from hierarchically structured measurements with application to massive random access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03169.pdf)
>  A new family of operators, coined hierarchical measurement operators, is introduced and discussed within the well-known hierarchical sparse recovery framework. Such operator is a composition of block and mixing operations and notably contains the Kronecker product as a special case. Results on their hierarchical restricted isometry property (HiRIP) are derived, generalizing prior work on recovery of hierarchically sparse signals from Kronecker-structured linear measurements. Specifically, these results show that, very surprisingly, sparsity properties of the block and mixing part can be traded against each other. The measurement structure is well-motivated by a massive random access channel design in communication engineering. Numerical evaluation of user detection rates demonstrate the huge benefit of the theoretical framework.      
### 31.Data-driven Rollout for Deterministic Optimal Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03116.pdf)
>  We consider deterministic infinite horizon optimal control problems with nonnegative stage costs. We draw inspiration from learning model predictive control scheme designed for continuous dynamics and iterative tasks, and propose a rollout algorithm that relies on sampled data generated by some base policy. Based upon value and policy iteration ideas, we show that the proposed algorithm applies to deterministic problems with arbitrary state and control spaces, arbitrary dynamics, and admits extensions to problems with trajectory constraints, and applications to the exploration of state space, and problems with multiagent structure with such flexibility. The validity of our assertions are demonstrated through various examples.      
### 32.Toward Interactive Modulation for Photo-Realistic Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03085.pdf)
>  Modulating image restoration level aims to generate a restored image by altering a factor that represents the restoration strength. Previous works mainly focused on optimizing the mean squared reconstruction error, which brings high reconstruction accuracy but lacks finer texture details. This paper presents a Controllable Unet Generative Adversarial Network (CUGAN) to generate high-frequency textures in the modulation tasks. CUGAN consists of two modules -- base networks and condition networks. The base networks comprise a generator and a discriminator. In the generator, we realize the interactive control of restoration levels by tuning the weights of different features from different scales in the Unet architecture. Moreover, we adaptively modulate the intermediate features in the discriminator according to the severity of degradations. The condition networks accept the condition vector (encoded degradation information) as input, then generate modulation parameters for both the generator and the discriminator. During testing, users can control the output effects by tweaking the condition vector. We also provide a smooth transition between GAN and MSE effects by a simple transition method. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed CUGAN achieves excellent performance on image restoration modulation tasks.      
### 33.SpeechNet: A Universal Modularized Model for Speech Processing Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03070.pdf)
>  There is a wide variety of speech processing tasks. For different tasks, model networks are usually designed and tuned separately. This paper proposes a universal modularized model, SpeechNet, which contains the five basic modules for speech processing. The concatenation of modules solves a variety of speech processing tasks. We select five important and common tasks in the experiments that use all of these five modules altogether. Specifically, in each trial, we jointly train a subset of all speech tasks under multi-task setting, with all modules shared. Then we can observe whether one task can benefit another during training. SpeechNet is modularized and flexible for incorporating more modules, tasks, or training approaches in the future. We will release the code and experimental settings to facilitate the research of modularized universal models or multi-task learning of speech processing tasks.      
### 34.Integrated Sensing and Communication with Multi-Domain Cooperation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03065.pdf)
>  With the continuous increase of the spectrum and antennas, endogenous sensing is now possible in the fifth generation and future wireless communication systems. However, sensing is a highly complex task for a heterogeneous communication network with massive connections. Seeking multi-domain cooperation is necessary. In this article, we present an integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) system that performs active, passive, and interactive sensing in different stages of communication through hardware and software. We also propose different methods about how multi-user and multi-frequency band cooperate to further enhance the ISAC system's performance. Finally, we elaborate on the advantages of multi-domain cooperation from the physical layer to the network layer for the ISAC system.      
### 35.SpeechMoE: Scaling to Large Acoustic Models with Dynamic Routing Mixture of Experts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03036.pdf)
>  Recently, Mixture of Experts (MoE) based Transformer has shown promising results in many domains. This is largely due to the following advantages of this architecture: firstly, MoE based Transformer can increase model capacity without computational cost increasing both at training and inference time. Besides, MoE based Transformer is a dynamic network which can adapt to the varying complexity of input instances in realworld applications. In this work, we explore the MoE based model for speech recognition, named SpeechMoE. To further control the sparsity of router activation and improve the diversity of gate values, we propose a sparsity L1 loss and a mean importance loss respectively. In addition, a new router architecture is used in SpeechMoE which can simultaneously utilize the information from a shared embedding network and the hierarchical representation of different MoE layers. Experimental results show that SpeechMoE can achieve lower character error rate (CER) with comparable computation cost than traditional static networks, providing 7.0%-23.0% relative CER improvements on four evaluation datasets.      
### 36.Retrieving Data Permutations from Noisy Observations: High and Low Noise Asymptotics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03015.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of recovering the permutation of an n-dimensional random vector X observed in Gaussian noise. First, a general expression for the probability of error is derived when a linear decoder (i.e., linear estimator followed by a sorting operation) is used. The derived expression holds with minimal assumptions on the distribution of X and when the noise has memory. Second, for the case of isotropic noise (i.e., noise with a diagonal scalar covariance matrix), the rates of convergence of the probability of error are characterized in the high and low noise regimes. In the low noise regime, for every dimension n, the probability of error is shown to behave proportionally to {\sigma}, where {\sigma} is the noise standard deviation. Moreover, the slope is computed exactly for several distributions and it is shown to behave quadratically in n. In the high noise regime, for every dimension n, the probability of correctness is shown to behave as 1/{\sigma}, and the exact expression for the rate of convergence is also provided.      
### 37.Efficient Weight factorization for Multilingual Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.03010.pdf)
>  End-to-end multilingual speech recognition involves using a single model training on a compositional speech corpus including many languages, resulting in a single neural network to handle transcribing different languages. Due to the fact that each language in the training data has different characteristics, the shared network may struggle to optimize for all various languages simultaneously. In this paper we propose a novel multilingual architecture that targets the core operation in neural networks: linear transformation functions. The key idea of the method is to assign fast weight matrices for each language by decomposing each weight matrix into a shared component and a language dependent component. The latter is then factorized into vectors using rank-1 assumptions to reduce the number of parameters per language. This efficient factorization scheme is proved to be effective in two multilingual settings with $7$ and $27$ languages, reducing the word error rates by $26\%$ and $27\%$ rel. for two popular architectures LSTM and Transformer, respectively.      
### 38.A Note on the Convolution of Circle Impulses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02997.pdf)
>  We present a formula for the convolution $\delta_{C_1}*\delta_{C_2}$ of two circle impulses. The derivation uses a classical addition theorem for Bessel functions.      
### 39.A Convexly Constrained LiGME Model and Its Proximal Splitting Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02994.pdf)
>  For the sparsity-rank-aware least squares estimations, the LiGME (Linearly involved Generalized Moreau Enhanced) model was established recently in [Abe, Yamagishi, Yamada, 2020] to use certain nonconvex enhancements of linearly involved convex regularizers without losing their overall convexities. In this paper, for further advancement of the LiGME model by incorporating multiple a priori knowledge as hard convex constraints, we newly propose a convexly constrained LiGME (cLiGME) model. The cLiGME model can utilize multiple convex constraints while preserving benefits achieved by the LiGME model. We also present a proximal splitting type algorithm for the proposed cLiGME model. Numerical experiments demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed model and the proposed optimization algorithm in a scenario of signal processing application.      
### 40.RIS-Aided Cell-Free Massive MIMO: Performance Analysis and Competitiveness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02986.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider and study a cell-free massive MIMO (CF-mMIMO) system aided with reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs), where a large number of access points (APs) cooperate to serve a smaller number of users with the help of RIS technology. We consider imperfect channel state information (CSI), where each AP uses the local channel estimates obtained from the uplink pilots and applies conjugate beamforming for downlink data transmission. Additionally, we consider random beamforming at the RIS during both training and data transmission phases. This allows us to eliminate the need of estimating each RIS assisted link, which has been proven to be a challenging task in literature. We then derive a closed-form expression for the achievable rate and use it to evaluate the system's performance supported with numerical results. We show that the RIS provided array gain improves the system's coverage, and provides nearly a 2-fold increase in the minimum rate and a 1.5-fold increase in the per-user throughput. We also use the results to provide preliminary insights on the number of RISs that need to be used to replace an AP, while achieving similar performance as a typical CF-mMIMO system with dense AP deployment.      
### 41.A Deep Transfer Learning-based Edge Computing Method for Home Health Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02960.pdf)
>  The health-care gets huge stress in a pandemic or epidemic situation. Some diseases such as COVID-19 that causes a pandemic is highly spreadable from an infected person to others. Therefore, providing health services at home for non-critical infected patients with isolation shall assist to mitigate this kind of stress. In addition, this practice is also very useful for monitoring the health-related activities of elders who live at home. The home health monitoring, a continuous monitoring of a patient or elder at home using visual sensors is one such non-intrusive sub-area of health services at home. In this article, we propose a transfer learning-based edge computing method for home health monitoring. Specifically, a pre-trained convolutional neural network-based model can leverage edge devices with a small amount of ground-labeled data and fine-tuning method to train the model. Therefore, on-site computing of visual data captured by RGB, depth, or thermal sensor could be possible in an affordable way. As a result, raw data captured by these types of sensors is not required to be sent outside from home. Therefore, privacy, security, and bandwidth scarcity shall not be issues. Moreover, real-time computing for the above-mentioned purposes shall be possible in an economical way.      
### 42.Recognition of handwritten MNIST digits on low-memory 2 Kb RAM Arduino board using LogNNet reservoir neural network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.02953.pdf)
>  The presented compact algorithm for recognizing handwritten digits of the MNIST database, created on the LogNNet reservoir neural network, reaches the recognition accuracy of 82%. The algorithm was tested on a low-memory Arduino board with 2 Kb static RAM low-power microcontroller. The dependences of the accuracy and time of image recognition on the number of neurons in the reservoir have been investigated. The memory allocation demonstrates that the algorithm stores all the necessary information in RAM without using additional data storage, and operates with original images without preliminary processing. The simple structure of the algorithm, with appropriate training, can be adapted for wide practical application, for example, for creating mobile biosensors for early diagnosis of adverse events in medicine. The study results are important for the implementation of artificial intelligence on peripheral constrained IoT devices and for edge computing.      
