# ArXiv eess --Fri, 23 Apr 2021
### 1.Enhanced Target Localization with Deployable Multiplatform Radar Nodes Based on Non-Convex Constrained Least Square Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11209.pdf)
>  A new algorithm for 3D localization in multiplatform radar networks, comprising one transmitter and multiple receivers, is proposed. To take advantage of the monostatic sensor radiation pattern features, ad-hoc constraints are imposed in the target localization process. Therefore, the localization problem is formulated as a non-convex constrained Least Square (LS) optimization problem which is globally solved in a quasi-closed-form leveraging Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) conditions. The performance of the new algorithm is assessed in terms of Root Mean Square Error (RMSE) in comparison with the benchmark Cramer Rao Lower Bound (CRLB) and some competitors from the open literature. The results corroborate the effectiveness of the new strategy which is capable of ensuring a lower RMSE than the counterpart methodologies especially in the low Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) regime.      
### 2.Complex-valued reservoir computing for aspect classification and slope-angle estimation with low computational cost and high resolution in interferometric synthetic aperture radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11182.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) is widely used for ground surface classification since it utilizes information on vegetation and soil unavailable in optical observation. Image classification often employs convolutional neural networks. However, they have serious problems such as long learning time and resolution degradation in their convolution and pooling processes. In this paper, we propose complex-valued reservoir computing (CVRC) to deal with complex-valued images in interferometric SAR (InSAR). We classify InSAR image data by using CVRC successfully with a higher resolution and a lower computational cost, i.e., one-hundredth learning time and one-fifth classification time, than convolutional neural networks. We also conduct experiments on slope angle estimation. CVRC is found applicable to quantitative tasks dealing with continuous values as well as discrete classification tasks with a higher accuracy.      
### 3.Opinion Dynamics under Social Pressure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11172.pdf)
>  We introduce a new opinion dynamics model where a group of agents holds two kinds of opinions: inherent and declared. Each agent's inherent opinion is fixed and unobservable by the other agents. At each time step, agents broadcast their declared opinions on a social network, which are governed by the agents' inherent opinions and social pressure. In particular, we assume that agents may declare opinions that are not aligned with their inherent opinions to conform with their neighbors. This raises the natural question: Can we estimate the agents' inherent opinions from observations of declared opinions? For example, agents' inherent opinions may represent their true political alliances (Democrat or Republican), while their declared opinions may model the political inclinations of tweets on social media. In this context, we may seek to predict the election results by observing voters' tweets, which do not necessarily reflect their political support due to social pressure. We analyze this question in the special case where the underlying social network is a complete graph. We prove that, as long as the population does not include large majorities, estimation of aggregate and individual inherent opinions is possible. On the other hand, large majorities force minorities to lie over time, which makes asymptotic estimation impossible.      
### 4.Transient and Asymptotic Properties of Robust Adaptive Controllers in the Presence of Non-Coercive Lyapunov Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11161.pdf)
>  Adaptive control architectures often make use of Lyapunov functions to design adaptive laws. We are specifically interested in adaptive control methods, such as the well-known L1 adaptive architecture, which employ a parameter observer for this purpose. In such architectures, the observation error plays a critical role in determining analytical bounds on the tracking error as well as robustness. In this paper, we show how the non-existence of coercive Lyapunov operators can impact the analytical bounds, and with it the performance and the robustness of such adaptive systems.      
### 5.A hybrid beamforming design for massive MIMO LEO satellite communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11158.pdf)
>  5G and future cellular networks intend to incorporate low earth orbit (LEO) satellite communication systems (SatCom) to solve the coverage and availability problems that cannot be addressed by satellite-based or ground-based infrastructure alone. This integration of terrestrial and non terrestrial networks poses many technical challenges which need to be identified and addressed. To this aim, we design and simulate the downlink of a LEO SatCom compatible with 5G NR, with a special focus on the design of the beamforming codebook at the satellite side. The performance of this approach is evaluated for the link between a LEO satellite and a mobile terminal in the Ku band, assuming a realistic channel model and commercial antenna array designs, both at the satellite and the terminal. Simulation results provide insights on open research challenges related to analog codebook design and hybrid beamforming strategies, requirements of the antenna terminals to provide a given SNR, or required beam reconfiguration capabilities among others.      
### 6.NanoNet: Real-Time Polyp Segmentation in Video Capsule Endoscopy and Colonoscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11138.pdf)
>  Deep learning in gastrointestinal endoscopy can assist to improve clinical performance and be helpful to assess lesions more accurately. To this extent, semantic segmentation methods that can perform automated real-time delineation of a region-of-interest, e.g., boundary identification of cancer or precancerous lesions, can benefit both diagnosis and interventions. However, accurate and real-time segmentation of endoscopic images is extremely challenging due to its high operator dependence and high-definition image quality. To utilize automated methods in clinical settings, it is crucial to design lightweight models with low latency such that they can be integrated with low-end endoscope hardware devices. In this work, we propose NanoNet, a novel architecture for the segmentation of video capsule endoscopy and colonoscopy images. Our proposed architecture allows real-time performance and has higher segmentation accuracy compared to other more complex ones. We use video capsule endoscopy and standard colonoscopy datasets with polyps, and a dataset consisting of endoscopy biopsies and surgical instruments, to evaluate the effectiveness of our approach. Our experiments demonstrate the increased performance of our architecture in terms of a trade-off between model complexity, speed, model parameters, and metric performances. Moreover, the resulting model size is relatively tiny, with only nearly 36,000 parameters compared to traditional deep learning approaches having millions of parameters.      
### 7.Power Efficient Communication for Low Signal to Noise Ratio Optical Links  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11124.pdf)
>  Receiver sensitivity is a particularly important metric in optical communication links operating at low signal-to-noise ratios (SNRs), for example in deep-space communication, since it directly limits the maximum achievable reach and data rate. Pulse position modulation (PPM) with direct detection photon-counting detectors are the most power-efficient solution known, however, the sensitivity gain comes at the expense of reduced spectral efficiency. We show that quadrature phase-shift keying (QPSK) modulation with a phase-sensitive ultralow noise pre-amplified coherent receiver outperforms other well-known power-efficient multi-dimensional coherent modulation formats, while simultaneously having higher spectral efficiency. It also results in better sensitivity than PPM for orders up to 64 with ideal direct detection using photon-counting receivers. This is because of the bit error rate characteristics favoring the QPSK format when forward error correction with a large overhead is considered.      
### 8.A Computationally Efficient Approach to Non-cooperative Target Detection and Tracking with Almost No A-priori Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11122.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of real-time detection and tracking of a non-cooperative target in the challenging scenario with almost no a-priori information about target birth, death, dynamics and detection probability. Furthermore, there are false and missing data at unknown yet low rates in the measurements. The only information given in advance is about the target-measurement model and the constraint that there is no more than one target in the scenario. To solve these challenges, we model the movement of the target by using a trajectory function of time (T-FoT). Data-driven T-FoT initiation and termination strategies are proposed for identifying the (re-)appearance and disappearance of the target. During the existence of the target, real target measurements are distinguished from clutter if the target indeed exists and is detected, in order to update the T-FoT at each scan for which we design a least-squares estimator. Simulations using either linear or nonlinear systems are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach in comparison with the Bayes optimal Bernoulli filters. The results show that our approach is comparable to the perfectly-modeled filters, even outperforms them in some cases while requiring much less a-prior information and computing much faster.      
### 9.Orthonormal Filters for Identification in Active Control Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11098.pdf)
>  Many active noise and vibration control systems require models of the control paths. When the controlled system changes slightly over time, adaptive digital filters for the identification of the models are useful. This paper aims at the investigation of a special class of adaptive digital filters: Orthonormal filter banks possess the robust and simple adaptation of the widely applied Finite Impulse Response (FIR) filters, but at a lower model order, which is important when considering implementation on embedded systems. However, the filter banks require prior knowledge about the resonance frequencies and damping of the structure. This knowledge can be supposed to be of limited precision, since in many practical systems, uncertainties in the structural parameters exist. In this work, a procedure using a number of training systems to find the fixed parameters for the filter banks is applied. The effect of uncertainties in the prior knowledge on the model error is examined both with a basic example and in an experiment. Furthermore, the possibilities to compensate for the imprecise prior knowledge by a higher filter order are investigated. Also comparisons with FIR filters are implemented in order to assess the possible advantages of the orthonormal filter banks. Numerical and experimental investigations show that significantly lower computational effort can be reached by the filter banks under certain conditions.      
### 10.High-Accuracy Ranging and Localization with Ultra-Wideband Communications for Energy-Constrained Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11042.pdf)
>  Ultra-wideband (UWB) communications have gained popularity in recent years for being able to provide distance measurements and localization with high accuracy, which can enhance the capabilities of devices in the Internet of Things (IoT). Since energy efficiency is of utmost concern in such applications, in this work we evaluate the power and energy consumption, distance measurements, and localization performance of two types of UWB physical interfaces (PHYs), which use either a low- or high-rate pulse repetition (LRP and HRP, respectively). The evaluation is done through measurements acquired in identical conditions, which is crucial in order to have a fair comparison between the devices. The LRP devices that we tested have the same ranging and localization performance, but ten times (10x) lower power consumption, 6x lower energy consumption per distance measurement, and at least 8x higher coverage than the HRP devices. Therefore, UWB LRP devices can offer high-accuracy ranging and localization even to ultra-low-power devices in the IoT. We performed measurements in typical LOS and NLOS scenarios and propose theoretical models for the distance errors obtained in these situations. The models can be used to simulate realistic building deployments and we illustrate such an example. This paper, therefore, provides a comprehensive overview of the energy demands, ranging characteristics, and localization performance of state-of-the-art UWB devices.      
### 11.Voice Privacy with Smart Digital Assistants in Educational Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11038.pdf)
>  The emergence of voice-assistant devices ushers in delightful user experiences not just on the smart home front, but also in diverse educational environments from classrooms to personalized-learning/tutoring. However, the use of voice as an interaction modality also could result in exposure of user's identity, and hinders the broader adoption of voice interfaces; this is especially important in environments where children are present and their voice privacy needs to be protected. To this end, building on state-of-the-art techniques proposed in the literature, we design and evaluate a practical and efficient framework for voice privacy at the source. The approach combines speaker identification (SID) and speech conversion methods to randomly disguise the identity of users right on the device that records the speech, while ensuring that the transformed utterances of users can still be successfully transcribed by Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) solutions. We evaluate the ASR performance of the conversion in terms of word error rate and show the promise of this framework in preserving the content of the input speech.      
### 12.SbD-Based Synthesis of Low-Profile WAIM Superstrates for Printed Patch Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11036.pdf)
>  An innovative strategy for the design of low-profile wide-angle impedance matching (WAIM) superstrates to active return loss (ARL) stability of scanned microstrip-printed periodic phased arrays (PPAs) is presented. Towards this end, an instance of the System-by-Design (SbD) paradigm is exploited and a task-oriented formulation of the WAIM synthesis problem is proposed. More specifically, a customized global optimization strategy is combined with an accurate and fast modeling of the array ARL, which is based on a semi-analytical approach, to enable an effective design of multi-layer structures with both isotropic and anisotropic materials. A set of representative numerical examples, concerned with different microstrip patch substrates, lattices, and design constraints, is presented to give the interested readers some insights on the features and the potentialities of the proposed implementation.      
### 13.Nonlinear Spatial Filtering in Multichannel Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11033.pdf)
>  The majority of multichannel speech enhancement algorithms are two-step procedures that first apply a linear spatial filter, a so-called beamformer, and combine it with a single-channel approach for postprocessing. However, the serial concatenation of a linear spatial filter and a postfilter is not generally optimal in the minimum mean square error (MMSE) sense for noise distributions other than a Gaussian distribution. Rather, the MMSE optimal filter is a joint spatial and spectral nonlinear function. While estimating the parameters of such a filter with traditional methods is challenging, modern neural networks may provide an efficient way to learn the nonlinear function directly from data. To see if further research in this direction is worthwhile, in this work we examine the potential performance benefit of replacing the common two-step procedure with a joint spatial and spectral nonlinear filter. <br>We analyze three different forms of non-Gaussianity: First, we evaluate on super-Gaussian noise with a high kurtosis. Second, we evaluate on inhomogeneous noise fields created by five interfering sources using two microphones, and third, we evaluate on real-world recordings from the CHiME3 database. In all scenarios, considerable improvements may be obtained. Most prominently, our analyses show that a nonlinear spatial filter uses the available spatial information more effectively than a linear spatial filter as it is capable of suppressing more than $D-1$ directional interfering sources with a $D$-dimensional microphone array without spatial adaptation.      
### 14.A Data-Adaptive Loss Function for Incomplete Data and Incremental Learning in Semantic Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11020.pdf)
>  In the last years, deep learning has dramatically improved the performances in a variety of medical image analysis applications. Among different types of deep learning models, convolutional neural networks have been among the most successful and they have been used in many applications in medical imaging. <br>Training deep convolutional neural networks often requires large amounts of image data to generalize well to new unseen images. It is often time-consuming and expensive to collect large amounts of data in the medical image domain due to expensive imaging systems, and the need for experts to manually make ground truth annotations. A potential problem arises if new structures are added when a decision support system is already deployed and in use. Since the field of radiation therapy is constantly developing, the new structures would also have to be covered by the decision support system. <br>In the present work, we propose a novel loss function, that adapts to the available data in order to utilize all available data, even when some have missing annotations. We demonstrate that the proposed loss function also works well in an incremental learning setting, where it can automatically incorporate new structures as they appear. Experiments on a large in-house data set show that the proposed method performs on par with baseline models, while greatly reducing the training time.      
### 15.Multi-task Semi-supervised Learning for Pulmonary Lobe Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11017.pdf)
>  Pulmonary lobe segmentation is an important preprocessing task for the analysis of lung diseases. Traditional methods relying on fissure detection or other anatomical features, such as the distribution of pulmonary vessels and airways, could provide reasonably accurate lobe segmentations. Deep learning based methods can outperform these traditional approaches, but require large datasets. Deep multi-task learning is expected to utilize labels of multiple different structures. However, commonly such labels are distributed over multiple datasets. In this paper, we proposed a multi-task semi-supervised model that can leverage information of multiple structures from unannotated datasets and datasets annotated with different structures. A focused alternating training strategy is presented to balance the different tasks. We evaluated the trained model on an external independent CT dataset. The results show that our model significantly outperforms single-task alternatives, improving the mean surface distance from 7.174 mm to 4.196 mm. We also demonstrated that our approach is successful for different network architectures as backbones.      
### 16.A Dissipativity Theory for Undiscounted Markov Decision Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10997.pdf)
>  Dissipativity theory is central to discussing the stability of policies resulting from minimzing economic stage costs. In its current form, the dissipativity theory applies to problems based on deterministic dynamics, and does not readily extends to Markov Decision Processes, where the dynamics are stochastic. In this paper, we clarify the core reason for this difficulty, and propose a generalization of the dissipativity theory that circumvents it. This generalization is based on nonlinear stage cost functionals, allowing one to discuss the Lyapunov asymptotic stability of policies for Markov Decision Processes in the set of probability measures. This theory is illustrated in the stochastic Linear Quadratic Regulator case, for which a storage functional can be provided analytically. For the sake of brevity, we limit our discussion to undiscounted MDPs.      
### 17.METGAN: Generative Tumour Inpainting and Modality Synthesis in Light Sheet Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10993.pdf)
>  Novel multimodal imaging methods are capable of generating extensive, super high resolution datasets for preclinical research. Yet, a massive lack of annotations prevents the broad use of deep learning to analyze such data. So far, existing generative models fail to mitigate this problem because of frequent labeling errors. In this paper, we introduce a novel generative method which leverages real anatomical information to generate realistic image-label pairs of tumours. We construct a dual-pathway generator, for the anatomical image and label, trained in a cycle-consistent setup, constrained by an independent, pretrained segmentor. The generated images yield significant quantitative improvement compared to existing methods. To validate the quality of synthesis, we train segmentation networks on a dataset augmented with the synthetic data, substantially improving the segmentation over baseline.      
### 18.Low-complexity Distributed Detection with One-bit Memory Under Neyman-Pearson Criterion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10980.pdf)
>  We consider a multi-stage distributed detection scenario, where $n$ sensors and a fusion center (FC) are deployed to accomplish a binary hypothesis test. At each time stage, local sensors generate binary messages, assumed to be spatially and temporally independent given the hypothesis, and then upload them to the FC for global detection decision making. We suppose a one-bit memory is available at the FC to store its decision history and focus on developing iterative fusion schemes. We first visit the detection problem of performing the Neyman-Pearson (N-P) test at each stage and give an optimal algorithm, called the oracle algorithm, to solve it. Structural properties and limitation of the fusion performance in the asymptotic regime are explored for the oracle algorithm. We notice the computational inefficiency of the oracle fusion and propose a low-complexity alternative, for which the likelihood ratio (LR) test threshold is tuned in connection to the fusion decision history compressed in the one-bit memory. The low-complexity algorithm greatly brings down the computational complexity at each stage from $O(4^n)$ to $O(n)$. We show that the proposed algorithm is capable of converging exponentially to the same detection probability as that of the oracle one. Moreover, the rate of convergence is shown to be asymptotically identical to that of the oracle algorithm. Finally, numerical simulations and real-world experiments demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of our distributed algorithm.      
### 19.Abstraction-Based Output-Feedback Control with State-Based Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10974.pdf)
>  We consider abstraction-based design of output-feedback controllers for non-linear dynamical systems against specifications over state-based predicates in linear-time temporal logic (LTL). In this context, our contribution is two-fold: (I) we generalize feedback-refinement relations for abstraction-based output-feedback control to systems with arbitrary predicate and observation maps, and (II) we introduce a new algorithm for the synthesis of abstract output-feedback controllers w.r.t. LTL specifications over unobservable state-based predicates. <br>Our abstraction-based output-feedback controller synthesis algorithm consists of two steps. First, we compute a finite state abstraction of the original system using existing techniques. This process typically leads to an abstract system with non-deterministic predicate and observation maps which are not necessarily related to each other. Second, we introduce an algorithm to compute an output-feedback controller for such abstract systems. Our algorithm is inspired by reactive synthesis under partial observation and utilizes bounded synthesis.      
### 20.Tracking Cells and their Lineages via Labeled Random Finite Sets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10964.pdf)
>  Determining the trajectories of cells and their lineages or ancestries in live-cell experiments are fundamental to the understanding of how cells behave and divide. This paper proposes novel online algorithms for jointly tracking and resolving lineages of an unknown and time-varying number of cells from time-lapse video data. Our approach involves modeling the cell ensemble as a labeled random finite set with labels representing cell identities and lineages. A spawning model is developed to take into account cell lineages and changes in cell appearance prior to division. We then derive analytic filters to propagate multi-object distributions that contain information on the current cell ensemble including their lineages. We also develop numerical implementations of the resulting multi-object filters. Experiments using simulation, synthetic cell migration video, and real time-lapse sequence, are presented to demonstrate the capability of the solutions.      
### 21.Towards Control of Dam and Reservoir Systems with Forward-Backward Stochastic Differential Equations Driven by Clustered Jumps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10954.pdf)
>  We deal with a new maximum principle-based stochastic control model for river management through operating a dam and reservoir system. The model is based on coupled forward-backward stochastic differential equations (FBSDEs) derived from jump-driven streamflow dynamics and reservoir water balance. A continuous-time branching process with immigration driven by a tempered stable subordinator efficiently describes clustered inflow streamflow dynamics. This is a completely new attempt in hydrology and control engineering. Applying a stochastic maximum principle to the dynamics based on an objective functional for designing cost-efficient control of dam and reservoir systems leads to the FBSDEs as a system of optimality equations. The FBSDEs under a linear-quadratic ansatz lead to a tractable model, while they are solved numerically in the other cases using a least-squares Monte-Carlo method. Optimal controls are found in the former, while only sub-optimal ones are computable in the latter due to a hard state constraint. Model parameters are successfully identified from a real data of a river in Japan having a dam and reservoir system. We also show that the linear-quadratic case can capture the real operation data of the system with underestimation of the outflow discharge. More complex cases with a realistic time horizon are analyzed numerically to investigate impacts of considering the environmental flows and seasonal operational purposes. Key challenges towards more sophisticated modeling and analysis with jump-driven FBSDEs are discussed as well.      
### 22.Joint Time and Power Allocation for 5G NR Unlicensed Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10875.pdf)
>  The fifth-generation (5G) and beyond networks are designed to efficiently utilize the spectrum resources to meet various quality of service (QoS) requirements. The unlicensed frequency bands used by WiFi are mainly deployed for indoor applications and are not always fully occupied. The cellular industry has been working to enable cellular and WiFi coexistence. In particular, 5G New Radio in unlicensed channel spectrum (NR-U) supports the uplink and downlink transmission on the maximum channel occupation time (MCOT) duration. In this paper, we consider maximizing the total throughput of both downlink and uplink in NR-U by jointly optimizing the time and power allocation during MCOT while ensuring fair coexistence with WiFi. Fairness is guaranteed in two steps: 1) tuning the access related parameters of NR-U to achieve proportional fairness, and 2) including 3GPP fairness from the throughput perspective as a constraint in NR-U throughput maximization. Numerical analysis and simulation have demonstrated the superior performance of the proposed resource allocation algorithm compared to conventional deployment strategies.      
### 23.Competing Epidemics on Graphs -- Global Convergence and Coexistence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10872.pdf)
>  The dynamics of the spread of contagions such as viruses, infectious diseases or even rumors/opinions over contact networks (graphs) have effectively been captured by the well known \textit{Susceptible-Infected-Susceptible} ($SIS$) epidemic model in recent years. When it comes to competition between two such contagions spreading on overlaid graphs, their propagation is captured by so-called \textit{bi-virus} epidemic models. Analysis of such dynamical systems involve the identification of equilibrium points and its convergence properties, which determine whether either of the viruses dies out, or both survive together. We demonstrate how the existing works are unsuccessful in characterizing a large subset of the model parameter space, including all parameters for which the competitiveness of the bi-virus system is significant enough to attain coexistence of the epidemics. In this paper, we fill in this void and obtain convergence results for the entirety of the model parameter space; giving precise conditions (necessary and sufficient) under which the system \textit{globally converges} to a \textit{trichotomy} of possible outcomes: a virus-free state, a single-virus state, and to a coexistence state -- the first such result.      
### 24.A Conditional Value-at-Risk Based Planning Model for Integrated Energy System with Energy Storage and Renewables  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10862.pdf)
>  Owing to the potential higher energy supply efficiency and operation flexibility, integrated energy system (IES), which usually includes electric power, gas and heating/cooling systems, is considered as one of the primary forms of energy carrier in the future. However, with the increasing complexity of multiple energy devices and systems integration, IES planning is facing a significant challenge in terms of risk assessment. To this end, an energy hub (EH) planning model considering renewable energy sources (RES) and energy storage system (ESS) integration is proposed in this paper, in which the risk is measured by Conditional Value-at-Risk (CVaR). The proposed IES planning model includes two stages: 1) investment planning on equipment types and capacity (e.g., energy converters, distributed RES and ESS) and 2) optimizing the potential risk loss in operation scenarios along with confidence level and risk preference. The problem solving is accelerated by Benders Decomposition and Improved Backward Scenario Reduction Method. The numerical results illustrate the effectiveness of proposed method in balancing the potential operation risk and investment cost. Moreover, the effectiveness of reducing potential operation risk by introducing ESS and RES are also verified.      
### 25.Frequency Domain Loss Function for Deep Exposure Correction of Dark Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10856.pdf)
>  We address the problem of exposure correction of dark, blurry and noisy images captured in low-light conditions in the wild. Classical image-denoising filters work well in the frequency space but are constrained by several factors such as the correct choice of thresholds, frequency estimates etc. On the other hand, traditional deep networks are trained end-to-end in the RGB space by formulating this task as an image-translation problem. However, that is done without any explicit constraints on the inherent noise of the dark images and thus produce noisy and blurry outputs. To this end we propose a DCT/FFT based multi-scale loss function, which when combined with traditional losses, trains a network to translate the important features for visually pleasing output. Our loss function is end-to-end differentiable, scale-agnostic, and generic; i.e., it can be applied to both RAW and JPEG images in most existing frameworks without additional overhead. Using this loss function, we report significant improvements over the state-of-the-art using quantitative metrics and subjective tests.      
### 26.Transient Stability of Power Systems Dominated by Different Types of Grid-Forming Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10849.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the transient stability of power systems co-dominated by different types of grid-forming (GFM) devices. Synchronous generators (SGs and VSGs) and droop-controlled inverters are typical GFM devices in modern power systems. SGs/VSGs are able to provide inertia while droop-controlled inverters are generally inertia-less. The transient stability of power systems dominated by homogeneous GFM devices has been extensively studied. Regarding the hybrid system jointly dominated by heterogeneous GFM devices, the transient stability is rarely reported. This paper aims to fill this gap. It is found that the synchronization behavior of the hybrid system can be described by a second-order motion equation, resembling the swing equation of SGs. More importantly, two significant differences from conventional power systems are discovered. The first is that the droop control dramatically enhances the damping effect, greatly affecting the transient stability region. The second is that the frequency state variable exhibits an abrupt change at the moment of fault disturbances, thus impacting the post-fault initial-state location and stability assessment. The underlying mechanism behind the two new characteristics is clarified and the impact on the transient stability is analyzed and verified in this paper. The findings provide new insights into the stability of power systems hosting heterogeneous devices.      
### 27.Building Bilingual and Code-Switched Voice Conversion with Limited Training Data Using Embedding Consistency Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10832.pdf)
>  Building cross-lingual voice conversion (VC) systems for multiple speakers and multiple languages has been a challenging task for a long time. This paper describes a parallel non-autoregressive network to achieve bilingual and code-switched voice conversion for multiple speakers when there are only mono-lingual corpora for each language. We achieve cross-lingual VC between Mandarin speech with multiple speakers and English speech with multiple speakers by applying bilingual bottleneck features. To boost voice cloning performance, we use an adversarial speaker classifier with a gradient reversal layer to reduce the source speaker's information from the output of encoder. Furthermore, in order to improve speaker similarity between reference speech and converted speech, we adopt an embedding consistency loss between the synthesized speech and its natural reference speech in our network. Experimental results show that our proposed method can achieve high quality converted speech with mean opinion score (MOS) around 4. The conversion system performs well in terms of speaker similarity for both in-set speaker conversion and out-set-of one-shot conversion.      
### 28.NTIRE 2021 Challenge on Quality Enhancement of Compressed Video: Dataset and Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10782.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel dataset for video enhancement and studies the state-of-the-art methods of the NTIRE 2021 challenge on quality enhancement of compressed video. The challenge is the first NTIRE challenge in this direction, with three competitions, hundreds of participants and tens of proposed solutions. Our newly collected Large-scale Diverse Video (LDV) dataset is employed in the challenge. In our study, we analyze the solutions of the challenges and several representative methods from previous literature on the proposed LDV dataset. We find that the NTIRE 2021 challenge advances the state-of-the-art of quality enhancement on compressed video. The proposed LDV dataset is publicly available at the homepage of the challenge: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYang-home/NTIRE21_VEnh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 29.NTIRE 2021 Challenge on Quality Enhancement of Compressed Video: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10781.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the first NTIRE challenge on quality enhancement of compressed video, with focus on proposed solutions and results. In this challenge, the new Large-scale Diverse Video (LDV) dataset is employed. The challenge has three tracks. Tracks 1 and 2 aim at enhancing the videos compressed by HEVC at a fixed QP, while Track 3 is designed for enhancing the videos compressed by x265 at a fixed bit-rate. Besides, the quality enhancement of Tracks 1 and 3 targets at improving the fidelity (PSNR), and Track 2 targets at enhancing the perceptual quality. The three tracks totally attract 482 registrations. In the test phase, 12 teams, 8 teams and 11 teams submitted the final results of Tracks 1, 2 and 3, respectively. The proposed methods and solutions gauge the state-of-the-art of video quality enhancement. The homepage of the challenge: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/RenYang-home/NTIRE21_VEnh" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 30.Reduced-order modeling of LPV systems in the Loewner framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10767.pdf)
>  We propose a model reduction method for LPV systems. We consider LPV state-space representations with an affine dependence on the scheduling variables. The main idea behind the proposed method is to compute the reduced order model in such a manner that its frequency domain transfer function coincides with that of the original model for some frequencies. The proposed method uses Loewner-like matrices, which can be calculated from the frequency domain representation of the system. The contribution of the paper represents an extension of the well-established Loewner framework to LPV models.      
### 31.HMM-Free Encoder Pre-Training for Streaming RNN Transducer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10764.pdf)
>  This work describes an encoder pre-training procedure using frame-wise label to improve the training of streaming recurrent neural network transducer (RNN-T) model. Streaming RNN-T trained from scratch usually performs worse and has high latency. Although it is common to address these issues through pre-training components of RNN-T with other criteria or frame-wise alignment guidance, the alignment is not easily available in end-to-end manner. In this work, frame-wise alignment, used to pre-train streaming RNN-T's encoder, is generated without using a HMM-based system. Therefore an all-neural framework equipping HMM-free encoder pre-training is constructed. This is achieved by expanding the spikes of CTC model to their left/right blank frames, and two expanding strategies are proposed. To our best knowledge, this is the first work to simulate HMM-based frame-wise label using CTC model. Experiments conducted on LibriSpeech and MLS English tasks show the proposed pre-training procedure, compared with random initialization, reduces the WER by relatively 5%~11% and the emission latency by 60 ms. Besides, the method is lexicon-free, so it is friendly to new languages without manually designed lexicon.      
### 32.Multiple Simultaneous Pseudo Image Classification with Random Fields and a Deep Belief Network for Disease Indication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10762.pdf)
>  We show how to use random field theory in a supervised, energy-based model for multiple pseudo image classification of 2D integer matrices. In the model, each row of a 2D integer matrix is a pseudo image where a local receptive field focuses on multiple portions of individual rows for simultaneous learning. The model is used for a classification task consisting of presence of patient biomarkers indicative of a particular disease.      
### 33.Scene-aware Far-field Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10757.pdf)
>  We propose a novel method for generating scene-aware training data for far-field automatic speech recognition. We use a deep learning-based estimator to non-intrusively compute the sub-band reverberation time of an environment from its speech samples. We model the acoustic characteristics of a scene with its reverberation time and represent it using a multivariate Gaussian distribution. We use this distribution to select acoustic impulse responses from a large real-world dataset for augmenting speech data. The speech recognition system trained on our scene-aware data consistently outperforms the system trained using many more random acoustic impulse responses on the REVERB and the AMI far-field benchmarks. In practice, we obtain 2.64% absolute improvement in word error rate compared with using training data of the same size with uniformly distributed reverberation times.      
### 34.A Concise Guide on the Integration of Battery Electric Buses into Urban Bus Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10752.pdf)
>  With the increasing market penetration of battery-electric buses into urban bus networks, practitioners face many novel planning problems. As a result, the interest in optimization-based decision-making for these planning problems increases but practitioners' requirements on planning solutions and current academic approaches often diverge. Against this background, this survey aims to provide a concise guide on optimization-based planning approaches for integrating battery-electric buses into urban bus networks for both practitioners and academics. First, we derive practitioners' requirements for integrating battery-electric buses from state-of-the-art specifications, project reports, and expert knowledge. Second, we analyze whether existing optimization-based planning models fulfill these practitioners' requirements. Based on this analysis, we carve out the existing gap between practice and research and discuss how to address these in future research.      
### 35.PocketNet: A Smaller Neural Network for 3D Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10745.pdf)
>  Overparameterized deep learning networks have shown impressive performance in the area of automatic medical image segmentation. However, they achieve this performance at an enormous cost in memory, runtime, and energy. A large source of overparameterization in modern neural networks results from doubling the number of feature maps with each downsampling layer. This rapid growth in the number of parameters results in network architectures that require a significant amount of computing resources, making them less accessible and difficult to use. By keeping the number of feature maps constant throughout the network, we derive a new CNN architecture called PocketNet that achieves comparable segmentation results to conventional CNNs while using less than 3% of the number of parameters.      
### 36.Electrification of Commercial E-buses by Utilizing Stationary Battery Energy Storage Systems for Mass Transportation Network in Los Angeles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10744.pdf)
>  The 2028 LA Olympics is approaching, and the mass transportation network requires to be expanded. The green electric bus transportation system is gaining increasing attention as an essential step to mitigate emission concerns. However, the introduction of a large electric bus fleet will increase the peak load demand, which will adversely affect the grid. This research addresses the issue of an increase in the peak load demand due to the introduction of the electric bus fleet. Therefore, the potential implementation of stationary battery energy storage systems is investigated to shave the peak load demand by providing energy during peak hours. Moreover, a fleet management software implementation has been demonstrated for a test case scenario in Los Angeles. As a result, based on specific energy demand values, battery hardware options, standard e-bus driving cycles and profiles, and local bus route characteristics, the optimal battery specifications, and power rates have been addressed. Moreover, techno-economic analysis has been carried out to demonstrate the cost-benefit analysis.      
### 37.Feedforward-Feedback wake redirection for wind farm control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10737.pdf)
>  This work presents a combined feedforward-feedback wake redirection framework for wind farm control. The FLORIS wake model, a control-oriented steady-state wake model is used to calculate optimal yaw angles for a given wind farm layout and atmospheric condition. The optimal yaw angles, which maximize the total power output, are applied to the wind farm. Further, the lidar-based closed-loop wake redirection concept is used to realize a local feedback on turbine level. The wake center is estimated from lidar measurements \unit[3]{D} downwind of the wind turbines. The dynamical feedback controllers support the feedforward controller and reject disturbances and adapt to model uncertainties. Altogether, the total framework is presented and applied to a nine turbine wind farm test case. In a high fidelity simulation study the concept shows promising results and an increase in total energy production compared to the baseline case and the feedforward-only case.      
### 38.The Maximal Eigengap Estimator for Acoustic Vector-Sensor Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10735.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the maximal eigengap estimator for finding the direction of arrival of a wideband acoustic signal using a single vector-sensor. We show that in this setting narrowband cross-spectral density matrices can be combined in an optimal weighting that approximately maximizes signal-to-noise ratio across a wide frequency band. The signal subspace resulting from this optimal combination of narrowband power matrices defines the maximal eigengap estimator. We discuss the advantages of the maximal eigengap estimator over competing methods, and demonstrate its utility in a real-data application using signals collected in 2019 from an acoustic vector-sensor deployed in the Monterey Bay.      
### 39.Towards Metric GPR Migration based on DNN Noise Removal and Dielectric Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10722.pdf)
>  Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) is one of the most important non-destructive evaluation (NDE) devices to detect the subsurface objects (i.e. rebars, utility pipes) and reveal the underground scene. Due to the background noise and unknown dielectric property of GPR data, the reconstruction of the subsurface objects with metric information remains the main challenge in GPR inspection. In this letter, a novel metric GPR migration method is proposed consisting of three steps to address the above challenge. Firstly, a noise removal segmentation model is introduced to clear the GPR raw data; furthermore, a DielectricNet is proposed to predict the dielectric of each GPR B-scan data and the depth of a target object; at the last step, we optimize the migration algorithm by using random motion pattern, thus to obtain the 3D metric migration result. We use both the field and synthetic data to verify the proposed method, experimental results show that our proposed method is able to achieve at least 10% improvement in reconstruction accuracy compared with the conventional migration methods.      
### 40.Multi-Class Micro-CT Image Segmentation Using Sparse Regularized Deep Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10705.pdf)
>  It is common in anthropology and paleontology to address questions about extant and extinct species through the quantification of osteological features observable in micro-computed tomographic (micro-CT) scans. In cases where remains were buried, the grey values present in these scans may be classified as belonging to air, dirt, or bone. While various intensity-based methods have been proposed to segment scans into these classes, it is often the case that intensity values for dirt and bone are nearly indistinguishable. In these instances, scientists resort to laborious manual segmentation, which does not scale well in practice when a large number of scans are to be analyzed. Here we present a new domain-enriched network for three-class image segmentation, which utilizes the domain knowledge of experts familiar with manually segmenting bone and dirt structures. More precisely, our novel structure consists of two components: 1) a representation network trained on special samples based on newly designed custom loss terms, which extracts discriminative bone and dirt features, 2) and a segmentation network that leverages these extracted discriminative features. These two parts are jointly trained in order to optimize the segmentation performance. A comparison of our network to that of the current state-of-the-art U-NETs demonstrates the benefits of our proposal, particularly when the number of labeled training images are limited, which is invariably the case for micro-CT segmentation.      
### 41.VATT: Transformers for Multimodal Self-Supervised Learning from Raw Video, Audio and Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11178.pdf)
>  We present a framework for learning multimodal representations from unlabeled data using convolution-free Transformer architectures. Specifically, our Video-Audio-Text Transformer (VATT) takes raw signals as inputs and extracts multimodal representations that are rich enough to benefit a variety of downstream tasks. We train VATT end-to-end from scratch using multimodal contrastive losses and evaluate its performance by the downstream tasks of video action recognition, audio event classification, image classification, and text-to-video retrieval. Furthermore, we study a modality-agnostic single-backbone Transformer by sharing weights among the three modalities. We show that the convolution-free VATT outperforms state-of-the-art ConvNet-based architectures in the downstream tasks. Especially, VATT's vision Transformer achieves the top-1 accuracy of 82.1% on Kinetics-400, 83.6% on Kinetics-600,and 41.1% on Moments in Time, new records while avoiding supervised pre-training. Transferring to image classification leads to 78.7% top-1 accuracy on ImageNet compared to 64.7% by training the same Transformer from scratch, showing the generalizability of our model despite the domain gap between videos and images. VATT's audio Transformer also sets a new record on waveform-based audio event recognition by achieving the mAP of 39.4% on AudioSet without any supervised pre-training.      
### 42.Fast Text-Only Domain Adaptation of RNN-Transducer Prediction Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11127.pdf)
>  Adaption of end-to-end speech recognition systems to new tasks is known to be challenging. A number of solutions have been proposed which apply external language models with various fusion methods, possibly with a combination of two-pass decoding. Also TTS systems have been used to generate adaptation data for the end-to-end models. In this paper we show that RNN-transducer models can be effectively adapted to new domains using only small amounts of textual data. By taking advantage of model's inherent structure, where the prediction network is interpreted as a language model, we can apply fast adaptation to the model. Adapting the model avoids the need for complicated decoding time fusions and external language models. Using appropriate regularization, the prediction network can be adapted to new domains while still retaining good generalization capabilities. We show with multiple ASR evaluation tasks how this method can provide relative gains of 10-45% in target task WER. We also share insights how RNN-transducer prediction network performs as a language model.      
### 43.Pose-Controllable Talking Face Generation by Implicitly Modularized Audio-Visual Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11116.pdf)
>  While accurate lip synchronization has been achieved for arbitrary-subject audio-driven talking face generation, the problem of how to efficiently drive the head pose remains. Previous methods rely on pre-estimated structural information such as landmarks and 3D parameters, aiming to generate personalized rhythmic movements. However, the inaccuracy of such estimated information under extreme conditions would lead to degradation problems. In this paper, we propose a clean yet effective framework to generate pose-controllable talking faces. We operate on raw face images, using only a single photo as an identity reference. The key is to modularize audio-visual representations by devising an implicit low-dimension pose code. Substantially, both speech content and head pose information lie in a joint non-identity embedding space. While speech content information can be defined by learning the intrinsic synchronization between audio-visual modalities, we identify that a pose code will be complementarily learned in a modulated convolution-based reconstruction framework. <br>Extensive experiments show that our method generates accurately lip-synced talking faces whose poses are controllable by other videos. Moreover, our model has multiple advanced capabilities including extreme view robustness and talking face frontalization. Code, models, and demo videos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://hangz-nju-cuhk.github.io/projects/PC-AVS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 44.Undiscounted Control Policy Generation for Continuous-Valued Optimal Control by Approximate Dynamic Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11093.pdf)
>  We present a numerical method for generating the state-feedback control policy associated with general undiscounted, constant-setpoint, infinite-horizon, nonlinear optimal control problems with continuous state variables. The method is based on approximate dynamic programming, and is closely related to approximate policy iteration. Existing methods typically terminate based on the convergence of the control policy and either require a discounted problem formulation or demand the cost function to lie in a specific subclass of functions. The presented method extends on existing termination criteria by requiring both the control policy and the resulting system state to converge, allowing for use with undiscounted cost functions that are bounded and continuous. This paper defines the numerical method, derives the relevant underlying mathematical properties, and validates the numerical method with representative examples. A MATLAB implementation with the shown examples is freely available.      
### 45.Trajectory Optimization and Resource Allocation for OFDMA UAV Relay Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11091.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a single-cell multi-user orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) network with one unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), which works as an amplify-and-forward relay to improve the quality-of-service (QoS) of the user equipments (UEs) in the cell edge. Aiming to improve the throughput while guaranteeing the user fairness, we jointly optimize the communication mode, subchannel allocation, power allocation, and UAV trajectory, which is an NP-hard problem. To design the UAV trajectory and resource allocation efficiently, we first decompose the problem into three subproblems, i.e., mode selection and subchannel allocation, trajectory optimization, and power allocation, and then solve these subproblems iteratively. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms the random algorithm and the cellular scheme.      
### 46.MRRT: Multiple Rapidly-Exploring Random Trees for Fast Online Replanning in Dynamic Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11059.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel algorithm, called MRRT, which uses multiple rapidly-exploring random trees for fast online replanning of autonomous vehicles in dynamic environments with moving obstacles. The proposed algorithm is built upon the RRT algorithm with a multi-tree structure. At the beginning, the RRT algorithm is applied to find the initial solution based on partial knowledge of the environment. Then, the robot starts to execute this path. At each iteration, the new obstacle configurations are collected by the robot's sensor and used to replan the path. This new information can come from unknown static obstacles (e.g., seafloor layout) as well as moving obstacles. Then, to accommodate the environmental changes, two procedures are adopted: 1) edge pruning, and 2) tree regrowing. Specifically, the edge pruning procedure checks the collision status through the tree and only removes the invalid edges while maintaining the tree structure of already-explored regions. Due to removal of invalid edges, the tree could be broken into multiple disjoint trees. As such, the RRT algorithm is applied to regrow the trees. Specifically, a sample is created randomly and joined to all the disjoint trees in its local neighborhood by connecting to the nearest nodes. Finally, a new solution is found for the robot. The advantages of the proposed MRRT algorithm are as follows: i) retains the maximal tree structure by only pruning the edges which collide with the obstacles, ii) guarantees probabilistic completeness, and iii) is computational efficient for fast replanning since all disjoint trees are maintained for future connections and expanded simultaneously.      
### 47.Model-Driven Deep Learning Based Channel Estimation and Feedback for Millimeter-Wave Massive Hybrid MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11052.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a model-driven deep learning (MDDL)-based channel estimation and feedback scheme for wideband millimeter-wave (mmWave) massive hybrid multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems, where the angle-delay domain channels' sparsity is exploited for reducing the overhead. Firstly, we consider the uplink channel estimation for time-division duplexing systems. To reduce the uplink pilot overhead for estimating the high-dimensional channels from a limited number of radio frequency (RF) chains at the base station (BS), we propose to jointly train the phase shift network and the channel estimator as an auto-encoder. Particularly, by exploiting the channels' structured sparsity from an a priori model and learning the integrated trainable parameters from the data samples, the proposed multiple-measurement-vectors learned approximate message passing (MMV-LAMP) network with the devised redundant dictionary can jointly recover multiple subcarriers' channels with significantly enhanced performance. Moreover, we consider the downlink channel estimation and feedback for frequency-division duplexing systems. Similarly, the pilots at the BS and channel estimator at the users can be jointly trained as an encoder and a decoder, respectively. Besides, to further reduce the channel feedback overhead, only the received pilots on part of the subcarriers are fed back to the BS, which can exploit the MMV-LAMP network to reconstruct the spatial-frequency channel matrix. Numerical results show that the proposed MDDL-based channel estimation and feedback scheme outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 48.Protecting gender and identity with disentangled speech representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11051.pdf)
>  Besides its linguistic content, our speech is rich in biometric information that can be inferred by classifiers. Learning privacy-preserving representations for speech signals enables downstream tasks without sharing unnecessary, private information about an individual. In this paper, we show that protecting gender information in speech is more effective than modelling speaker-identity information only when generating a non-sensitive representation of speech. Our method relies on reconstructing speech by decoding linguistic content along with gender information using a variational autoencoder. Specifically, we exploit disentangled representation learning to encode information about different attributes into separate subspaces that can be factorised independently. We present a novel way to encode gender information and disentangle two sensitive biometric identifiers, namely gender and identity, in a privacy-protecting setting. Experiments on the LibriSpeech dataset show that gender recognition and speaker verification can be reduced to a random guess, protecting against classification-based attacks, while maintaining the utility of the signal for speech recognition.      
### 49.How emoji and word embedding helps to unveil emotional transitions during online messaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.11032.pdf)
>  During online chats, body-language and vocal characteristics are not part of the communication mechanism making it challenging to facilitate an accurate interpretation of feelings, emotions, and attitudes. The use of emojis to express emotional feeling is an alternative approach in these types of communication. In this project, we focus on modeling a customer's emotion in an online messaging session with a chatbot. We use Affect Control Theory (ACT) to predict emotional change during the interaction. To let the customer use emojis, we also extend the affective dictionaries used by ACT. For this purpose, we mapped Emoji2vec embedding to the affective space. Our framework can find emotional change during messaging and how a customer's reaction is changed accordingly.      
### 50.A Composable Glitch-Aware Delay Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10966.pdf)
>  We introduce the Composable Involution Delay Model (CIDM) for fast and accurate digital simulation. It is based on the Involution Delay Model (IDM) [Fgger et al., IEEE TCAD 2020], which has been shown to be the only existing candidate for faithful glitch propagation known so far. In its present form, however, it has shortcomings that limit its practical applicability and utility. First, IDM delay predictions are conceptually based on discretizing the analog signal waveforms using specific matching input and output discretization threshold voltages. Unfortunately, they are difficult to determine and typically different for interconnected gates. Second, metastability and high-frequency oscillations in a real circuit could be invisible in the IDM signal predictions. Our CIDM reduces the characterization effort by allowing independent discretization thresholds, improves composability and increases the modeling power by exposing canceled pulse trains at the gate interconnect. We formally show that, despite these improvements, the CIDM still retains the IDM's faithfulness, which is a consequence of the mathematical properties of involution delay functions.      
### 51.Privacy-Preserved Blockchain-Federated-Learning for Medical Image Analysis Towards Multiple Parties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10903.pdf)
>  To share the patient\textquoteright s data in the blockchain network can help to learn the accurate deep learning model for the better prediction of COVID-19 patients. However, privacy (e.g., data leakage) and security (e.g., reliability or trust of data) concerns are the main challenging task for the health care centers. To solve this challenging task, this article designs a privacy-preserving framework based on federated learning and blockchain. In the first step, we train the local model by using the capsule network for the segmentation and classification of the COVID-19 images. The segmentation aims to extract nodules and classification to train the model. In the second step, we secure the local model through the homomorphic encryption scheme. The designed scheme encrypts and decrypts the gradients for federated learning. Moreover, for the decentralization of the model, we design a blockchain-based federated learning algorithm that can aggregate the gradients and update the local model. In this way, the proposed encryption scheme achieves the data provider privacy, and blockchain guarantees the reliability of the shared data. The experiment results demonstrate the performance of the proposed scheme.      
### 52.Resilient Ramp Control for Highways Facing Stochastic Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10823.pdf)
>  Highway capacity is subject to stochastic perturbations due to weather, traffic mixture, driver behavior, etc. However, systematic approaches to traffic control with performance guarantees in the face of such perturbations are still limited. In this paper, we develop a novel control-theoretic method for designing perturbation-resilient ramp metering. We consider a cell-transmission model with 1) Markovian cell capacities and 2) buffers representing on-ramps and upstream mainline. Using this model, we analyze the stability of on-ramp queues by constructing piecewise Lyapunov functions motivated by the nonlinear traffic dynamics. Then, we design ramp controllers that guarantee bounds for throughput and queue sizes. We formulate the coordinated ramp metering problem as a bi-level optimization with non-convex inner problems. To address the computational issue, we also consider a localized and a partially coordinated reformulation. A case study of a 18.1-km highway in Los Angeles, USA indicates a 7.6\% (resp. 8.8\%) reduction of vehicle-hours-traveled obtained by the localized (resp. partially coordinated) control, both outperforming the 5.4\% reduction obtained by the classical ALINEA policy.      
### 53.Development of aircraft spoiler demonstrators to test strain-based SHM under realistic loading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10763.pdf)
>  An idealized demonstrator of an civil aircraft wing spoiler in scale 1:2 is developed to evaluate strain-based structural health monitoring (SHM) methods under realistic loading conditions. SHM promises to increase operational safety and reduce maintenance costs of optimized lightweight structures by its early damage detection capabilities. Also localization and size identification of damages could be shown for simple parts, e.g. beams or plates in many laboratory experiments. However, the application of SHM systems on real structures under realistic loading conditions is cost intensive and time consuming. Furthermore, testing facilities which are large enough to fit full scale aircraft parts are often not available. The proposed procedure of developing a scaled spoiler demonstrator under idealized loading and support conditions solves these issues for strain-based SHM. The procedure shows how to reproduce the deformation shape of a real aircraft spoiler under a heavy loading condition during landing by numerical optimization. Subsequent finite element simulations and experimental measurements proved similar deformations and strain states of the idealized demonstrator and the real spoiler. Thus, using the developed idealized spoiler demonstrator strain-based SHM systems can be tested under loading conditions similar to realistic operational loads by significantly reduced test effort and costs.      
### 54.Reinforcement learning for Admission Control in 5G Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10761.pdf)
>  The key challenge in admission control in wireless networks is to strike an optimal trade-off between the blocking probability for new requests while minimizing the dropping probability of ongoing requests. We consider two approaches for solving the admission control problem: i) the typically adopted threshold policy and ii) our proposed policy relying on reinforcement learning with neural networks. Extensive simulation experiments are conducted to analyze the performance of both policies. The results show that the reinforcement learning policy outperforms the threshold-based policies in the scenario with heterogeneous time-varying arrival rates and multiple user equipment types, proving its applicability in realistic wireless network scenarios.      
### 55.Accented Speech Recognition: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10747.pdf)
>  Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) systems generalize poorly on accented speech. The phonetic and linguistic variability of accents present hard challenges for ASR systems today in both data collection and modeling strategies. The resulting bias in ASR performance across accents comes at a cost to both users and providers of ASR. <br>We present a survey of current promising approaches to accented speech recognition and highlight the key challenges in the space. Approaches mostly focus on single model generalization and accent feature engineering. Among the challenges, lack of a standard benchmark makes research and comparison especially difficult.      
### 56.A Fully Spiking Hybrid Neural Network for Energy-Efficient Object Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10719.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a Fully Spiking Hybrid Neural Network (FSHNN) for energy-efficient and robust object detection in resource-constrained platforms. The network architecture is based on Convolutional SNN using leaky-integrate-fire neuron models. The model combines unsupervised Spike Time-Dependent Plasticity (STDP) learning with back-propagation (STBP) learning methods and also uses Monte Carlo Dropout to get an estimate of the uncertainty error. FSHNN provides better accuracy compared to DNN based object detectors while being 150X energy-efficient. It also outperforms these object detectors, when subjected to noisy input data and less labeled training data with a lower uncertainty error.      
### 57.Locomotor transitions in the potential energy landscape-dominated regime  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.10685.pdf)
>  To traverse complex three-dimensional terrainwith large obstacles, animals and robots must transition across different modes. However, the most mechanistic understanding of terrestrial locomotion concerns how to generate and stabilize near-steady-state, single-mode locomotion (e.g. walk, run). We know little about how to use physical interaction to make robust locomotor transitions. Here, we review our progress towards filling this gap by discovering terradynamic principles of multi-legged locomotor transitions, using simplified model systems representing distinct challenges in complex three-dimensional terrain. Remarkably, general physical principles emerge across diverse model systems, by modelling locomotor-terrain interaction using a potential energy landscape approach. The animal and robots' stereotyped locomotor modes are constrained by physical interaction. Locomotor transitions are stochastic, destabilizing, barrier-crossing transitions on the landscape. They can be induced by feed-forward self-propulsion and are facilitated by feedbackcontrolled active adjustment. General physical principles and strategies from our systematic studies already advanced robot performance in simple model systems. Efforts remain to better understand the intelligence aspect of locomotor transitions and how to compose larger-scale potential energy landscapes of complex three-dimensional terrains from simple landscapes of abstracted challenges. This will elucidate how the neuromechanical control system mediates physical interaction to generate multi-pathway locomotor transitions and lead to advancements in biology, physics, robotics and dynamical systems theory.      
