# ArXiv eess --Mon, 12 Apr 2021
### 1.Improved TB classification using bone-suppressed chest radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04518.pdf)
>  Chest X-rays (CXRs) are the most commonly performed diagnostic examination to detect cardiopulmonary abnormalities. However, the presence of bony structures such as ribs and clavicles can obscure subtle abnormalities resulting in diagnostic errors. This study aims to build a deep learning (DL)-based bone suppression model that identifies and removes these occluding bony structures in frontal CXRs to assist in reducing errors in radiological interpretation, including DL workflows, related to detecting manifestations consistent with Tuberculosis (TB). Several bone suppression models with various deep architectures are trained and their performances are evaluated in a cross-institutional test setting. The best-performing model (ResNet-BS) is used to suppress bones in the Shenzhen and Montgomery TB CXR collections. A VGG-16 model is pretrained on a large collection of publicly available CXRs. The CXR-pretrained model is then fine-tuned individually on the non-bone-suppressed and bone-suppressed CXRs of Shenzhen and Montgomery TB CXR collections to classify them as showing normal lungs or TB manifestations. The performances of these models are compared using several performance metrics, analyzed for statistical significance, and their predictions are qualitatively interpreted through class-selective relevance maps (CRM). It is observed that the models trained on bone-suppressed CXRs significantly outperformed the models trained individually on the non-bone-suppressed CXRs (p&lt;0.05) in the Shenzhen and Montgomery TB collections. Models trained on bone-suppressed CXRs improved detection of TB-consistent findings and resulted in compact clustering of the data points in the feature space signifying that bone suppression improved the model sensitivity toward TB classification.      
### 2.Cascade-Forward Neural Network Based on Resilient Backpropagation for Simultaneous Parameters and State Space Estimations of Brushed DC Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04348.pdf)
>  A sensorless speed, average temperature and resistance estimation technique based on Neural Network (NN) for brushed DC machines is proposed in this paper. The literature on parameters and state spaces estimations of the Brushed DC machines, shows a variety of approaches. However, these observers are sensitive to a noise, on the model accuracy also are difficult to stabilize and to converge. Furthermore, the majority of earlier works, estimate either the speed or the temperature or the winding resistance. According to the literatures, the Resilient backpropagation (RBP) as is the known as the faster BP algorithm, Cascade-Forward Neural Network (CFNN), is known as the among accelerated learning backpropagation algorithms, that's why where it is found in several researches, also in several applications in these few years. The main objective of this paper is to introduce an intelligent sensor based on resilient BP to estimate simultaneously the speed, armature temperature and resistance of brushed DC machines only from the measured current and voltage. A comparison between the obtained results and the results of traditional estimator has been made to prove the ability of the proposed method. This method can be embedded in thermal monitoring systems, in high performance motor drives.      
### 3.Quantized State Feedback Stabilization of Nonlinear Systems under Denial-of-Service  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04333.pdf)
>  This paper studies the resilient control of networked systems in the presence of cyber attacks. In particular, we consider the state feedback stabilization problem for nonlinear systems when the state measurement is sent to the controller via a communication channel that only has a finite transmitting rate and is moreover subject to cyber attacks in the form of Denial-of-Service (DoS). We use a dynamic quantization method to update the quantization range of the encoder/decoder and characterize the number of bits for quantization needed to stabilize the system under a given level of DoS attacks in terms of duration and frequency. Our theoretical result shows that under DoS attacks, the required data bits to stabilize nonlinear systems by state feedback control are larger than those without DoS since the communication interruption induced by DoS makes the quantization uncertainty expand more between two successful transmissions. Even so, in the simulation, we show that the actual quantization bits can be much smaller than the theoretical value.      
### 4.Sparse Array Beampattern Synthesis via Majorization Based ADMM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04322.pdf)
>  In this paper, the problem of beampattern synthesis for sparse array is investigated. By properly devising the transmitting weight vector, the synthesized beampattern is able to match the desired pattern with minimum array elements. Compared with the commonly used $\ell_1$-norm approach, the Shannon entropy function is first introduced to enhance the sparsity of array configurations. Then, a novel method which combines the majorization minimization and alternating direction multiplier method (M-ADMM) is developed to tackle the formulated nonconvex problem. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness and practicality of the proposed method.      
### 5.Optimal partitioning in distributed state estimation considering a modified convergence criterion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04320.pdf)
>  Distributed state estimation (DSE) is considered as a more robust and reliable alternative for centralized state estimation (CSE) in power system. Especially, taking into account the future power grid, so called smart grid in which bi-directional transfer of energy and information happens, and renewable energy sources with huge indeterminacy are applied more than before. Combining the mentioned features and complexity of the power network, there is a high probability that CSE face problems such as communication bottleneck or security/reliability issues. So, DSE has the potential to be considered as a solution to solve the mentioned issues. In this paper, first, a modified convergence criterion is proposed and has been tested for different approaches of DSE problem, considering the most important factors such as iteration number, convergence rate, and data needed to be transferred to/from each area. Then, an optimal partitioning technique has been implemented for clustering the system into different areas. Besides the detailed analysis and comparison of recent DSE methods, the proposed partitioning method's effectiveness has been shown in this paper.      
### 6.Privacy-Preserving Supervisory Control of Discrete-Event Systems via Co-Synthesis of Edit Function and Supervisor for Opacity Enforcement and Requirement Satisfaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04299.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the problem of co-synthesis of edit function and supervisor for opacity enforcement in the supervisory control of discrete-event systems (DES), assuming the presence of an external (passive) intruder, where the following goals need to be achieved: 1) the external intruder should never infer the system secret, i.e., the system is opaque, and never be sure about the existence of the edit function, i.e., the edit function remains covert; 2) the controlled plant behaviors should satisfy some safety and nonblockingness requirements, in the presence of the edit function. We focus on the class of edit functions that satisfy the following properties: 1) the observation capability of the edit function in general can be different from those of the supervisor and the intruder; 2) the edit function can implement insertion, deletion, and replacement operations; 3) the edit function performs bounded edit operations, i.e., the length of each string output of the edit function is upper bounded by a given constant. We propose an approach to solve this co-synthesis problem by modeling it as a distributed supervisor synthesis problem in the Ramadge-Wonham supervisory control framework. By taking the special structure of this distributed supervisor synthesis problem into consideration and to improve the possibility of finding a non-empty distributed supervisor, we propose two novel synthesis heuristics that incrementally synthesize the supervisor and the edit function. The effectiveness of our approach is illustrated on an example in the enforcement of the location privacy.      
### 7.Feature Replacement and Combination for Hybrid ASR Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04298.pdf)
>  Acoustic modeling of raw waveform and learning feature extractors as part of the neural network classifier has been the goal of many studies in the area of automatic speech recognition (ASR). Recently, one line of research has focused on frameworks that can be pre-trained on audio-only data in an unsupervised fashion and aim at improving downstream ASR tasks. In this work, we investigate the usefulness of one of these front-end frameworks, namely wav2vec, for hybrid ASR systems. In addition to deploying a pre-trained feature extractor, we explore how to make use of an existing acoustic model (AM) trained on the same task with different features as well. Another neural front-end which is only trained together with the supervised ASR loss as well as traditional Gammatone features are applied for comparison. Moreover, it is shown that the AM can be retrofitted with i-vectors for speaker adaptation. Finally, the described features are combined in order to further advance the performance. With the final best system, we obtain a relative improvement of 4% and 6% over our previous best model on the LibriSpeech test-clean and test-other sets.      
### 8.Periodic Load Rejection for Floating Offshore Wind Turbines via Constrained Subspace Predictive Repetitive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04250.pdf)
>  Individual Pitch Control (IPC) is an effective control strategy to mitigate the blade loads on large-scale wind turbines. Since IPC usually requires high pitch actuation, the safety constraints of the pitch actuator should be taken into account when designing the controller. This paper introduces a constrained Subspace Predictive Repetitive Control (SPRC) approach, which considers the limitation of blade pitch angle and pitch rate. To fulfill this goal, a model predictive control scheme is implemented in the fully data-driven SPRC approach to incorporate the physical limitations of the pitch actuator in the control problem formulation. An optimal control law subjected to constraints is then formulated so that future constraint violations are anticipated and prevented. Case studies show that the developed constrained SPRC reduces the pitch activities necessary to mitigate the blade loads when experiencing wind turbulence and abrupt wind gusts. More importantly, the approach allows the wind farm operator to design conservative bounds for the pitch actuator constraints that satisfies safety limitations, design specifications and physical restrictions. This will help to alleviate the cyclic fatigue loads on the actuators, increase the structural reliability and extend the lifespan of the pitch control system.      
### 9.Speaker-conditioned Target Speaker Extraction based on Customized LSTM Cells  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04234.pdf)
>  Speaker-conditioned target speaker extraction systems rely on auxiliary information about the target speaker to extract the target speaker signal from a mixture of multiple speakers. Typically, a deep neural network is applied to isolate the relevant target speaker characteristics. In this paper, we focus on a single-channel target speaker extraction system based on a CNN-LSTM separator network and a speaker embedder network requiring reference speech of the target speaker. In the LSTM layer of the separator network, we propose to customize the LSTM cells in order to only remember the specific voice patterns corresponding to the target speaker by modifying the information processing in the forget gate. Experimental results for two-speaker mixtures using the Librispeech dataset show that this customization significantly improves the target speaker extraction performance compared to using standard LSTM cells.      
### 10.Application of blockchain for secure data transmission in distributed state estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04232.pdf)
>  The application of renewable energy sources in the power grid, especially in smart grids, where there is a bidirectional transfer of data and power, increases the necessity of tracking the system's state. Additionally, the complexity of coupling between communication and the electrical infrastructure in a smart grid will allow a vast amount of vulnerabilities. Increasing the state estimation accuracy will help the smart grid operator efficiently manage the system. In this paper, we propose a combination of distributed state estimation and a blockchain designed communication platform. Additionally, the asynchronous manner for data transmission, which is more likely to happen in the real world, has been considered the second case in this work. Finally, a detailed analysis regarding the application of blockchain in distributed state estimation has been provided. The numerical analysis shows that the proposed method meets real-world performance requirements and brings high security and reliability to the distributed state estimation process.      
### 11.The NTNU System for Formosa Speech Recognition Challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04221.pdf)
>  This paper describes the NTNU ASR system participating in the Formosa Speech Recognition Challenge 2020 (FSR-2020) supported by the Formosa Speech in the Wild project (FSW). FSR-2020 aims at fostering the development of Taiwanese speech recognition. Apart from the issues on tonal and dialectical variations of the Taiwanese language, speech artificially contaminated with different types of real-world noise also has to be dealt with in the final test stage; all of these make FSR-2020 much more challenging than before. To work around the under-resourced issue, the main technical aspects of our ASR system include various deep learning techniques, such as transfer learning, semi-supervised learning, front-end speech enhancement and model ensemble, as well as data cleansing and data augmentation conducted on the training data. With the best configuration, our system takes the first place among all participating systems in Track 3.      
### 12.What is the ground truth? Reliability of multi-annotator data for audio tagging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04214.pdf)
>  Crowdsourcing has become a common approach for annotating large amounts of data. It has the advantage of harnessing a large workforce to produce large amounts of data in a short time, but comes with the disadvantage of employing non-expert annotators with different backgrounds. This raises the problem of data reliability, in addition to the general question of how to combine the opinions of multiple annotators in order to estimate the ground truth. This paper presents a study of the annotations and annotators' reliability for audio tagging. We adapt the use of Krippendorf's alpha and multi-annotator competence estimation (MACE) for a multi-labeled data scenario, and present how MACE can be used to estimate a candidate ground truth based on annotations from non-expert users with different levels of expertise and competence.      
### 13.Improving Power Quality and Power Sharing in Unbalanced Multi-Microgrids Using Energy Storage System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04202.pdf)
>  The integration of single-phase distributed generations (DG) and unbalanced loads to three-phase DGs brings challenges to the operating system of the microgrids (MGs). These challenges include unbalanced voltage and unequal power flow at the point of common coupling (PCC) of the MGs. The aim of this paper is to develop an Energy Storage System (ESS) with multi-function control for islanded multi-microgrids (MMG) consisting of single and three PV-DGs to enhance its power quality and power-sharing of the MMGs. The proposed multi-function control consists of a reactive power compensation (RPC), a PCC power balance regulator (PBR), and a reactive power sharing algorithm (RPSA). The RPC and the PBR improve the three-phase PCC voltage and power unbalance of the MMG and the RPSA regulates the reactive power-sharing among the MMGs. The proposed strategy is experimentally validated on the Opal-RT OP5600 real-time simulator. The voltage unbalance factor (VUF) at the PCC is reduced from 4.3 percent to 0.03 percent, while the three-phase and the single-phase reactive powers are shared proportionally between different rated DGs.      
### 14.Energy Storage System (ESS) for Compensating Unbalanced Multi-microgrids Using Modified Reverse Droop Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04201.pdf)
>  The connection of single-phase microgrids (MG) and loads to three-phase MGs creates power quality problems such as unbalanced voltage and voltage rise at the point of common coupling (PCC) of the MGs. In this paper, a modified reverse droop control (MRDC) scheme in the Energy Storage System (ESS) is proposed to improve the three-phase PCC voltage quality in multi-microgrids (MMG). The MRDC consists of a reactive power compensator (RPC) and a voltage compensator. The controller regulates the reactive power and voltage unbalance of the MMG by using the reactive power produced by the ESS. The effectiveness of this proposed scheme is verified in real-time simulation using the Opal-RT OP5600 real-time simulator. The voltage unbalance factor (VUF) at the PCC is decreased from 3.6 percent to 0.25 percent, while the reactive power is reduced significantly at the single-phase load.      
### 15.Speech based Depression Severity Level Classification Using a Multi-Stage Dilated CNN-LSTM Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04195.pdf)
>  Speech based depression classification has gained immense popularity over the recent years. However, most of the classification studies have focused on binary classification to distinguish depressed subjects from non-depressed subjects. In this paper, we formulate the depression classification task as a severity level classification problem to provide more granularity to the classification outcomes. We use articulatory coordination features (ACFs) developed to capture the changes of neuromotor coordination that happens as a result of psychomotor slowing, a necessary feature of Major Depressive Disorder. The ACFs derived from the vocal tract variables (TVs) are used to train a dilated Convolutional Neural Network based depression classification model to obtain segment-level predictions. Then, we propose a Recurrent Neural Network based approach to obtain session-level predictions from segment-level predictions. We show that strengths of the segment-wise classifier are amplified when a session-wise classifier is trained on embeddings obtained from it. The model trained on ACFs derived from TVs show relative improvement of 27.47% in Unweighted Average Recall (UAR) at the session-level classification task, compared to the ACFs derived from Mel Frequency Cepstral Coefficients (MFCCs).      
### 16.Remote State Estimation of Multiple Systems over Multiple Markov Fading Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04181.pdf)
>  We consider remote state estimation of multiple discrete-time linear time-invariant (LTI) systems over multiple wireless time-varying communication channels. Each system state is measured by a sensor, and the measurements from sensors are sent to a remote estimator over the shared wireless channels in a scheduled manner. We answer the following open problem: what is the fundamental requirement on the multi-sensor-multi-channel system to guarantee the existence of a sensor scheduling policy that can stabilize the remote estimation system? To tackle the problem, we propose a novel policy construction method, and develop a new analytical approach by applying the asymptotic theory of spectral radii of products of non-negative matrices. A necessary and sufficient stability condition is derived in terms of the LTI system parameters and the channel statistics, which is more effective than existing sufficient conditions available in the literature. Explicit scheduling policies with stability guarantees are presented as well. We further extend the analytical framework to cover remote estimation with four alternative network setups and obtain corresponding necessary and sufficient stability conditions.      
### 17.X2CT-FLOW: Reconstruction of multiple volumetric chest computed tomography images with different likelihoods from a uni- or biplanar chest X-ray image using a flow-based generative model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04179.pdf)
>  We propose X2CT-FLOW for the reconstruction of volumetric chest computed tomography (CT) images from uni- or biplanar digitally reconstructed radiographs (DRRs) or chest X-ray (CXR) images on the basis of a flow-based deep generative (FDG) model. With the adoption of X2CT-FLOW, all the reconstructed volumetric chest CT images satisfy the condition that each of those projected onto each plane coincides with each input DRR or CXR image. Moreover, X2CT-FLOW can reconstruct multiple volumetric chest CT images with different likelihoods. The volumetric chest CT images reconstructed from biplanar DRRs showed good agreement with ground truth images in terms of the structural similarity index (0.931 on average). Moreover, we show that X2CT-FLOW can actually reconstruct such multiple volumetric chest CT images from DRRs. Finally, we demonstrate that X2CT-FLOW can reconstruct multiple volumetric chest CT images from a real uniplanar CXR image.      
### 18.Faster than Real-Time Simulation: Methods, Tools, and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04149.pdf)
>  Real-time simulation enables the understanding of system operating conditions by evaluating simulation models of physical components running synchronized at the real-time wall clock. Leveraging the real-time measurements of comprehensive system models, faster than real-time (FTRT) simulation allows the evaluation of system architectures at speeds faster than real-time. FTRT simulation can assist in predicting the system's behavior efficiently, thus assisting the operation of system processes. Namely, the provided acceleration can be used for improving system scheduling, assessing system vulnerabilities, and predicting system disruptions in real-time systems. The acceleration of simulation times can be achieved by utilizing digital real-time simulators (RTS) and high-performance computing (HPC) architectures. FTRT simulation has been widely used, among others, for the operation, design, and investigation of power system events, building emergency management plans, wildfire prediction, etc. In this paper, we review the existing literature on FTRT simulation and its applications in different disciplines, with a particular focus on power systems. We present existing system modeling approaches, simulation tools and computing frameworks, and stress the importance of FTRT accuracy.      
### 19.A Cardinality Minimization Approach to Security-Constrained Economic Dispatch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04099.pdf)
>  We present a threshold-based cardinality minimization formulation to model the security-constrained economic dispatch problem. The model aims to minimize the operating cost of the system while simultaneously reducing the number of lines operating in emergency operating zones during contingency events. The model allows the system operator to monitor the duration for which lines operate in emergency zones and ensure that they are within the acceptable reliability standards determined by the system operators. We develop a continuous difference-of-convex approximation of the cardinality minimization problem and a solution method to solve the problem. Our numerical experiments demonstrate that the cardinality minimization approach reduces the overall system operating cost as well as avoids prolonged periods of high electricity prices during contingency events.      
### 20.Inherent Synchronization in Electric Power Systems with High Levels of Inverter-based Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04066.pdf)
>  The synchronized operation of power generators is the foundation of electric power system stability and key to the prevention of undesired power outages and blackouts. Here, we derive the condition that guarantees synchronization in electric power systems with high levels of inverter-based generation when subjected to small perturbations, and perform a parametric sensitivity to understand synchronization with varied types of generators. Contrary to the popular belief that achieving a stable synchronized state is tied chiefly to system inertia, our results instead highlight the critical role of generator damping in achieving this pivotal state. Additionally, we report the feasibility of operating interconnected electric grids with a 100% power contribution from renewable generation technologies with assured system synchronization. The findings of this paper can set the basis for the development of advanced control architectures and grid optimization methods and has the potential to further pave the path towards the decarbonization of the electric power sector.      
### 21.End-to-end speaker segmentation for overlap-aware resegmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04045.pdf)
>  Speaker segmentation consists in partitioning a conversation between one or more speakers into speaker turns. Usually addressed as the late combination of three sub-tasks (voice activity detection, speaker change detection, and overlapped speech detection), we propose to train an end-to-end segmentation model that does it directly. Inspired by the original end-to-end neural speaker diarization approach (EEND), the task is modeled as a multi-label classification problem using permutation-invariant training. The main difference is that our model operates on short audio chunks (5 seconds) but at a much higher temporal resolution (every 16ms). Experiments on multiple speaker diarization datasets conclude that our model can be used with great success on both voice activity detection and overlapped speech detection. Our proposed model can also be used as a post-processing step, to detect and correctly assign overlapped speech regions. Relative diarization error rate improvement over the best considered baseline (VBx) reaches 18% on AMI, 17% on DIHARD 3, and 16% on VoxConverse.      
### 22.DenResCov-19: A deep transfer learning network for robust automatic classification of COVID-19, pneumonia, and tuberculosis from X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04006.pdf)
>  The global pandemic of COVID-19 is continuing to have a significant effect on the well-being of global population, increasing the demand for rapid testing, diagnosis, and treatment. Along with COVID-19, other etiologies of pneumonia and tuberculosis constitute additional challenges to the medical system. In this regard, the objective of this work is to develop a new deep transfer learning pipeline to diagnose patients with COVID-19, pneumonia, and tuberculosis, based on chest x-ray images. We observed in some instances DenseNet and Resnet have orthogonal performances. In our proposed model, we have created an extra layer with convolutional neural network blocks to combine these two models to establish superior performance over either model. The same strategy can be useful in other applications where two competing networks with complementary performance are observed. We have tested the performance of our proposed network on two-class (pneumonia vs healthy), three-class (including COVID-19), and four-class (including tuberculosis) classification problems. The proposed network has been able to successfully classify these lung diseases in all four datasets and has provided significant improvement over the benchmark networks of DenseNet, ResNet, and Inception-V3. These novel findings can deliver a state-of-the-art pre-screening fast-track decision network to detect COVID-19 and other lung pathologies.      
### 23.Language model fusion for streaming end to end speech recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04487.pdf)
>  Streaming processing of speech audio is required for many contemporary practical speech recognition tasks. Even with the large corpora of manually transcribed speech data available today, it is impossible for such corpora to cover adequately the long tail of linguistic content that's important for tasks such as open-ended dictation and voice search. We seek to address both the streaming and the tail recognition challenges by using a language model (LM) trained on unpaired text data to enhance the end-to-end (E2E) model. We extend shallow fusion and cold fusion approaches to streaming Recurrent Neural Network Transducer (RNNT), and also propose two new competitive fusion approaches that further enhance the RNNT architecture. Our results on multiple languages with varying training set sizes show that these fusion methods improve streaming RNNT performance through introducing extra linguistic features. Cold fusion works consistently better on streaming RNNT with up to a 8.5% WER improvement.      
### 24.Inverse Reinforcement Learning a Control Lyapunov Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04483.pdf)
>  Inferring the intent of an intelligent agent from demonstrations and subsequently predicting its behavior, is a critical task in many collaborative settings. A common approach to solve this problem is the framework of inverse reinforcement learning (IRL), where the observed agent, e.g., a human demonstrator, is assumed to behave according to an intrinsic cost function that reflects its intent and informs its control actions. In this work, we reformulate the IRL inference problem to learning control Lyapunov functions (CLF) from demonstrations by exploiting the inverse optimality property, which states that every CLF is also a meaningful value function. Moreover, the derived CLF formulation directly guarantees stability of inferred control policies. We show the flexibility of our proposed method by learning from goal-directed movement demonstrations in a continuous environment.      
### 25.Amplitude, Phase, and Quadrant (APQ) Modulation for Indoor Visible Light Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04449.pdf)
>  The main challenge in visible light communications (VLC) is the low modulation bandwidth of light-emitting diodes (LEDs). This forms a barrier towards achieving high data rates. Moreover, the implementation of high order modulation schemes is restricted by the requirements of intensity modulation (IM) and direct detection (DD), which demand the use of real unipolar signals. In this paper, we propose a novel amplitude, phase and quadrant (APQ) modulation scheme that fits into the IM/DD restrictions in VLC systems. The proposed scheme decomposes the complex and bipolar symbols of high order modulations into three different symbols that carry the amplitude, phase and quadrant information of the intended symbol. The constructed symbols are assigned different power levels and are transmitted simultaneously, i.e. exploiting the entire bandwidth and time resources. The receiving terminal performs successive interference cancellation to extract and decode the three different symbols, and then uses them to decide the intended complex bipolar symbol. We evaluate the performance of the proposed APQ scheme in terms of symbol-error-rate and achievable system throughput for different setup scenarios. The obtained results are compared with generalized spatial shift keying (GSSK). The presented results show that APQ offers a higher reliability compared to GSSK across the simulation area, while providing lower hardware complexity.      
### 26.Real-time visio-haptic interaction with static soft tissue model shaving geometric and material nonlinearity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04387.pdf)
>  We propose a new approach allowing visio-haptic interaction with a FE model of a human liver having both non-linear geometric and material properties. The material properties used in the model are extracted from the experimental data of pig liver to make the simulations more realistic. Our computational approach consists of two main steps: a pre-computation of the configuration space of all possible deformation states of the model, followed by the interpolation of the precomputed data for the calculation of the reaction forces displayed to the user through a haptic device during the real-time interactions. No a priori assumptions or modeling simplifications about the mathematical complexity of the underlying soft tissue model, size and irregularity of the FE mesh are necessary. We show that deformation and force response of the liver in simulations are heavily influenced by the material model, boundary conditions, path of the loading and the type of function used for the interpolation of the pre-computed data.      
### 27.Speech Quality Assessment in Crowdsourcing: Comparison Category Rating Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04371.pdf)
>  Traditionally, Quality of Experience (QoE) for a communication system is evaluated through a subjective test. The most common test method for speech QoE is the Absolute Category Rating (ACR), in which participants listen to a set of stimuli, processed by the underlying test conditions, and rate their perceived quality for each stimulus on a specific scale. The Comparison Category Rating (CCR) is another standard approach in which participants listen to both reference and processed stimuli and rate their quality compared to the other one. The CCR method is particularly suitable for systems that improve the quality of input speech. This paper evaluates an adaptation of the CCR test procedure for assessing speech quality in the crowdsourcing set-up. The CCR method was introduced in the ITU-T Rec. P.800 for laboratory-based experiments. We adapted the test for the crowdsourcing approach following the guidelines from ITU-T Rec. P.800 and P.808. We show that the results of the CCR procedure via crowdsourcing are highly reproducible. We also compared the CCR test results with widely used ACR test procedures obtained in the laboratory and crowdsourcing. Our results show that the CCR procedure in crowdsourcing is a reliable and valid test method.      
### 28.Joint Online Multichannel Acoustic Echo Cancellation, Speech Dereverberation and Source Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04325.pdf)
>  This paper presents a joint source separation algorithm that simultaneously reduces acoustic echo, reverberation and interfering sources. Target speeches are separated from the mixture by maximizing independence with respect to the other sources. It is shown that the separation process can be decomposed into cascading sub-processes that separately relate to acoustic echo cancellation, speech dereverberation and source separation, all of which are solved using the auxiliary function based independent component/vector analysis techniques, and their solving orders are exchangeable. The cascaded solution not only leads to lower computational complexity but also better separation performance than the vanilla joint algorithm.      
### 29.Optimization of Undersampling Parameters for 3D Intracranial Compressed Sensing MR Angiography at 7 Tesla  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04300.pdf)
>  Purpose: 3D Time-of-flight (TOF) MR Angiography (MRA) can accurately visualize the intracranial vasculature, but is limited by long acquisition times. Compressed sensing (CS) reconstruction can be used to substantially accelerate acquisitions. The quality of those reconstructions depends on the undersampling patterns used in the acquisitions. In this work, optimized sets of undersampling parameters using various acceleration factors for Cartesian 3D TOF-MRA are established. <br>Methods: Fully-sampled datasets acquired at 7T were retrospectively undersampled using variable-density Poisson-disk sampling with various autocalibration region sizes, polynomial orders, and acceleration factors. The accuracy of reconstructions from the different undersampled datasets was assessed using the vessel-masked structural similarity index. Results were compared for four imaging volumes, acquired from two different subjects. Optimized undersampling parameters were validated using additional prospectively undersampled datasets. <br>Results: For all acceleration factors, using a fully-sampled calibration area of 12x12 k-space lines and a polynomial order of around 2-2.4 resulted in the highest image quality. The importance of sampling parameter optimization was found to increase for higher acceleration factors. The results were consistent across resolutions and regions of interest with vessels of varying sizes and tortuosity. In prospectively undersampled acquisitions, using optimized undersampling parameters resulted in a 7.2% increase in the number of visible small vessels at R = 7.2. <br>Conclusion: The image quality of CS TOF-MRA can be improved by appropriate choice of undersampling parameters. The optimized sets of parameters are independent of the acceleration factor.      
### 30.Brain Surface Reconstruction from MRI Images Based on Segmentation Networks Applying Signed Distance Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04291.pdf)
>  Whole-brain surface extraction is an essential topic in medical imaging systems as it provides neurosurgeons with a broader view of surgical planning and abnormality detection. To solve the problem confronted in current deep learning skull stripping methods lacking prior shape information, we propose a new network architecture that incorporates knowledge of signed distance fields and introduce an additional Laplacian loss to ensure that the prediction results retain shape information. We validated our newly proposed method by conducting experiments on our brain magnetic resonance imaging dataset (111 patients). The evaluation results demonstrate that our approach achieves comparable dice scores and also reduces the Hausdorff distance and average symmetric surface distance, thus producing more stable and smooth brain isosurfaces.      
### 31.Variational Collision Avoidance on Riemannian Manifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04285.pdf)
>  This paper studies variational collision avoidance problems for multi-agents systems on complete Riemannian manifolds. That is, we minimize an energy functional, among a set of admissible curves, which depends on an artificial potential function used to avoid collision between the agents. We show the global existence of minimizers to the variational problem and we provide conditions under which it is possible to ensure that agents will avoid collision within some desired tolerance. We also study the problem where trajectories are constrained to have uniform bounds on the derivatives, and derive alternate safety conditions for collision avoidance in terms of these bounds - even in the case where the artificial potential is not sufficiently regular to ensure existence of global minimizers.      
### 32.Combined Sampling and Optimization Based Planning for Legged-Wheeled Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04247.pdf)
>  Planning for legged-wheeled machines is typically done using trajectory optimization because of many degrees of freedom, thus rendering legged-wheeled planners prone to falling prey to bad local minima. We present a combined sampling and optimization-based planning approach that can cope with challenging terrain. The sampling-based stage computes whole-body configurations and contact schedule, which speeds up the optimization convergence. The optimization-based stage ensures that all the system constraints, such as non-holonomic rolling constraints, are satisfied. The evaluations show the importance of good initial guesses for optimization. Furthermore, they suggest that terrain/collision (avoidance) constraints are more challenging than the robot model's constraints. Lastly, we extend the optimization to handle general terrain representations in the form of elevation maps.      
### 33.Piracy-Resistant DNN Watermarking by Block-Wise Image Transformation with Secret Key  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04241.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel DNN watermarking method that utilizes a learnable image transformation method with a secret key. The proposed method embeds a watermark pattern in a model by using learnable transformed images and allows us to remotely verify the ownership of the model. As a result, it is piracy-resistant, so the original watermark cannot be overwritten by a pirated watermark, and adding a new watermark decreases the model accuracy unlike most of the existing DNN watermarking methods. In addition, it does not require a special pre-defined training set or trigger set. We empirically evaluated the proposed method on the CIFAR-10 dataset. The results show that it was resilient against fine-tuning and pruning attacks while maintaining a high watermark-detection accuracy.      
### 34.Sparse Channel Estimation in Wideband Systems with Geometric Sequence Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04215.pdf)
>  The sparsity of multipaths in wideband channel has motivated the use of compressed sensing for channel estimation. In this letter, we propose an entirely different approach to sparse channel estimation. We exploit the fact that $L$ taps of channel impulse response in time domain constitute a non-orthogonal superposition of $L$ geometric sequences in frequency domain. This converts the channel estimation problem into the extraction of the parameters of geometric sequences. Notably, the proposed scheme achieves the error-free estimation of the whole bandwidth with a few pilot symbols if the excess delay is bounded to a certain value.      
### 35.A Riemannian smoothing steepest descent method for non-Lipschitz optimization on submanifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04199.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a Riemannian smoothing steepest descent method to minimize a nonconvex and non-Lipschitz function on submanifolds. The generalized subdifferentials on Riemannian manifold and the Riemannian gradient sub-consistency are defined and discussed. We prove that any accumulation point of the sequence generated by the Riemannian smoothing steepest descent method is a stationary point associated with the smoothing function employed in the method, which is necessary for the local optimality of the original non-Lipschitz problem. Under the Riemannian gradient sub-consistency condition, we also prove that any accumulation point is a Riemannian limiting stationary point of the original non-Lipschitz problem. Numerical experiments are conducted to demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed method.      
### 36.Heaps' Law and Vocabulary Richness in the History of Classical Music Harmony  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04143.pdf)
>  Music is a fundamental human construct, and harmony provides the building blocks of musical language. Using the Kunstderfuge corpus of classical music, we analyze the historical evolution of the richness of harmonic vocabulary of 76 classical composers, covering almost 6 centuries. Such corpus comprises about 9500 pieces, resulting in more than 5 million tokens of music codewords. The fulfilment of Heaps' law for the relation between the size of the harmonic vocabulary of a composer (in codeword types) and the total length of his works (in codeword tokens), with an exponent around 0.35, allows us to define a relative measure of vocabulary richness that has a transparent interpretation. When coupled with the considered corpus, this measure allows us to quantify harmony richness across centuries, unveiling a clear increasing linear trend. In this way, we are able to rank the composers in terms of richness of vocabulary, in the same way as for other related metrics, such as entropy. We find that the latter is particularly highly correlated with our measure of richness. Our approach is not specific for music and can be applied to other systems built by tokens of different types, as for instance natural language.      
### 37.On the Generation of Self-similar with Long-range Dependent Traffic Using Piecewise Affine Chaotic One-dimensional Maps (Extended Version)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04135.pdf)
>  A qualitative and quantitative extension of the chaotic models used to generate self-similar traffic with long-range dependence (LRD) is presented by means of the formulation of a model that considers the use of piecewise affine one-dimensional maps. Based on the disaggregation of the temporal series generated, a valid explanation of the behavior of the values of Hurst exponent is proposed and the feasibility of their control from the parameters of the proposed model is shown.      
### 38.Towards Agrobots: Trajectory Control of an Autonomous Tractor Using Type-2 Fuzzy Logic Controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04123.pdf)
>  Provision of some autonomous functions to an agricultural vehicle would lighten the job of the operator but in doing so, the accuracy should not be lost to still obtain an optimal yield. Autonomous navigation of an agricultural vehicle involves the control of different dynamic subsystems, such as the yaw angle dynamics and the longitudinal speed dynamics. In this study, a proportional-integral-derivative controller is used to control the longitudinal velocity of the tractor. For the control of the yaw angle dynamics, a proportional-derivative controller works in parallel with a type-2 fuzzy neural network. In such an arrangement, the former ensures the stability of the related subsystem, while the latter learns the system dynamics and becomes the leading controller. In this way, instead of modeling the interactions between the subsystems prior to the design of model-based control, we develop a control algorithm which learns the interactions online from the measured feedback error. In addition to the control of the stated subsystems, a kinematic controller is needed to correct the errors in both the x- and the y- axis for the trajectory tracking problem of the tractor. To demonstrate the real-time abilities of the proposed control scheme, an autonomous tractor is equipped with the use of reasonably priced sensors and actuators. Experimental results show the efficacy and efficiency of the proposed learning algorithm.      
### 39.Generalized Spoofing Detection Inspired from Audio Generation Artifacts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04111.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art methods for audio generation suffer from fingerprint artifacts and repeated inconsistencies across temporal and spectral domains. Such artifacts could be well captured by the frequency domain analysis over the spectrogram. Thus, we propose a novel use of long-range spectro-temporal modulation feature -- 2D DCT over log-Mel spectrogram for the audio deepfake detection. We show that this feature works better than log-Mel spectrogram, CQCC, MFCC, etc., as a suitable candidate to capture such artifacts. We employ spectrum augmentation and feature normalization to decrease overfitting and bridge the gap between training and test dataset along with this novel feature introduction. We developed a CNN-based baseline that achieved a 0.0849 t-DCF and outperformed the best single system reported in the ASVspoof 2019 challenge. Finally, by combining our baseline with our proposed 2D DCT spectro-temporal feature, we decrease the t-DCF score down by 14% to 0.0737, making it one of the best systems for spoofing detection. Furthermore, we evaluate our model using two external datasets, showing the proposed feature's generalization ability. We also provide analysis and ablation studies for our proposed feature and results.      
### 40.Design and implementation of an environment for Learning to Run a Power Network (L2RPN)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04080.pdf)
>  This report summarizes work performed as part of an internship at INRIA, in partial requirement for the completion of a master degree in math and informatics. The goal of the internship was to develop a software environment to simulate electricity transmission in a power grid and actions performed by operators to maintain this grid in security. Our environment lends itself to automate the control of the power grid with reinforcement learning agents, assisting human operators. It is amenable to organizing benchmarks, including a challenge in machine learning planned by INRIA and RTE for 2019. Our framework, built on top of open-source libraries, is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MarvinLer/pypownet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>. In this report we present intermediary results and its usage in the context of a reinforcement learning game.      
### 41.Progressive extension of reinforcement learning action dimension for asymmetric assembly tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04078.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is always the preferred embodiment to construct the control strategy of complex tasks, like asymmetric assembly tasks. However, the convergence speed of reinforcement learning severely restricts its practical application. In this paper, the convergence is first accelerated by combining RL and compliance control. Then a completely innovative progressive extension of action dimension (PEAD) mechanism is proposed to optimize the convergence of RL algorithms. The PEAD method is verified in DDPG and PPO. The results demonstrate the PEAD method will enhance the data-efficiency and time-efficiency of RL algorithms as well as increase the stable reward, which provides more potential for the application of RL.      
### 42.The Challenge of Small Data: Dynamic Mode Decomposition, Redux  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.04005.pdf)
>  We revisit the setting and the assumptions that underlie the methodology of Dynamic Mode Decomposition (DMD) in order to highlight caveats as well as potential measures of when the applicability is warranted.      
### 43.Detecting of a Patient's Condition From Clinical Narratives Using Natural Language Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.03969.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a joint clinical natural language representation learning and supervised classification framework based on machine learning for detecting concept labels in clinical narratives at CHU Sainte Justine Hospital (CHUSJ). The novel framework jointly discovers distributional syntactic and latent semantic (representation learning) from contextual clinical narrative inputs and, then, learns the knowledge representation for labeling in the contextual output (supervised classification). First, for having an effective representation learning approach with a small data set, mixing of numeric values and texts. Four different methods are applied to capture the numerical vital sign values. Then, different representation learning approaches are using to discover the rich structure from clinical narrative data. Second, for an automatic encounter with disease prediction, in this case, cardiac failure. The binary classifiers are iteratively trained to learn the knowledge representation of processed data in the preceding steps. The multilayer perceptron neural network outperforms other discriminative and generative classifiers. Consequently, the proposed framework yields an overall classification performance with accuracy, recall, and precision of 89 % and 88 %, 89 %, respectively. Furthermore, a generative autoencoder (AE) learning algorithm is then proposed to leverage the sparsity reduction. Affirmatively, AE algorithm is overperforming other sparsity reduction techniques. And, the classifier performances can successfully achieve up to 91 %, 91%, and 91%, respectively, for accuracy, recall, and precision.      
