# ArXiv eess --Fri, 30 Apr 2021
### 1.Asynchrony Increases Efficiency: Time Encoding of Videos and Low-Rank Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14511.pdf)
>  In event-based sensing, many sensors independently and asynchronously emit events when there is a change in their input. Event-based sensing can present significant improvements in power efficiency when compared to traditional sampling, because (1) the output is a stream of events where the important information lies in the timing of the events, and (2) the sensor can easily be controlled to output information only when interesting activity occurs at the input. <br>Moreover, event-based sampling can often provide better resolution than standard uniform sampling. Not only does this occur because individual event-based sensors have higher temporal resolution, it also occurs because the asynchrony of events allows for less redundant and more informative encoding. We would like to explain how such curious results come about. <br>To do so, we use ideal time encoding machines as a proxy for event-based sensors. We explore time encoding of signals with low rank structure, and apply the resulting theory to video. We then see how the asynchronous firing times of the time encoding machines allow for better reconstruction than in the standard sampling case, if we have a high spatial density of time encoding machines that fire less frequently.      
### 2.Identifying modulation formats using integrated clustering algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14475.pdf)
>  Modulation format identification (MFI) is crucial in next-generation optical networks such as cognitive optical networks. An integrated-clustering-algorithm-based MFI scheme in a coherent optical communication system is proposed herein. Numerical simulations are performed to test the performance of the scheme on the platform of a polarization domain multiplexing system at a symbol rate of 28 Gbaud. Simulations show that the MFI scheme can achieve an accuracy of 100% for five modulation formats considered in this study when the optical signal-to-noise ratio values are lower than the 7% forward error correction threshold. Tolerances to residual chromatic dispersion (CD) are discussed, and the results show that the proposed scheme can perform well as the residual CD changes over a wide range of values. Moreover, by selecting a number of key blocks, the proposed scheme is less complex than other clustering-based MFI schemes.      
### 3.Learning Hamiltonian dynamics by reservoir computer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14474.pdf)
>  Reconstructing the KAM dynamics diagram of Hamiltonian system from the time series of a limited number of parameters is an outstanding question in nonlinear science, especially when the Hamiltonian governing the system dynamics are unknown. Here, we demonstrate that this question can be addressed by the machine learning approach knowing as reservoir computer (RC). Specifically, we show that without prior knowledge about the Hamilton's equations of motion, the trained RC is able to not only predict the short-term evolution of the system state, but also replicate the long-term ergodic properties of the system dynamics. Furthermore, by the architecture of parameter-aware RC, we also show that the RC trained by the time series acquired at a handful parameters is able to reconstruct the entire KAM dynamics diagram with a high precision by tuning a control parameter externally. The feasibility and efficiency of the learning techniques are demonstrated in two classical nonlinear Hamiltonian systems, namely the double-pendulum oscillator and the standard map. Our study indicates that, as a complex dynamical system, RC is able to learn from data the Hamiltonian.      
### 4.A Smartphone based Application for Skin Cancer Classification Using Deep Learning with Clinical Images and Lesion Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14353.pdf)
>  Over the last decades, the incidence of skin cancer, melanoma and non-melanoma, has increased at a continuous rate. In particular for melanoma, the deadliest type of skin cancer, early detection is important to increase patient prognosis. Recently, deep neural networks (DNNs) have become viable to deal with skin cancer detection. In this work, we present a smartphone-based application to assist on skin cancer detection. This application is based on a Convolutional Neural Network(CNN) trained on clinical images and patients demographics, both collected from smartphones. Also, as skin cancer datasets are imbalanced, we present an approach, based on the mutation operator of Differential Evolution (DE) algorithm, to balance data. In this sense, beyond provides a flexible tool to assist doctors on skin cancer screening phase, the method obtains promising results with a balanced accuracy of 85% and a recall of 96%.      
### 5.ELF-VC: Efficient Learned Flexible-Rate Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14335.pdf)
>  While learned video codecs have demonstrated great promise, they have yet to achieve sufficient efficiency for practical deployment. In this work, we propose several novel ideas for learned video compression which allow for improved performance for the low-latency mode (I- and P-frames only) along with a considerable increase in computational efficiency. In this setting, for natural videos our approach compares favorably across the entire R-D curve under metrics PSNR, MS-SSIM and VMAF against all mainstream video standards (H.264, H.265, AV1) and all ML codecs. At the same time, our approach runs at least 5x faster and has fewer parameters than all ML codecs which report these figures. <br>Our contributions include a flexible-rate framework allowing a single model to cover a large and dense range of bitrates, at a negligible increase in computation and parameter count; an efficient backbone optimized for ML-based codecs; and a novel in-loop flow prediction scheme which leverages prior information towards more efficient compression. <br>We benchmark our method, which we call ELF-VC (Efficient, Learned and Flexible Video Coding) on popular video test sets UVG and MCL-JCV under metrics PSNR, MS-SSIM and VMAF. For example, on UVG under PSNR, it reduces the BD-rate by 44% against H.264, 26% against H.265, 15% against AV1, and 35% against the current best ML codec. At the same time, on an NVIDIA Titan V GPU our approach encodes/decodes VGA at 49/91 FPS, HD 720 at 19/35 FPS, and HD 1080 at 10/18 FPS.      
### 6.The entire network structure of Crossmodal Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14273.pdf)
>  Since the mapping relationship between definitized intra-interventional 2D X-ray and undefined pre-interventional 3D Computed Tomography(CT) is uncertain, auxiliary positioning devices or body markers, such as medical implants, are commonly used to determine this relationship. However, such approaches can not be widely used in clinical due to the complex realities. To determine the mapping relationship, and achieve a initializtion post estimation of human body without auxiliary equipment or markers, a cross-modal matching transformer network is proposed to matching 2D X-ray and 3D CT images directly. The proposed approach first deep learns skeletal features from 2D X-ray and 3D CT images. The features are then converted into 1D X-ray and CT representation vectors, which are combined using a multi-modal transformer. As a result, the well-trained network can directly predict the spatial correspondence between arbitrary 2D X-ray and 3D CT. The experimental results show that when combining our approach with the conventional approach, the achieved accuracy and speed can meet the basic clinical intervention needs, and it provides a new direction for intra-interventional registration.      
### 7.Hardware-Friendly Synaptic Orders and Timescales in Liquid State Machines for Speech Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14264.pdf)
>  Liquid State Machines are brain inspired spiking neural networks (SNNs) with random reservoir connectivity and bio-mimetic neuronal and synaptic models. Reservoir computing networks are proposed as an alternative to deep neural networks to solve temporal classification problems. Previous studies suggest 2nd order (double exponential) synaptic waveform to be crucial for achieving high accuracy for TI-46 spoken digits recognition. The proposal of long-time range (ms) bio-mimetic synaptic waveforms is a challenge to compact and power efficient neuromorphic hardware. In this work, we analyze the role of synaptic orders namely: {\delta} (high output for single time step), 0th (rectangular with a finite pulse width), 1st (exponential fall) and 2nd order (exponential rise and fall) and synaptic timescales on the reservoir output response and on the TI-46 spoken digits classification accuracy under a more comprehensive parameter sweep. We find the optimal operating point to be correlated to an optimal range of spiking activity in the reservoir. Further, the proposed 0th order synapses perform at par with the biologically plausible 2nd order synapses. This is substantial relaxation for circuit designers as synapses are the most abundant components in an in-memory implementation for SNNs. The circuit benefits for both analog and mixed-signal realizations of 0th order synapse are highlighted demonstrating 2-3 orders of savings in area and power consumptions by eliminating Op-Amps and Digital to Analog Converter circuits. This has major implications on a complete neural network implementation with focus on peripheral limitations and algorithmic simplifications to overcome them.      
### 8.Control Barrier Functions for Cyber-Physical Systems and Applications to NMPC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14250.pdf)
>  Tractable safety-ensuring algorithms for cyber-physical systems are important in critical applications. Approaches based on Control Barrier Functions assume continuous enforcement, which is not possible in an online fashion. This paper presents two tractable algorithms to ensure forward invariance of discrete-time controlled cyber-physical systems. Both approaches are based on Control Barrier Functions to provide strict mathematical safety guarantees. The first algorithm exploits Lipschitz continuity and formulates the safety condition as a robust program which is subsequently relaxed to a set of affine conditions. The second algorithm is inspired by tube-NMPC and uses an affine Control Barrier Function formulation in conjunction with an auxiliary controller to guarantee safety of the system. We combine an approximate NMPC controller with the second algorithm to guarantee strict safety despite approximated constraints and show its effectiveness experimentally on a mini-Segway.      
### 9.Integral Line-of-Sight Path Following Control of Magnetic Helical Microswimmers Subject to Step-Out Frequencies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14241.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the problem of straight-line path following for magnetic helical microswimmers. The control objective is to make the helical microswimmer to converge to a straight line without violating the step-out frequency constraint. The proposed feedback control solution is based on an optimal decision strategy (ODS) that is cast as a trust-region subproblem (TRS), i.e., a quadratic program over a sphere. The ODS-based control strategy minimizes the difference between the microrobot velocity and an integral line-of-sight (ILOS)-based reference vector field while respecting the magnetic saturation constraints and ensuring the absolute continuity of the control input. Due to the embedded integral action in the reference vector field, the microswimmer will follow the desired straight line by compensating for the drift effect of the environmental disturbances as well as the microswimmer weight.      
### 10.Filters for ISI Suppression in Molecular Communication via Diffusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14174.pdf)
>  Molecular communication via diffusion (MCvD) is considered as one of the most feasible communication paradigms for nanonetworks, especially for bio-nanonetworks which are usually in water-rich biological environments. Two effects that deteriorates the signal in MCvD are noise and inter-symbol interference (ISI). The expected channel impulse response of MCvD has a long and slow attenuating tail due to molecular diffusion which causes ISI and further limits the slow data rate of MCvD. The extent that ISI and noise are suppressed in an MCvD system determines its effectiveness, especially at a high data rate. Although ISI-suppression approaches have been investigated, most of them are addressed as non-essential parts in other topics, such as signal detection or modulation. Furthermore, most of the state-of-the-art ISI-suppression approaches are performed by subtracting the estimated ISI from the total signal. In this work, we investigate ISI-suppression from a new perspective of filters to filter ISI out without any ISI estimation. The principles for a good design of ISI-suppression filters in MCvD are investigated. Based on the principles, an ISI-suppression filter with good anti-noise capability and an associated signal detection scheme is proposed for MCvD scenarios with both ISI and noise. We compare the proposed scheme with the state-of-the-art ISI-suppression approaches. The result manifests that the proposed ISI-suppression scheme could recover signals deteriorated severely by both ISI and noise, which could not be effectively detected by the state-of-the-art ISI-suppression approaches.      
### 11.Symplectic discrete-time energy-based control for nonlinear mechanical systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14153.pdf)
>  In this article we present a novel discrete-time design approach which reduces the deteriorating effects of sampling on stability and performance in digitally controlled nonlinear mechanical systems. The method is motivated by recent results for linear systems, where feedback imposes closed-loop behavior that exactly represents the symplectic discretization of a desired target system. In the nonlinear case, both the second order accurate representation of the sampling process and the definition of the target dynamics stem from the application of the implicit midpoint rule. The implicit nature of the resulting state feedback requires the numerical solution of an in general nonlinear system of algebraic equations in every sampling interval. For an implementation with pure position feedback, the velocities/momenta have to be approximated in the sampling instants, which gives a clear interpretation of our approach in terms of the Störmer-Verlet integration scheme on a staggered grid. We present discrete-time versions of impedance or energy shaping plus damping injection control as well as computed torque tracking control. Both the Hamiltonian and the Lagrangian perspective are adopted. Besides a linear example to introduce the concept, the simulations with a planar two link robot model illustrate the performance and stability gain compared to the discrete implementations of continuous-time control laws. A short analysis of computation times shows the real-time capability of our method.      
### 12.On Identification of Boolean Control Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14144.pdf)
>  A new analytical framework consisting of two phenomena: single sample and multiple samples, is proposed to deal with the identification problem of Boolean control networks (BCNs) systematically and comprehensively. Under this framework, the existing works on identification can be categorized as special cases of these two phenomena. Several effective criteria for determining the identifiability and the corresponding identification algorithms are proposed. Three important results are derived: (1) If a BN is observable, it is uniquely identifiable; (2) If a BCN is O1-observable, it is uniquely identifiable, where O1-observability is the most general form of the existing observability terms; (3) A BN or BCN may be identifiable, but not observable. In addition, remarks present some challenging future research and contain a preliminary attempt about how to identify unobservable systems.      
### 13.An Automated Approach for Timely Diagnosis and Prognosis of Coronavirus Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14116.pdf)
>  Since the outbreak of Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19), most of the impacted patients have been diagnosed with high fever, dry cough, and soar throat leading to severe pneumonia. Hence, to date, the diagnosis of COVID-19 from lung imaging is proved to be a major evidence for early diagnosis of the disease. Although nucleic acid detection using real-time reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rRT-PCR) remains a gold standard for the detection of COVID-19, the proposed approach focuses on the automated diagnosis and prognosis of the disease from a non-contrast chest computed tomography (CT)scan for timely diagnosis and triage of the patient. The prognosis covers the quantification and assessment of the disease to help hospitals with the management and planning of crucial resources, such as medical staff, ventilators and intensive care units (ICUs) capacity. The approach utilises deep learning techniques for automated quantification of the severity of COVID-19 disease via measuring the area of multiple rounded ground-glass opacities (GGO) and consolidations in the periphery (CP) of the lungs and accumulating them to form a severity score. The severity of the disease can be correlated with the medicines prescribed during the triage to assess the effectiveness of the treatment. The proposed approach shows promising results where the classification model achieved 93% accuracy on hold-out data.      
### 14.Invariance and Contraction in Geometrically Periodic Systems with Differential Inclusions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14081.pdf)
>  The objective of this paper is to derive the essential invariance and contraction properties for the geometric periodic systems, which can be formulated as a category of differential inclusions, and primarily rendered in the phase coordinate, or the cycle coordinate. First, we introduce the geometric averaging method for this category of systems, and also analyze the accuracy of its averaging approximation. Specifically, we delve into the details of the geometrically periodic system through the tunnel of considering the convergence between the system and its geometrically averaging approximation. Under different corresponding conditions, the approximation on infinite time intervals can achieve certain accuracies, such that one can use the stability result of either the original system or the averaging system to deduce the stability of the other. After that, we employ the graphical stability to investigate the "pattern stability" with respect to the phase-based system. Finally, by virtue of the contraction analysis on the Finsler manifold, the idea of accentuating the periodic pattern incremental stability and convergence is nurtured in the phase-based differential inclusion system, and comes to its preliminary fruition in application to biomimetic mechanic robot control problem.      
### 15.UAV Swarm Position Optimization for High Capacity MIMO Backhaul  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14075.pdf)
>  A swarm of cooperating UAVs communicating with a distant multiantenna ground station can leverage MIMO spatial multiplexing to scale the capacity. Due to the line-of-sight propagation between the swarm and the ground station, the MIMO channel is highly correlated, leading to limited multiplexing gains. In this paper, we optimize the UAV positions to attain the maximum MIMO capacity given by the single user bound. An infinite set of UAV placements that attains the capacity bound is first derived. Given an initial swarm placement, we formulate the problem of minimizing the distance traveled by the UAVs to reach a placement within the capacity maximizing set of positions. An offline centralized solution to the problem using block coordinate descent is developed assuming known initial positions of UAVs. We also propose an online distributed algorithm, where the UAVs iteratively adjust their positions to maximize the capacity. Our proposed approaches are shown to significantly increase the capacity at the expense of a bounded translation from the initial UAV placements. This capacity increase persists when using a massive MIMO ground station. Using numerical simulations, we show the robustness of our approaches in a Rician channel under UAV motion disturbances.      
### 16.Assessing the Impact of Deep Neural Network-based Image Denoising on Binary Signal Detection Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14037.pdf)
>  A variety of deep neural network (DNN)-based image denoising methods have been proposed for use with medical images. Traditional measures of image quality (IQ) have been employed to optimize and evaluate these methods. However, the objective evaluation of IQ for the DNN-based denoising methods remains largely lacking. In this work, we evaluate the performance of DNN-based denoising methods by use of task-based IQ measures. Specifically, binary signal detection tasks under signal-known-exactly (SKE) with background-known-statistically (BKS) conditions are considered. The performance of the ideal observer (IO) and common linear numerical observers are quantified and detection efficiencies are computed to assess the impact of the denoising operation on task performance. The numerical results indicate that, in the cases considered, the application of a denoising network can result in a loss of task-relevant information in the image. The impact of the depth of the denoising networks on task performance is also assessed. The presented results highlight the need for the objective evaluation of IQ for DNN-based denoising technologies and may suggest future avenues for improving their effectiveness in medical imaging applications.      
### 17.Measurement-Robust Control Barrier Functions: Certainty in Safety with Uncertainty in State  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14030.pdf)
>  The increasing complexity of modern robotic systems and the environments they operate in necessitates the formal consideration of safety in the presence of imperfect measurements. In this paper we propose a rigorous framework for safety-critical control of systems with erroneous state estimates. We develop this framework by leveraging Control Barrier Functions (CBFs) and unifying the method of Backup Sets for synthesizing control invariant sets with robustness requirements -- the end result is the synthesis of Measurement-Robust Control Barrier Functions (MR-CBFs). This provides theoretical guarantees on safe behavior in the presence of imperfect measurements and improved robustness over standard CBF approaches. We demonstrate the efficacy of this framework both in simulation and experimentally on a Segway platform using an onboard stereo-vision camera for state estimation.      
### 18.Channel Models and Coding Solutions for 1S1R Crossbar Resistive Memory with High Line Resistance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14011.pdf)
>  Crossbar resistive memory with the 1 Selector 1 Resistor (1S1R) structure is attractive for nonvolatile, high-density, and low-latency storage-class memory applications. As technology scales down to the single-nm regime, the increasing resistivity of wordline/bitline becomes a limiting factor to device reliability. This paper presents write/read communication channels while considering the line resistance and device variabilities by statistically relating the degraded write/read margins and the channel parameters. Binary asymmetric channel (BAC) models are proposed for the write/read operations. Simulations based on these models suggest that the bit-error rate of devices are highly non-uniform across the memory array. These models provide quantitative tools for evaluating the trade-offs between memory reliability and design parameters, such as array size, technology nodes, and aspect ratio, and also for designing coding-theoretic solutions that would be most effective for crossbar memory. Method for optimizing the read threshold is proposed to reduce the raw bit-error rate (RBER). We propose two schemes for efficient channel coding based on Bose-Chaudhuri-Hocquenghem (BCH) codes. An interleaved coding scheme is proposed to mitigate the non-uniformity of reliability and a location dependent coding framework is proposed to leverage this non-uniformity. Both of our proposed coding schemes effectively reduce the undetected bit-error rate (UBER).      
### 19.Verification and Synthesis of Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14001.pdf)
>  Control systems often must satisfy strict safety requirements over an extended operating lifetime. Control Barrier Functions (CBFs) are a promising recent approach to constructing simple and safe control policies. This paper proposes a framework for verifying that a CBF guarantees safety for all time and synthesizing CBFs with verifiable safety in polynomial control systems. Our approach is to show that safety of CBFs is equivalent to the non-existence of solutions to a family of polynomial equations, and then prove that this nonexistence is equivalent to a pair of sum-of-squares constraints via the Positivstellensatz of algebraic geometry. We develop this Positivstellensatz to verify CBFs, as well as generalization to high-degree systems and multiple CBF constraints. We then propose a set of heuristics for CBF synthesis, including a general alternating-descent heuristic, a specialized approach for compact safe regions, and an approach for convex unsafe regions. Our approach is illustrated on two numerical examples.      
### 20.A Novel Transmission Policy for Intelligent Reflecting Surface Assisted Wireless Powered Sensor Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14000.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel transmission policy for an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) assisted wireless powered sensor network (WPSN). An IRS is deployed to enhance the performance of wireless energy transfer (WET) and wireless information transfer (WIT) by intelligently adjusting phase shifts of each reflecting elements. To achieve its self-sustainability, the IRS needs to collect energy from energy station to support its control circuit operation. Our proposed policy for the considered WPSN is called IRS assisted harvest-then-transmit time switching, which is able to schedule the transmission time slots by switching between energy collection and energy reflection modes. We study the achievable sum throughput of the proposed transmission policy and investigate a joint design of the transmission time slots, the power allocation, as well as the discrete phase shifts of the WET and WIT. This formulates the problem as a mixed-integer non-linear program, which is NP-hard and non-convex. We first relax it to one with continuous phase shifts, and then propose a two-step approach and decompose the original problem into two sub-problems. We solve the first sub-problem with respect to the phase shifts of the WIT in terms of closed-form expression. For the second sub-problem, we consider a special case without the circuit power of each sensor node, the Lagrange dual method and the KKT conditions are applied to derive the optimal closed-form transmission time slots, power allocation, and phase shift of the WET. Then we generalise the case with the circuit power of each sensor node, which can be solved via employing a semi-definite programming relaxation. The optimal discrete phase shifts can be obtained by quantizing the continuous values. Numerical results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed policy and validate the beneficial role of the IRS in comparison to the benchmark schemes.      
### 21.Personalized Keyphrase Detection using Speaker and Environment Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13970.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a streaming keyphrase detection system that can be easily customized to accurately detect any phrase composed of words from a large vocabulary. The system is implemented with an end-to-end trained automatic speech recognition (ASR) model and a text-independent speaker verification model. To address the challenge of detecting these keyphrases under various noisy conditions, a speaker separation model is added to the feature frontend of the speaker verification model, and an adaptive noise cancellation (ANC) algorithm is included to exploit cross-microphone noise coherence. Our experiments show that the text-independent speaker verification model largely reduces the false triggering rate of the keyphrase detection, while the speaker separation model and adaptive noise cancellation largely reduce false rejections.      
### 22.Medium Access using Distributed Reinforcement Learning for IoTs with Low-Complexity Wireless Transceivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14549.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a distributed Reinforcement Learning (RL) based framework that can be used for synthesizing MAC layer wireless protocols in IoT networks with low-complexity wireless transceivers. The proposed framework does not rely on complex hardware capabilities such as carrier sensing and its associated algorithmic complexities that are often not supported in wireless transceivers of low-cost and low-energy IoT devices. In this framework, the access protocols are first formulated as Markov Decision Processes (MDP) and then solved using RL. A distributed and multi-Agent RL framework is used as the basis for protocol synthesis. Distributed behavior makes the nodes independently learn optimal transmission strategies without having to rely on full network level information and direct knowledge of behavior of other nodes. The nodes learn to minimize packet collisions such that optimal throughput can be attained and maintained for loading conditions that are higher than what the known benchmark protocols (such as ALOHA) for IoT devices without complex transceivers. In addition, the nodes are observed to be able to learn to act optimally in the presence of heterogeneous loading and network topological conditions. Finally, the proposed learning approach allows the wireless bandwidth to be fairly distributed among network nodes in a way that is not dependent on such heterogeneities. Via simulation experiments, the paper demonstrates the performance of the learning paradigm and its abilities to make nodes adapt their optimal transmission strategies on the fly in response to various network dynamics.      
### 23.Brain-inspired computing: We need a master plan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14517.pdf)
>  New computing technologies inspired by the brain promise fundamentally different ways to process information with extreme energy efficiency and the ability to handle the avalanche of unstructured and noisy data that we are generating at an ever-increasing rate. To realise this promise requires a brave and coordinated plan to bring together disparate research communities and to provide them with the funding, focus and support needed. We have done this in the past with digital technologies; we are in the process of doing it with quantum technologies; can we now do it for brain-inspired computing?      
### 24.Explainable AI For COVID-19 CT Classifiers: An Initial Comparison Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14506.pdf)
>  Artificial Intelligence (AI) has made leapfrogs in development across all the industrial sectors especially when deep learning has been introduced. Deep learning helps to learn the behaviour of an entity through methods of recognising and interpreting patterns. Despite its limitless potential, the mystery is how deep learning algorithms make a decision in the first place. Explainable AI (XAI) is the key to unlocking AI and the black-box for deep learning. XAI is an AI model that is programmed to explain its goals, logic, and decision making so that the end users can understand. The end users can be domain experts, regulatory agencies, managers and executive board members, data scientists, users that use AI, with or without awareness, or someone who is affected by the decisions of an AI model. Chest CT has emerged as a valuable tool for the clinical diagnostic and treatment management of the lung diseases associated with COVID-19. AI can support rapid evaluation of CT scans to differentiate COVID-19 findings from other lung diseases. However, how these AI tools or deep learning algorithms reach such a decision and which are the most influential features derived from these neural networks with typically deep layers are not clear. The aim of this study is to propose and develop XAI strategies for COVID-19 classification models with an investigation of comparison. The results demonstrate promising quantification and qualitative visualisations that can further enhance the clinician's understanding and decision making with more granular information from the results given by the learned XAI models.      
### 25.Impact of Encoding and Segmentation Strategies on End-to-End Simultaneous Speech Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14470.pdf)
>  Boosted by the simultaneous translation shared task at IWSLT 2020, promising end-to-end online speech translation approaches were recently proposed. They consist in incrementally encoding a speech input (in a source language) and decoding the corresponding text (in a target language) with the best possible trade-off between latency and translation quality. This paper investigates two key aspects of end-to-end simultaneous speech translation: (a) how to encode efficiently the continuous speech flow, and (b) how to segment the speech flow in order to alternate optimally between reading (R: encoding input) and writing (W: decoding output) operations. We extend our previously proposed end-to-end online decoding strategy and show that while replacing BLSTM by ULSTM encoding degrades performance in offline mode, it actually improves both efficiency and performance in online mode. We also measure the impact of different methods to segment the speech signal (using fixed interval boundaries, oracle word boundaries or randomly set boundaries) and show that our best end-to-end online decoding strategy is surprisingly the one that alternates R/W operations on fixed size blocks on our English-German speech translation setup.      
### 26.Star DGT: a Robust Gabor Transform for Speech Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14468.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the speech denoising problem, where white Gaussian additive noise is to be removed from a given speech signal. Our approach is based on a redundant, analysis-sparse representation of the original speech signal. We pick an eigenvector of the Zauner unitary matrix and -- under certain assumptions on the ambient dimension -- we use it as window vector to generate a spark deficient Gabor frame. The analysis operator associated with such a frame, is a (highly) redundant Gabor transform, which we use as a sparsifying transform in denoising procedure. We conduct computational experiments on real-world speech data, solving the analysis basis pursuit denoising problem, with four different choices of analysis operators, including our Gabor analysis operator. The results show that our proposed redundant Gabor transform outperforms -- in all cases -- Gabor transforms generated by state-of-the-art window vectors of time-frequency analysis.      
### 27.Overlap Times in the Infinite Server Queue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14437.pdf)
>  Imagine, you enter a grocery store to buy food. How many peopledo you overlap with in this store? How much time do you overlap witheach person in the store? In this paper, we answer these questions bystudying the overlap times between customers in the infinite serverqueue. We compute in closed form the steady state distribution ofthe overlap time between a pair of customers and the distribution ofthe number of customers that an arriving customer will overlap with.Finally, we define a residual process that counts the number of over-lapping customers that overlap in the queue for at least{\delta}time unitsand compute its mean, variance, and distribution in the exponentialservice setting      
### 28.Integrating 6LoWPAN Security with RPL Using The Chained Secure Mode Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14422.pdf)
>  The IPv6 over Low-powered Wireless Personal Area Network (6LoWPAN) protocol was introduced to allow the transmission of Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) packets using the smaller-size frames of the IEEE 802.15.4 standard, which is used in many Internet of Things (IoT) networks. The primary duty of the 6LoWPAN protocol is packet fragmentation and reassembly. However, the protocol standard currently does not include any security measures, not even authenticating the fragments immediate sender. This lack of immediate-sender authentication opens the door for adversaries to launch several attacks on the fragmentation process, such as the buffer-reservation attacks that lead to a Denial of Service (DoS) attack and resource exhaustion of the victim nodes. This paper proposes a security integration between 6LoWPAN and the Routing Protocol for Low Power and Lossy Networks (RPL) through the Chained Secure Mode (CSM) framework as a possible solution. Since the CSM framework provides a mean of immediate-sender trust, through the use of Network Coding (NC), and an integration interface for the other protocols (or mechanisms) to use this trust to build security decisions, 6LoWPAN can use this integration to build a chain-of-trust along the fragments routing path. A proof-of-concept implementation was done in Contiki Operating System (OS), and its security and performance were evaluated against an external adversary launching a buffer-reservation attack. The results from the evaluation showed significant mitigation of the attack with almost no increase in power consumption, which presents the great potential for such integration to secure the forwarding process at the 6LoWPAN Adaptation Layer      
### 29.On the Design and Analysis of Multivariable Extremum Seeking Control using Fast Fourier Transform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14365.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a multivariable extremum seeking scheme using Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) for a network of subsystems working towards optimizing the sum of their local objectives, where the overall objective is the only available measurement. Here, the different inputs are perturbed with different dither frequencies, and the power spectrum of the overall output signal obtained using FFT is used to estimate the steady-state cost gradient w.r.t. each input. The inputs for the subsystems are then updated using integral control in order to drive the respective gradients to zero. This paper provides analytical rules for designing the FFT-based gradient estimation algorithm and analyzes the stability properties of the resulting extremum seeking scheme for the static map setting. The effectiveness of the proposed FFT-based multivariable extremum seeking scheme is demonstrated using two examples, namely, wind farm power optimization problem, and a heat exchanger network for industrial waste-to-heat recovery.      
### 30.Bridging the gap between streaming and non-streaming ASR systems bydistilling ensembles of CTC and RNN-T models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14346.pdf)
>  Streaming end-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems are widely used in everyday applications that require transcribing speech to text in real-time. Their minimal latency makes them suitable for such tasks. Unlike their non-streaming counterparts, streaming models are constrained to be causal with no future context and suffer from higher word error rates (WER). To improve streaming models, a recent study [1] proposed to distill a non-streaming teacher model on unsupervised utterances, and then train a streaming student using the teachers' predictions. However, the performance gap between teacher and student WERs remains high. In this paper, we aim to close this gap by using a diversified set of non-streaming teacher models and combining them using Recognizer Output Voting Error Reduction (ROVER). In particular, we show that, despite being weaker than RNN-T models, CTC models are remarkable teachers. Further, by fusing RNN-T and CTC models together, we build the strongest teachers. The resulting student models drastically improve upon streaming models of previous work [1]: the WER decreases by 41% on Spanish, 27% on Portuguese, and 13% on French.      
### 31.Hypernetwork Dismantling via Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14332.pdf)
>  Network dismantling aims to degrade the connectivity of a network by removing an optimal set of nodes and has been widely adopted in many real-world applications such as epidemic control and rumor containment. However, conventional methods usually focus on simple network modeling with only pairwise interactions, while group-wise interactions modeled by hypernetwork are ubiquitous and critical. In this work, we formulate the hypernetwork dismantling problem as a node sequence decision problem and propose a deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-based hypernetwork dismantling framework. Besides, we design a novel inductive hypernetwork embedding method to ensure the transferability to various real-world hypernetworks. Generally, our framework builds an agent. It first generates small-scale synthetic hypernetworks and embeds the nodes and hypernetworks into a low dimensional vector space to represent the action and state space in DRL, respectively. Then trial-and-error dismantling tasks are conducted by the agent on these synthetic hypernetworks, and the dismantling strategy is continuously optimized. Finally, the well-optimized strategy is applied to real-world hypernetwork dismantling tasks. Experimental results on five real-world hypernetworks demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed framework.      
### 32.End-to-End Speech Recognition from Federated Acoustic Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14297.pdf)
>  Training Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) models under federated learning (FL) settings has recently attracted considerable attention. However, the FL scenarios often presented in the literature are artificial and fail to capture the complexity of real FL systems. In this paper, we construct a challenging and realistic ASR federated experimental setup consisting of clients with heterogeneous data distributions using the French Common Voice dataset, a large heterogeneous dataset containing over 10k speakers. We present the first empirical study on attention-based sequence-to-sequence E2E ASR model with three aggregation weighting strategies -- standard FedAvg, loss-based aggregation and a novel word error rate (WER)-based aggregation, are conducted in two realistic FL scenarios: cross-silo with 10-clients and cross-device with 2k-clients. In particular, the WER-based weighting method is proposed to better adapt FL to the context of ASR by integrating the error rate metric with the aggregation process. Our analysis on E2E ASR from heterogeneous and realistic federated acoustic models provides the foundations for future research and development of realistic FL-based ASR applications.      
### 33.Optimizing Rescoring Rules with Interpretable Representations of Long-Term Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14291.pdf)
>  Analyzing temporal data (e.g., wearable device data) requires a decision about how to combine information from the recent and distant past. In the context of classifying sleep status from actigraphy, Webster's rescoring rules offer one popular solution based on the long-term patterns in the output of a moving-window model. Unfortunately, the question of how to optimize rescoring rules for any given setting has remained unsolved. To address this problem and expand the possible use cases of rescoring rules, we propose rephrasing these rules in terms of epoch-specific features. Our features take two general forms: (1) the time lag between now and the most recent [or closest upcoming] bout of time spent in a given state, and (2) the length of the most recent [or closest upcoming] bout of time spent in a given state. Given any initial moving window model, these features can be defined recursively, allowing for straightforward optimization of rescoring rules. Joint optimization of the moving window model and the subsequent rescoring rules can also be implemented using gradient-based optimization software, such as Tensorflow. Beyond binary classification problems (e.g., sleep-wake), the same approach can be applied to summarize long-term patterns for multi-state classification problems (e.g., sitting, walking, or stair climbing). We find that optimized rescoring rules improve the performance of sleep-wake classifiers, achieving accuracy comparable to that of certain neural network architectures.      
### 34.Uncertainty Principles in Risk-Aware Statistical Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14283.pdf)
>  We present a new uncertainty principle for risk-aware statistical estimation, effectively quantifying the inherent trade-off between mean squared error ($\mse$) and risk, the latter measured by the associated average predictive squared error variance ($\sev$), for every admissible estimator of choice. Our uncertainty principle has a familiar form and resembles fundamental and classical results arising in several other areas, such as the Heisenberg principle in statistical and quantum mechanics, and the Gabor limit (time-scale trade-offs) in harmonic analysis. In particular, we prove that, provided a joint generative model of states and observables, the product between $\mse$ and $\sev$ is bounded from below by a computable model-dependent constant, which is explicitly related to the Pareto frontier of a recently studied $\sev$-constrained minimum $\mse$ (MMSE) estimation problem. Further, we show that the aforementioned constant is inherently connected to an intuitive new and rigorously topologically grounded statistical measure of distribution skewness in multiple dimensions, consistent with Pearson's moment coefficient of skewness for variables on the line. Our results are also illustrated via numerical simulations.      
### 35.Source Seeking Control of Unicycle Robots with 3D-printed Flexible Piezoresistive Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14267.pdf)
>  We present the design and experimental validation of source seeking control algorithms for a unicycle mobile robot that is equipped with novel 3D-printed flexible graphene-based piezoresistive airflow sensors. Based solely on a local gradient measurement from the airflow sensors, we propose and analyze a projected gradient ascent algorithm to solve the source seeking problem. In the case of partial sensor failure, we propose a combination of Extremum-Seeking Control with our projected gradient ascent algorithm. For both control laws, we prove the asymptotic convergence of the robot to the source. Numerical simulations were performed to validate the algorithms and experimental validations are presented to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed methods.      
### 36.Interpretable exact linear reductions via positivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14180.pdf)
>  Kinetic models of biochemical systems used in the modern literature often contain hundreds or even thousands of variables. While these models are convenient for detailed simulations, their size is often an obstacle to deriving mechanistic insights. One way to address this issue is to perform an exact model reduction by finding a self-consistent lower-dimensional projection of the corresponding dynamical system. <br>Recently, a new algorithm CLUE has been designed and implemented, which allows one to construct an exact linear reduction of the smallest possible dimension such that the fixed variables of interest are preserved. It turned out that allowing arbitrary linear combinations (as opposed to zero-one combinations used in the prior approaches) may yield a much smaller reduction. However, there was a drawback: some of the new variables did not have clear physical meaning, thus making the reduced model harder to interpret. <br>We design and implement an algorithm that, given an exact linear reduction, re-parametrizes it by performing an invertible transformation of the new coordinates to improve the interpretability of the new variables. We apply our algorithm to three case studies and show that "uninterpretable" variables disappear entirely in all the case studies. <br>The implementation of the algorithm and the files for the case studies are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xjzhaang/LumpingPostiviser" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 37.Spatial Privacy-aware VR streaming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14170.pdf)
>  Proactive tile-based virtual reality (VR) video streaming employs the current tracking data of a user to predict future requested tiles, then renders and delivers the predicted tiles before playback. Very recently, privacy protection in proactive VR video streaming starts to raise concerns. However, existing privacy protection may fail even with privacy-preserve federated learning. This is because when the future requested tiles can be predicted accurately, the user-behavior-related data can still be recovered from the predicted tiles. In this paper, we consider how to protect privacy even with accurate predictors and investigate the impact of privacy requirement on the quality of experience (QoE). To this end, we first add extra \textit{camouflaged} tile requests to the real tile requests and model the privacy requirement as the \textit{spatial degree of privacy} (sDoP). By ensuring sDoP, the real tile requests can be hidden and privacy can be protected. Then, we jointly optimize the durations for prediction, computing, and transmitting, aimed at maximizing the privacy-aware QoE given arbitrary predictor and configured resources. From the obtained optimal closed-form solution, we find that the impacts of sDoP on the QoE are two sides of the same coin. On the one side the increase of sDoP improves the capability of communication and computing hence improves QoE. On the other side it degrades the prediction performance hence degrades the QoE. The overall impact depends on which factor dominates the QoE. Simulation with two predictors on a real dataset verifies the analysis and shows that the overall impact of sDoP is to improve the QoE.      
### 38.Practical Channel Estimation and Phase Shift Design for Intelligent Reflecting Surface Empowered MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14161.pdf)
>  In this paper, channel estimation techniques and phase shift design for intelligent reflecting surface (IRS)-empowered single-user multiple-input multiple-output (SU-MIMO) systems are proposed. Among four channel estimation techniques developed in the paper, the two novel ones, single-path approximated channel (SPAC) and selective emphasis on rank-one matrices (SEROM), have low training overhead to enable practical IRS-empowered SU-MIMO systems. SPAC is mainly based on parameter estimation by approximating IRS-related channels as dominant single-path channels. SEROM exploits IRS phase shifts as well as training signals for channel estimation and easily adjusts its training overhead. A closed-form solution for IRS phase shift design is also developed to maximize spectral efficiency where the solution only requires basic linear operations. Numerical results show that SPAC and SEROM combined with the proposed IRS phase shift design achieve high spectral efficiency even with low training overhead compared to existing methods.      
### 39.Stable Online Control of Linear Time-Varying Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14134.pdf)
>  Linear time-varying (LTV) systems are widely used for modeling real-world dynamical systems due to their generality and simplicity. Providing stability guarantees for LTV systems is one of the central problems in control theory. However, existing approaches that guarantee stability typically lead to significantly sub-optimal cumulative control cost in online settings where only current or short-term system information is available. In this work, we propose an efficient online control algorithm, COvariance Constrained Online Linear Quadratic (COCO-LQ) control, that guarantees input-to-state stability for a large class of LTV systems while also minimizing the control cost. The proposed method incorporates a state covariance constraint into the semi-definite programming (SDP) formulation of the LQ optimal controller. We empirically demonstrate the performance of COCO-LQ in both synthetic experiments and a power system frequency control example.      
### 40.Hardware Architecture of Embedded Inference Accelerator and Analysis of Algorithms for Depthwise and Large-Kernel Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14125.pdf)
>  In order to handle modern convolutional neural networks (CNNs) efficiently, a hardware architecture of CNN inference accelerator is proposed to handle depthwise convolutions and regular convolutions, which are both essential building blocks for embedded-computer-vision algorithms. Different from related works, the proposed architecture can support filter kernels with different sizes with high flexibility since it does not require extra costs for intra-kernel parallelism, and it can generate convolution results faster than the architecture of the related works. The experimental results show the importance of supporting depthwise convolutions and dilated convolutions with the proposed hardware architecture. In addition to depthwise convolutions with large-kernels, a new structure called DDC layer, which includes the combination of depthwise convolutions and dilated convolutions, is also analyzed in this paper. For face detection, the computational costs decrease by 30%, and the model size decreases by 20% when the DDC layers are applied to the network. For image classification, the accuracy is increased by 1% by simply replacing $3 \times 3$ filters with $5 \times 5$ filters in depthwise convolutions.      
### 41.Adaptive Partitioning Strategy for High-Dimensional Discrete Simulation-based Optimization Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14119.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a technique to enhance the computational efficiency of solution algorithms for high-dimensional discrete simulation-based optimization problems. The technique is based on innovative adaptive partitioning strategies that partition the feasible region using solutions that has already been simulated as well as prior knowledge of the problem of interesting. We integrate the proposed strategies with the Empirical Stochastic Branch-and-Bound framework proposed by Xu and Nelson (2013). This combination leads to a general-purpose discrete simulation-based optimization algorithm that is both globally convergent and has good small sample (finite-time) performance. The proposed general-purpose discrete simulation-based optimization algorithm is validated on a synthetic discrete simulation-based optimization problem and is then used to address a real-world car-sharing fleet assignment problem. Experiment results show that the proposed strategy can increase the algorithm efficiency significantly.      
### 42.Improving Fairness in Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14067.pdf)
>  The human voice conveys unique characteristics of an individual, making voice biometrics a key technology for verifying identities in various industries. Despite the impressive progress of speaker recognition systems in terms of accuracy, a number of ethical and legal concerns has been raised, specifically relating to the fairness of such systems. In this paper, we aim to explore the disparity in performance achieved by state-of-the-art deep speaker recognition systems, when different groups of individuals characterized by a common sensitive attribute (e.g., gender) are considered. In order to mitigate the unfairness we uncovered by means of an exploratory study, we investigate whether balancing the representation of the different groups of individuals in the training set can lead to a more equal treatment of these demographic groups. Experiments on two state-of-the-art neural architectures and a large-scale public dataset show that models trained with demographically-balanced training sets exhibit a fairer behavior on different groups, while still being accurate. Our study is expected to provide a solid basis for instilling beyond-accuracy objectives (e.g., fairness) in speaker recognition.      
### 43.Continuous Decoding of Daily-Life Hand Movements from Forearm Muscle Activity for Enhanced Myoelectric Control of Hand Prostheses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.14049.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art motorized hand prostheses are endowed with actuators able to provide independent and proportional control of as many as six degrees of freedom (DOFs). The control signals are derived from residual electromyographic (EMG) activity, recorded concurrently from relevant forearm muscles. Nevertheless, the functional mapping between forearm EMG activity and hand kinematics is only known with limited accuracy. Therefore, no robust method exists for the reliable computation of control signals for the independent and proportional actuation of more than two DOFs. A common approach to deal with this limitation is to pre-program the prostheses for the execution of a restricted number of behaviors (e.g., pinching, grasping, and wrist rotation) that are activated by the detection of specific EMG activation patterns. However, this approach severely limits the range of activities users can perform with the prostheses during their daily living. In this work, we introduce a novel method, based on a long short-term memory (LSTM) network, to continuously map forearm EMG activity onto hand kinematics. Critically, unlike previous work, which often focuses on simple and highly controlled motor tasks, we tested our method on a dataset of activities of daily living (ADLs): the KIN-MUS UJI dataset. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first reported work on the prediction of hand kinematics that uses this challenging dataset. Remarkably, we show that our network is able to generalize to novel untrained ADLs. Our results suggest that the presented method is suitable for the generation of control signals for the independent and proportional actuation of the multiple DOFs of state-of-the-art hand prostheses.      
### 44.Safety-Augmented Operation of Mobile Robots Using Variable Structure Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13999.pdf)
>  The design process and complexity of existing safety controls are heavily determined by the geometrical properties of the environment, which affects the proof of convergence, design scalability, performance robustness, and numerical efficiency of the control. Hence, this paper proposes a variable structure control to isolate the environment's geometrical complexity from the control structure. A super-twisting algorithm is used to achieve accurate trajectory tracking and robust safety control. The safety control is designed solely based on distance measurement. First, a nominal safety model for obstacle avoidance is derived, where realistic system constraints are considered. The nominal model is well-suited for safety control design for obstacle avoidance, geofencing, and border patrol with analytically proven stability results. The safety control utilizes distance measurement to maintain a safe distance by compensating the robot's angular velocity. A supervisory logic is constructed to guarantee the overall stability and safety of the system. Operational safety and precision tracking are proven under parametric uncertainty and environmental uncertainty. The proposed design is modular with minimal tuning parameters, which reduces the computational burden and improves the control scalability. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified against various case studies.      
### 45.Semi-Supervised Learning of Visual Features by Non-Parametrically Predicting View Assignments with Support Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.13963.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel method of learning by predicting view assignments with support samples (PAWS). The method trains a model to minimize a consistency loss, which ensures that different views of the same unlabeled instance are assigned similar pseudo-labels. The pseudo-labels are generated non-parametrically, by comparing the representations of the image views to those of a set of randomly sampled labeled images. The distance between the view representations and labeled representations is used to provide a weighting over class labels, which we interpret as a soft pseudo-label. By non-parametrically incorporating labeled samples in this way, PAWS extends the distance-metric loss used in self-supervised methods such as BYOL and SwAV to the semi-supervised setting. Despite the simplicity of the approach, PAWS outperforms other semi-supervised methods across architectures, setting a new state-of-the-art for a ResNet-50 on ImageNet trained with either 10% or 1% of the labels, reaching 75.5% and 66.5% top-1 respectively. PAWS requires 4x to 12x less training than the previous best methods.      
