# ArXiv eess --Fri, 16 Apr 2021
### 1.Image Super-Resolution via Iterative Refinement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07636.pdf)
>  We present SR3, an approach to image Super-Resolution via Repeated Refinement. SR3 adapts denoising diffusion probabilistic models to conditional image generation and performs super-resolution through a stochastic denoising process. Inference starts with pure Gaussian noise and iteratively refines the noisy output using a U-Net model trained on denoising at various noise levels. SR3 exhibits strong performance on super-resolution tasks at different magnification factors, on faces and natural images. We conduct human evaluation on a standard 8X face super-resolution task on CelebA-HQ, comparing with SOTA GAN methods. SR3 achieves a fool rate close to 50%, suggesting photo-realistic outputs, while GANs do not exceed a fool rate of 34%. We further show the effectiveness of SR3 in cascaded image generation, where generative models are chained with super-resolution models, yielding a competitive FID score of 11.3 on ImageNet.      
### 2.Collective Iterative Learning Control: Exploiting Diversity in Multi-Agent Systems for Reference Tracking Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07620.pdf)
>  This paper considers a group of autonomous agents learning to track the same given reference trajectory in a possibly small number of trials. We propose a novel collective learning control method (namely, CILC) that combines Iterative Learning Control (ILC) with a collective input update strategy. We derive conditions for desirable convergence properties of such systems. We show that the proposed method allows the collective to combine the advantages of the agents' individual learning strategies and thereby overcomes trade-offs and limitations of single-agent ILC. This benefit is leveraged by designing a heterogeneous collective, i.e., a different learning law is assigned to each agent. All theoretical results are confirmed in simulations and experiments with two-wheeled-inverted-pendulums robots (TWIPRs) that jointly learn to perform a desired maneuver.      
### 3.An ADMM-based Optimal Transmission Frequency Management System for IoT Edge Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07614.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate a key problem of Internet of Things (IoT) applications in practice. Our research objective is to optimize the transmission frequencies for a group of IoT edge devices under practical constraints. Our key assumption is that different IoT devices may have different priority levels when transmitting data in a resource-constrained environment and that those priority levels may only be locally defined and accessible by edge devices for privacy concerns. To address this problem, we leverage the well-known Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) optimization method and demonstrate its applicability for effectively managing various IoT data streams in a decentralized framework. Our experimental results show that the transmission frequency of each edge device can converge to optimality with little delay using ADMM, and the proposed system can be adjusted dynamically when a new device connects to the system. In addition, we also introduce an anomaly detection mechanism to the system when a device's transmission frequency may be compromised by external manipulation, showing that the proposed system is robust and secure for various IoT applications.      
### 4.The Effect of Population Flow on Epidemic Spread: Analysis and Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07600.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a discrete-time networked SEIR model using population flow, its derivation, and assumptions under which this model is well defined. We identify properties of the system's equilibria, namely the healthy states. We show that the set of healthy states is asymptotically stable, and that the value of the equilibria becomes equal across all sub-populations as a result of the network flow model. Furthermore, we explore closed-loop feedback control of the system by limiting flow between sub-populations as a function of the current infected states. These results are illustrated via simulation based on flight traffic between major airports in the United States. We find that a flow restriction strategy combined with a vaccine roll-out significantly reduces the total number of infections over the course of an epidemic, given that the initial flow restriction response is not delayed.      
### 5.Piecewise-linear modelling with feature selection for Li-ion battery end of life prognosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07576.pdf)
>  The complex nature of lithium-ion battery degradation has led to many machine learning based approaches to health forecasting being proposed in literature. However, machine learning can be computationally intensive. Linear approaches are faster but have previously been too inflexible for successful prognosis. For both techniques, the choice and quality of the inputs is a limiting factor of performance. Piecewise-linear models, combined with automated feature selection, offer a fast and flexible alternative without being as computationally intensive as machine learning. Here, a piecewise-linear approach to battery health forecasting was compared to a Gaussian process regression tool and found to perform equally well. The input feature selection process demonstrated the benefit of limiting the correlation between inputs. Further trials found that the piecewise-linear approach was robust to changing input size and availability of training data.      
### 6.BAM: A Lightweight and Efficient Balanced Attention Mechanism for Single Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07566.pdf)
>  Single image super-resolution (SISR) is one of the most challenging problems in the field of computer vision. Among the deep convolutional neural network based methods, attention mechanism has shown the enormous potential. However, due to the diverse network architectures, there is a lack of a universal attention mechanism for the SISR task. In this paper, we propose a lightweight and efficient Balanced Attention Mechanism (BAM), which can be generally applicable for different SISR networks. It consists of Avgpool Channel Attention Module (ACAM) and Maxpool Spatial Attention Module (MSAM). These two modules are connected in parallel to minimize the error accumulation and the crosstalk. To reduce the undesirable effect of redundant information on the attention generation, we only apply Avgpool for channel attention because Maxpool could pick up the illusive extreme points in the feature map across the spatial dimensions, and we only apply Maxpool for spatial attention because the useful features along the channel dimension usually exist in the form of maximum values for SISR task. To verify the efficiency and robustness of BAM, we apply it to 12 state-of-the-art SISR networks, among which eight were without attention thus we plug BAM in and four were with attention thus we replace its original attention module with BAM. We experiment on Set5, Set14 and BSD100 benchmark datasets with the scale factor of x2 , x3 and x4 . The results demonstrate that BAM can generally improve the network performance. Moreover, we conduct the ablation experiments to prove the minimalism of BAM. Our results show that the parallel structure of BAM can better balance channel and spatial attentions, thus outperforming the series structure of prior Convolutional Block Attention Module (CBAM).      
### 7.Multi-compartment diffusion MRI, T2 relaxometry and myelin water imaging as neuroimaging descriptors for anomalous tissue detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07502.pdf)
>  Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory and neurodegenerative disease characterized by diffuse and focal areas of tissue loss. Conventional MRI techniques such as T1-weighted and T2-weighted scans are generally used in the diagnosis and prognosis of the disease. Yet, these methods are limited by the lack of specificity between lesions, their perilesional area and non-lesional tissue. Alternative MRI techniques exhibit a higher level of sensitivity to focal and diffuse MS pathology than conventional MRI acquisitions. However, they still suffer from limited specificity when considered alone. In this work, we have combined tissue microstructure information derived from multicompartment diffusion MRI and T2 relaxometry models to explore the voxel-based prediction power of a machine learning model in a cohort of MS patients and healthy controls. Our results show that the combination of multi-modal features, together with a boosting enhanced decision-tree based classifier, which combines a set of weak classifiers to form a strong classifier via a voting mechanism, is able to utilise the complementary information for the classification of abnormal tissue.      
### 8.EAT: Enhanced ASR-TTS for Self-supervised Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07474.pdf)
>  Self-supervised ASR-TTS models suffer in out-of-domain data conditions. Here we propose an enhanced ASR-TTS (EAT) model that incorporates two main features: 1) The ASR$\rightarrow$TTS direction is equipped with a language model reward to penalize the ASR hypotheses before forwarding it to TTS. 2) In the TTS$\rightarrow$ASR direction, a hyper-parameter is introduced to scale the attention context from synthesized speech before sending it to ASR to handle out-of-domain data. Training strategies and the effectiveness of the EAT model are explored under out-of-domain data conditions. The results show that EAT reduces the performance gap between supervised and self-supervised training significantly by absolute 2.6\% and 2.7\% on Librispeech and BABEL respectively.      
### 9.Estimation of atrial fibrillation from lead-I ECGs: Comparison with cardiologists and machine learning model (CurAlive), a clinical validation study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07427.pdf)
>  Electrocardiogram recognition of cardiac arrhythmias is critical for cardiac abnormality diagnosis. Because of their strong prediction characteristics, artificial neural networks are the preferred method in medical diagnosis systems. This study presents a method to detect atrial fibrillation with lead-I ECGs using artificial intelligence. The aim of the study is to compare the accuracy of the diagnoses estimated by cardiologists and artificial intelligence over lead-I ECGs using 12-lead ECGs as references. To evaluate the performance of the proposed model, dataset were collected from China Physiological Signal Challenge 2018. In the study, diagnoses were examined in three groups as normal sinus rhythm, atrial fibrillation and OTHER. All rhythm and beat types except NSR and AFIB were labeled as OTHER super-class. OTHER contains First-degree atrioventricular blocks, Conduction disturbances, Left bundle branch block, Right bundle branch block, Premature atrial contraction, Premature ventricular contraction, ST-segment depression and ST-segment elevated type ECGs. CurAlive A.I. model which is using DenseNet as a CNN architecture and continuous wavelet transform as feature extraction method, showed a great performance on classifying ECGs from only lead-I compared to cardiologists. The AI model reached the weighted average precision, recall, F1-score and total accuracy 94.1%, 93.6%, 93.7% and 93.6% respectively, and the average of each of the three cardiologists has reached weighted average precision, recall, F1-score and total accuracy 82.2%, 54.6%, 57.5% and 54.6% respectively. This study showed that the proposed CNN model CurAlive, can be used to accurately diagnose AFIB, NSR, and OTHER rhythm using lead-I ECGs to accelerate the early detection of AFIB as a cardiologist assistant. It is also able to identify patients into different risk groups as part of remote patient monitoring systems.      
### 10.Ransomware Detection Using Deep Learning in the SCADA System of Electric Vehicle Charging Station  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07409.pdf)
>  The Supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems have been continuously leveraging the evolution of network architecture, communication protocols, next-generation communication techniques (5G, 6G, Wi-Fi 6), and the internet of things (IoT). However, SCADA system has become the most profitable and alluring target for ransomware attackers. This paper proposes the deep learning-based novel ransomware detection framework in the SCADA controlled electric vehicle charging station (EVCS) with the performance analysis of three deep learning algorithms, namely deep neural network (DNN), 1D convolution neural network (CNN), and long short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network. All three-deep learning-based simulated frameworks achieve around 97% average accuracy (ACC), more than 98% of the average area under the curve (AUC), and an average F1-score under 10-fold stratified cross-validation with an average false alarm rate (FAR) less than 1.88%. Ransomware driven distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack tends to shift the SOC profile by exceeding the SOC control thresholds. The severity has been found to increase as the attack progress and penetration increases. Also, ransomware driven false data injection (FDI) attack has the potential to damage the entire BES or physical system by manipulating the SOC control thresholds. It's a design choice and optimization issue that a deep learning algorithm can deploy based on the tradeoffs between performance metrics.      
### 11.Conditional independence for pretext task selection in Self-supervised speech representation learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07388.pdf)
>  Through solving pretext tasks, self-supervised learning (SSL) leverages unlabeled data to extract useful latent representations replacing traditional input features in the downstream task. A common pretext task consists in pretraining a SSL model on pseudo-labels derived from the original signal. This technique is particularly relevant for speech data where various meaningful signal processing features may serve as pseudo-labels. However, the process of selecting pseudo-labels, for speech or other types of data, remains mostly unexplored and currently relies on observing the results on the final downstream task. Nevertheless, this methodology is not sustainable at scale due to substantial computational (hence carbon) costs. Thus, this paper introduces a practical and theoretical framework to select relevant pseudo-labels with respect to a given downstream task. More precisely, we propose a functional estimator of the pseudo-label utility grounded in the conditional independence theory, which does not require any training. The experiments conducted on speaker recognition and automatic speech recognition validate our estimator, showing a significant correlation between the performance observed on the downstream task and the utility estimates obtained with our approach, facilitating the prospection of relevant pseudo-labels for self-supervised speech representation learning.      
### 12.Electromagnetic Models for Passive Detection and Localization of Multiple Bodies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07354.pdf)
>  The paper proposes a multi-body electromagnetic (EM) model for the quantitative evaluation of the influence of multiple human bodies in the surroundings of a radio link. Modeling of human-induced fading is the key element for the development of real-time Device-Free (or passive) Localization (DFL) and body occupancy tracking systems based on the processing of the Received Signal Strength (RSS) data recorded by radio-frequency devices. The proposed physical-statistical model, is able to relate the RSS measurements to the position, size, orientation, and random movements of people located in the link area. This novel EM model is thus instrumental for crowd sensing, occupancy estimation and people counting applications for indoor and outdoor scenarios. The paper presents the complete framework for the generic N-body scenario where the proposed EM model is based on the knife-edge approach that is generalized here for multiple targets. The EM-equivalent size of each target is then optimized to reproduce the body-induced alterations of the free space radio propagation. The predicted results are then compared against the full EM simulations obtained with a commercially available simulator. Finally, experiments are carried out to confirm the validity the proposed model using IEEE 802.15.4-compliant industrial radio devices.      
### 13.Day-Ahead and Intra-Day Planning of Integrated BESS-PV Systems providing Frequency Regulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07352.pdf)
>  The paper proposes an optimal management strategy for a system composed by a battery and a photovoltaic power plant. This integrated system is called to deliver the photovoltaic power and to simultaneously provide droop-based primary frequency regulation to the main grid. The battery state-of-energy is controlled by power offset signals, which are determined using photovoltaic energy generation forecasts and predictions of the energy required to operate frequency regulation. A two level control architecture is developed. A day-ahead planning algorithm schedules the energy profile which is traded at the day-ahead market and defines the primary control reserve that the integrated system is able to provide in the considered day. During the day operations, a second level algorithm corrects the dispatched plan using updated information, in order to guarantee a continuous and reliable service. Both control algorithms take into account the uncertainties of the photovoltaic generation and of the frequency dynamics using stochastic optimization.      
### 14.Frequency stability assessment of modern power systems: models definition and parameters identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07330.pdf)
>  One of the fundamental concerns in the operation of modern power systems is the assessment of their frequency stability in case of inertia-reduction induced by the large share of power electronic interfaced resources. Within this context, the paper proposes a framework that, by making use of linear models of the frequency response of different types of power plants, including also grid--forming and grid-following converters, is capable to infer a numerically tractable dynamical model to be used in frequency stability assessment. Furthermore, the proposed framework makes use of models defined in a way such that their parameters can be inferred from real-time measurements feeding a classical least squares estimator. The paper validates the proposed framework using a full-replica of the dynamical model of the IEEE 39 bus system simulated in a real-time platform.      
### 15.EnvGAN: Adversarial Synthesis of Environmental Sounds for Data Augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07326.pdf)
>  The research in Environmental Sound Classification (ESC) has been progressively growing with the emergence of deep learning algorithms. However, data scarcity poses a major hurdle for any huge advance in this domain. Data augmentation offers an excellent solution to this problem. While Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) have been successful in generating synthetic speech and sounds of musical instruments, they have hardly been applied to the generation of environmental sounds. This paper presents EnvGAN, the first ever application of GANs for the adversarial generation of environmental sounds. Our experiments on three standard ESC datasets illustrate that the EnvGAN can synthesize audio similar to the ones in the datasets. The suggested method of augmentation outshines most of the futuristic techniques for audio augmentation.      
### 16.Investigating the Utility of Multimodal Conversational Technology and Audiovisual Analytic Measures for the Assessment and Monitoring of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis at Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07310.pdf)
>  We propose a cloud-based multimodal dialog platform for the remote assessment and monitoring of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) at scale. This paper presents our vision, technology setup, and an initial investigation of the efficacy of the various acoustic and visual speech metrics automatically extracted by the platform. 82 healthy controls and 54 people with ALS (pALS) were instructed to interact with the platform and completed a battery of speaking tasks designed to probe the acoustic, articulatory, phonatory, and respiratory aspects of their speech. We find that multiple acoustic (rate, duration, voicing) and visual (higher order statistics of the jaw and lip) speech metrics show statistically significant differences between controls, bulbar symptomatic and bulbar pre-symptomatic patients. We report on the sensitivity and specificity of these metrics using five-fold cross-validation. We further conducted a LASSO-LARS regression analysis to uncover the relative contributions of various acoustic and visual features in predicting the severity of patients' ALS (as measured by their self-reported ALSFRS-R scores). Our results provide encouraging evidence of the utility of automatically extracted audiovisual analytics for scalable remote patient assessment and monitoring in ALS.      
### 17.Speaker Attentive Speech Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07288.pdf)
>  Speech Emotion Recognition (SER) task has known significant improvements over the last years with the advent of Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). However, even the most successful methods are still rather failing when adaptation to specific speakers and scenarios is needed, inevitably leading to poorer performances when compared to humans. In this paper, we present novel work based on the idea of teaching the emotion recognition network about speaker identity. Our system is a combination of two ACRNN classifiers respectively dedicated to speaker and emotion recognition. The first informs the latter through a Self Speaker Attention (SSA) mechanism that is shown to considerably help to focus on emotional information of the speech signal. Experiments on social attitudes database Att-HACK and IEMOCAP corpus demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method and achieve the state-of-the-art performance in terms of unweighted average recall.      
### 18.Towards end-to-end F0 voice conversion based on Dual-GAN with convolutional wavelet kernels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07283.pdf)
>  This paper presents a end-to-end framework for the F0 transformation in the context of expressive voice conversion. A single neural network is proposed, in which a first module is used to learn F0 representation over different temporal scales and a second adversarial module is used to learn the transformation from one emotion to another. The first module is composed of a convolution layer with wavelet kernels so that the various temporal scales of F0 variations can be efficiently encoded. The single decomposition/transformation network allows to learn in a end-to-end manner the F0 decomposition that are optimal with respect to the transformation, directly from the raw F0 signal.      
### 19.Deep learning for COVID-19 diagnosis based feature selection using binary differential evolution algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07279.pdf)
>  The new Coronavirus is spreading rapidly and it has taken the lives of many people so far. The virus has destructive effects on the human lung and early detection is very important. Deep Convolution neural networks are a powerful tool in classifying images. Therefore, in this paper a hybrid approach based on a deep network is presented. Feature vectors were extracted by applying a deep convolution neural network on the images and effective features were selected by the binary differential meta-heuristic algorithm. These optimized features were given to the SVM classifier. A database consisting of three categories of images as COVID-19, pneumonia, and healthy included 1092 X-ray samples was considered. The proposed method achieved an accuracy of 99.43%, a sensitivity of 99.16%, and a specificity of 99.57%. Our results demonstrate the suggested approach is better than recent studies on COVID-19 detection with X-ray images.      
### 20.Quantitative processing of broadband data as implemented in a scientific splitbeam echosounder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07248.pdf)
>  The use of quantitative broadband echosounders for biological studies and surveys offers considerable advantages over narrowband echosounders. These include improved spectral-based target identification and significantly increased ability to resolve individual targets. Biological studies and surveys typically require accurate measures of backscatter strength and we present here a systematic and comprehensive explanation of how to derive quantitative estimates of target strength and volume backscattering, as a function of frequency from broadband echosounder signals.      
### 21.Vision Transformer using Low-level Chest X-ray Feature Corpus for COVID-19 Diagnosis and Severity Quantification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07235.pdf)
>  Developing a robust algorithm to diagnose and quantify the severity of COVID-19 using Chest X-ray (CXR) requires a large number of well-curated COVID-19 datasets, which is difficult to collect under the global COVID-19 pandemic. On the other hand, CXR data with other findings are abundant. This situation is ideally suited for the Vision Transformer (ViT) architecture, where a lot of unlabeled data can be used through structural modeling by the self-attention mechanism. However, the use of existing ViT is not optimal, since feature embedding through direct patch flattening or ResNet backbone in the standard ViT is not intended for CXR. To address this problem, here we propose a novel Vision Transformer that utilizes low-level CXR feature corpus obtained from a backbone network that extracts common CXR findings. Specifically, the backbone network is first trained with large public datasets to detect common abnormal findings such as consolidation, opacity, edema, etc. Then, the embedded features from the backbone network are used as corpora for a Transformer model for the diagnosis and the severity quantification of COVID-19. We evaluate our model on various external test datasets from totally different institutions to evaluate the generalization capability. The experimental results confirm that our model can achieve the state-of-the-art performance in both diagnosis and severity quantification tasks with superior generalization capability, which are sine qua non of widespread deployment.      
### 22.Optimal Positioning of PMUs for Fault Detection and Localization in Active Distribution Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07211.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of fault detection and localization in active distribution networks using PMUs. The proposed algorithm consists in computing a set of weighted least squares state estimates whose results are used to detect, characterize and localize the occurrence of a fault. Moreover, a criteria to minimize the number of PMUs required to correctly perform the proposed algorithm is defined. Such a criteria, based on system observability conditions, allows the design of an optimization problem to set the positions of PMUs along the grid, in order to get the desired fault localization resolution. The performances of the strategy are tested via simulations on a benchmark distribution system.      
### 23.A Novel Unified Framework for Solving Reachability, Viability and Invariance Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07200.pdf)
>  Level set method is a widely used tool for solving reachability, viability and invariance problems. However, some shortcomings, such as the difficulties of handling dissipation function and constructing terminal condition for solving the Hamilton-Jacobi partial differential equation, limit the application of level set method in some problems with non-affine nonlinear systems and irregular target sets. In this paper, we propose a method which can effectively avoid the above difficult issues thus has better generality. In the proposed method, the reachable, viable and invariant sets are characterized by some non-zero level sets of different value functions. Instead of solving partial differential equations, the value functions are approximated by recursion and interpolation. At the end of this paper, some examples are taken to illustrate the accuracy and generality of the proposed method.      
### 24.A hybrid green energy-based framework with a multi-objective optimization approach for optimal frost prevention in horticulture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07189.pdf)
>  In this paper, first we propose a novel hybrid renewable energy-based solution for frost prevention in horticulture applications involving active heaters. Then, we develop a multi-objective robust optimization-based formulation to optimize the distribution of a given number of active heaters in a given large-scale orchard. The objectives are to optimally heat the orchard by the proposed frost prevention system and to minimize the total length of the energy distribution pipe network (which is directly related to the installation cost and the cost of energy losses during energy transfer). Next, the resulting optimization problem is approximated using a discretization scheme. A case study is provided to give an idea of the potential savings using the proposed optimization method compared to the result from a heuristic-based design, which showed a 24.13% reduction in the total pipe length and a 54.29% increase in frost prevention.      
### 25.Gyrator-Capacitor Modeling of a Continuously Variable Series Reactor in Different Operating Modes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07184.pdf)
>  Continuously Variable Series Reactor (CVSR) can regulate its reactance on the ac side using the nonlinear ferromagnetic core, shared by an ac and a dc winding for applications like power flow control, oscillation damping, load balancing and others. In order to use a CVSR in the power grid, it is essential to know its operating characteristics. The Gyrator-Capacitor approach has been applied to model the magnetic circuit coupled with the electrical circuit. In the paper, we investigate the CVSR behavior in terms of induced voltages across the dc winding, flux densities (B) through the core legs, and power exchange between the ac controlled and the dc control circuit.      
### 26.Prescribed-time control with linear decay for nonlinear systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07147.pdf)
>  In this letter, a new notion of stability is introduced, which is called triangular stability. A system is called triangularly stable if the norm of its state vector is bounded by a decreasing linear function of time such that its intersection point with the time axis can be arbitrarily commanded by the user. Triangular stability implies prescribed-time stability, which means that the nonlinear system is converged to zero equilibrium at an arbitrary finite time. A prescribed-time controller with guaranteed triangular stability is developed for normal form nonlinear systems with uncertain input gain, which is able to reject the disturbances and unmodeled dynamics. Numerical simulations are carried out to visualize the results for second and fourth-order systems.      
### 27.Meteorologically Introduced Impacts on Aerial Channels and UAV Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07116.pdf)
>  As 5G wireless systems and networks are now being globally commercialized and deployed, more diversified application scenarios are emerging, quickly reshaping our societies and paving the road to the beyond 5G (6G) era when terahertz (THz) and unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) communications may play critical roles. In this paper, aerial channel models under multiple meteorological conditions such as rain, fog and snow, have been investigated at frequencies of interest (from 2 GHz to 900 GHz) for UAV communications. Furthermore, the link budget and the received signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) performance under the existing air-to-ground (A2G) channel models are studied with antenna(s) system considered. The relationship between the 3D coverage radius and UAV altitude under the influence of multiple weather (MW) conditions is simulated. Numerical results show that medium rain has the most effects on the UAV's coverage for UAV communications at millimeter wave (mmWave) bands, while snow has the largest impacts at near THz bands. In addition, when the frequency increases, the corresponding increase in the number of antennas can effectively compensate for the propagation loss introduced by weather factors, while its form factor and weight can be kept to maintain the UAV's payload.      
### 28.Channel Estimation and Hybrid Architectures for RIS-Assisted Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07115.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) are considered as potential technologies for the upcoming sixth-generation (6G) wireless communication system. Various benefits brought by deploying one or multiple RISs include increased spectrum and energy efficiency, enhanced connectivity, extended communication coverage, reduced complexity at transceivers, and even improved localization accuracy. However, to unleash their full potential, fundamentals related to RISs, ranging from physical-layer (PHY) modelling to RIS phase control, need to be addressed thoroughly. In this paper, we provide an overview of some timely research problems related to the RIS technology, i.e., PHY modelling (including also physics), channel estimation, potential RIS architectures, and RIS phase control (via both model-based and data-driven approaches), along with recent numerical results. We envision that more efforts will be devoted towards intelligent wireless environments, enabled by RISs.      
### 29.Synchronization of Identical Boundary-Actuated Nonlinear Infinite-Dimensional Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07099.pdf)
>  This paper deals with synchronization of a class of infinite-dimensional nonlinear systems. The considered network is described by a collection of semilinear Lipschitz boundary-actuated infinite-dimensional dynamics. For undirected connected graphs, sufficient conditions for asymptotic synchronization are established. We show that the proposed conditions when applied to systems of hyperbolic semilinear conservation laws can be recast into a set of matrix inequalities. For this class of systems, sufficient conditions in the form of linear matrix inequalities for the design of synchronizing policies are provided.      
### 30.SVS-net: A Novel Semantic Segmentation Network in Optical Coherence Tomography Angiography Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07083.pdf)
>  Automated vascular segmentation on optical coherence tomography angiography (OCTA) is important for the quantitative analyses of retinal microvasculature in neuroretinal and systemic diseases. Despite recent improvements, artifacts continue to pose challenges in segmentation. Our study focused on removing the speckle noise artifact from OCTA images when performing segmentation. Speckle noise is common in OCTA and is particularly prominent over large non-perfusion areas. It may interfere with the proper assessment of retinal vasculature. In this study, we proposed a novel Supervision Vessel Segmentation network (SVS-net) to detect vessels of different sizes. The SVS-net includes a new attention-based module to describe vessel positions and facilitate the understanding of the network learning process. The model is efficient and explainable and could be utilized to reduce the need for manual labeling. Our SVS-net had better performance in accuracy, recall, F1 score, and Kappa score when compared to other well recognized models.      
### 31.Anatomy-guided Multimodal Registration by Learning Segmentation without Ground Truth: Application to Intraprocedural CBCT/MR Liver Segmentation and Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07056.pdf)
>  Multimodal image registration has many applications in diagnostic medical imaging and image-guided interventions, such as Transcatheter Arterial Chemoembolization (TACE) of liver cancer guided by intraprocedural CBCT and pre-operative MR. The ability to register peri-procedurally acquired diagnostic images into the intraprocedural environment can potentially improve the intra-procedural tumor targeting, which will significantly improve therapeutic outcomes. However, the intra-procedural CBCT often suffers from suboptimal image quality due to lack of signal calibration for Hounsfield unit, limited FOV, and motion/metal artifacts. These non-ideal conditions make standard intensity-based multimodal registration methods infeasible to generate correct transformation across modalities. While registration based on anatomic structures, such as segmentation or landmarks, provides an efficient alternative, such anatomic structure information is not always available. One can train a deep learning-based anatomy extractor, but it requires large-scale manual annotations on specific modalities, which are often extremely time-consuming to obtain and require expert radiological readers. To tackle these issues, we leverage annotated datasets already existing in a source modality and propose an anatomy-preserving domain adaptation to segmentation network (APA2Seg-Net) for learning segmentation without target modality ground truth. The segmenters are then integrated into our anatomy-guided multimodal registration based on the robust point matching machine. Our experimental results on in-house TACE patient data demonstrated that our APA2Seg-Net can generate robust CBCT and MR liver segmentation, and the anatomy-guided registration framework with these segmenters can provide high-quality multimodal registrations. Our code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/bbbbbbzhou/APA2Seg-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Demographic-Guided Attention in Recurrent Neural Networks for Modeling Neuropathophysiological Heterogeneity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07654.pdf)
>  Heterogeneous presentation of a neurological disorder suggests potential differences in the underlying pathophysiological changes that occur in the brain. We propose to model heterogeneous patterns of functional network differences using a demographic-guided attention (DGA) mechanism for recurrent neural network models for prediction from functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) time-series data. The context computed from the DGA head is used to help focus on the appropriate functional networks based on individual demographic information. We demonstrate improved classification on 3 subsets of the ABIDE I dataset used in published studies that have previously produced state-of-the-art results, evaluating performance under a leave-one-site-out cross-validation framework for better generalizeability to new data. Finally, we provide examples of interpreting functional network differences based on individual demographic variables.      
### 33.Otaku: Intelligent Management System for Student-Intensive Dormitory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07630.pdf)
>  In most student dorms in developing countries, a large number of people live in single-function dorm units. The division of the dormitory is too fixed, resulting in the dormitory often lacking functional spaces such as entertainment, sports, meetings, etc. At the same time, a large number of people are likely to cause aggregation at a fixed time, which is not conducive to maintaining social distance under pandemic conditions such as COVID-19. This brings a lot of inconvenience to students' life studies and management staff. In this paper, we present a smart dormitory system named Otaku using the Internet of Things technology to integrate facilities related to student dormitory life. By splitting the dormitory into several different categories according to their functionality by using smart door lock design, the system can achieve a more effective and flexible resource allocation, which not only helps the school management but also benefits students.      
### 34.Data-Driven Robust Barrier Functions for Safe, Long-Term Operation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07592.pdf)
>  Applications that require multi-robot systems to operate independently for extended periods of time in unknown or unstructured environments face a broad set of challenges, such as hardware degradation, changing weather patterns, or unfamiliar terrain. To operate effectively under these changing conditions, algorithms developed for long-term autonomy applications require a stronger focus on robustness. Consequently, this work considers the ability to satisfy the operation-critical constraints of a disturbed system in a modular fashion, which means compatibility with different system objectives and disturbance representations. Toward this end, this paper introduces a controller-synthesis approach to constraint satisfaction for disturbed control-affine dynamical systems by utilizing Control Barrier Functions (CBFs). The aforementioned framework is constructed by modelling the disturbance as a union of convex hulls and leveraging previous work on CBFs for differential inclusions. This method of disturbance modeling grants compatibility with different disturbance-estimation methods. For example, this work demonstrates how a disturbance learned via a Gaussian process may be utilized in the proposed framework. These estimated disturbances are incorporated into the proposed controller-synthesis framework which is then tested on a fleet of robots in different scenarios.      
### 35.Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning Based Coded Computation for Mobile Ad Hoc Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07539.pdf)
>  Mobile ad hoc computing (MAHC), which allows mobile devices to directly share their computing resources, is a promising solution to address the growing demands for computing resources required by mobile devices. However, offloading a computation task from a mobile device to other mobile devices is a challenging task due to frequent topology changes and link failures because of node mobility, unstable and unknown communication environments, and the heterogeneous nature of these devices. To address these challenges, in this paper, we introduce a novel coded computation scheme based on multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL), which has many promising features such as adaptability to network changes, high efficiency and robustness to uncertain system disturbances, consideration of node heterogeneity, and decentralized load allocation. Comprehensive simulation studies demonstrate that the proposed approach can outperform state-of-the-art distributed computing schemes.      
### 36.QuickLoc: Adaptive Deep-Learning for Fast Indoor Localization with Mobile Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07521.pdf)
>  Indoor localization services are a crucial aspect for the realization of smart cyber-physical systems within cities of the future. Such services are poised to reinvent the process of navigation and tracking of people and assets in a variety of indoor and subterranean environments. The growing ownership of computationally capable smartphones has laid the foundations of portable fingerprinting-based indoor localization through deep learning. However, as the demand for accurate localization increases, the computational complexity of the associated deep learning models increases as well. We present an approach for reducing the computational requirements of a deep learning-based indoor localization framework while maintaining localization accuracy targets. Our proposed methodology is deployed and validated across multiple smartphones and is shown to deliver up to 42% reduction in prediction latency and 45% reduction in prediction energy as compared to the best-known baseline deep learning-based indoor localization model.      
### 37.Spectrogram Inpainting for Interactive Generation of Instrument Sounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07519.pdf)
>  Modern approaches to sound synthesis using deep neural networks are hard to control, especially when fine-grained conditioning information is not available, hindering their adoption by musicians. <br>In this paper, we cast the generation of individual instrumental notes as an inpainting-based task, introducing novel and unique ways to iteratively shape sounds. To this end, we propose a two-step approach: first, we adapt the VQ-VAE-2 image generation architecture to spectrograms in order to convert real-valued spectrograms into compact discrete codemaps, we then implement token-masked Transformers for the inpainting-based generation of these codemaps. <br>We apply the proposed architecture on the NSynth dataset on masked resampling tasks. Most crucially, we open-source an interactive web interface to transform sounds by inpainting, for artists and practitioners alike, opening up to new, creative uses.      
### 38.Cross-domain Speech Recognition with Unsupervised Character-level Distribution Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07491.pdf)
>  End-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR) can achieve promising performance with large-scale training data. However, it is known that domain mismatch between training and testing data often leads to a degradation of recognition accuracy. In this work, we focus on the unsupervised domain adaptation for ASR and propose CMatch, a Character-level distribution matching method to perform fine-grained adaptation between each character in two domains. First, to obtain labels for the features belonging to each character, we achieve frame-level label assignment using the Connectionist Temporal Classification (CTC) pseudo labels. Then, we match the character-level distributions using Maximum Mean Discrepancy. We train our algorithm using the self-training technique. Experiments on the Libri-Adapt dataset show that our proposed approach achieves 14.39% and 16.50% relative Word Error Rate (WER) reduction on both cross-device and cross-environment ASR. We also comprehensively analyze the different strategies for frame-level label assignment and Transformer adaptations.      
### 39.Advanced Lane Detection Model for the Virtual Development of Highly Automated Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07481.pdf)
>  Virtual development and prototyping has already become an integral part in the field of automated driving systems (ADS). There are plenty of software tools that are used for the virtual development of ADS. One such tool is CarMaker from IPG Automotive, which is widely used in the scientific community and in the automotive industry. It offers a broad spectrum of implementation and modelling possibilities of the vehicle, driver behavior, control, sensors, and environmental models. Focusing on the virtual development of highly automated driving functions on the vehicle guidance level, it is essential to perceive the environment in a realistic manner. For the longitudinal and lateral path guidance line detection sensors are necessary for the determination of the relevant perceiving vehicle and for the planning of trajectories. For this purpose, a lane sensor model was developed in order to efficiently detect lanes in the simulation environment of CarMaker. The so-called advanced lane detection model (ALDM) is optimized regarding the calculation time and is for the lateral and longitudinal vehicle guidance in CarMaker.      
### 40.Zooming SlowMo: An Efficient One-Stage Framework for Space-Time Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07473.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the space-time video super-resolution, which aims at generating a high-resolution (HR) slow-motion video from a low-resolution (LR) and low frame rate (LFR) video sequence. A naïve method is to decompose it into two sub-tasks: video frame interpolation (VFI) and video super-resolution (VSR). Nevertheless, temporal interpolation and spatial upscaling are intra-related in this problem. Two-stage approaches cannot fully make use of this natural property. Besides, state-of-the-art VFI or VSR deep networks usually have a large frame reconstruction module in order to obtain high-quality photo-realistic video frames, which makes the two-stage approaches have large models and thus be relatively time-consuming. To overcome the issues, we present a one-stage space-time video super-resolution framework, which can directly reconstruct an HR slow-motion video sequence from an input LR and LFR video. Instead of reconstructing missing LR intermediate frames as VFI models do, we temporally interpolate LR frame features of the missing LR frames capturing local temporal contexts by a feature temporal interpolation module. Extensive experiments on widely used benchmarks demonstrate that the proposed framework not only achieves better qualitative and quantitative performance on both clean and noisy LR frames but also is several times faster than recent state-of-the-art two-stage networks. The source code is released in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Mukosame/Zooming-Slow-Mo-CVPR-2020" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> .      
### 41.Robust Neural Networks Outperform Attitude Estimation Filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07391.pdf)
>  Inertial-sensor-based attitude estimation is a crucial technology in various applications, from human motion tracking to autonomous aerial and ground vehicles. Application scenarios differ in characteristics of the performed motion, presence of disturbances, and environmental conditions. Since state-of-the-art attitude estimators do not generalize well over these characteristics, their parameters must be tuned for the individual motion characteristics and circumstances. We propose RIANN, a real-time-capable neural network for robust IMU-based attitude estimation, which generalizes well across different motion dynamics, environments, and sampling rates, without the need for application-specific adaptations. We exploit two publicly available datasets for the method development and the training, and we add four completely different datasets for evaluation of the trained neural network in three different test scenarios with varying practical relevance. Results show that RIANN performs at least as well as state-of-the-art attitude estimation filters and outperforms them in several cases, even if the filter is tuned on the very same test dataset itself while RIANN has never seen data from that dataset, from the specific application, the same sensor hardware, or the same sampling frequency before. RIANN is expected to enable plug-and-play solutions in numerous applications, especially when accuracy is crucial but no ground-truth data is available for tuning or when motion and disturbance characteristics are uncertain. We made RIANN publicly available.      
### 42.Fully Distributed Model Predictive Control of Connected Automated Vehicles in Intersections: Theory and Vehicle Experiments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07383.pdf)
>  We propose a fully distributed control system architecture, amenable to in-vehicle implementation, that aims to safely coordinate connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) in road intersections. For control purposes, we build upon a fully distributed model predictive control approach, in which the agents solve a nonconvex optimal control problem (OCP) locally and synchronously, and exchange their optimized trajectories via vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communication. To accommodate a fast solution of the nonconvex OCPs, we apply the penalty convex-concave procedure which aims to solve a convexified version of the original OCP. For experimental evaluation, we complement the predictive controller with a localization layer, being in charge of self-localization and the estimation of joint collision points with other agents. Moreover, we come up with a proprietary communication protocol to exchange trajectories with other agents. Experimental tests reveal the efficacy of proposed control system architecture.      
### 43.Enhanced LSTM-based Service Decomposition for Mobile Augmented Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07351.pdf)
>  Undoubtedly, Mobile Augmented Reality (MAR) applications for 5G and Beyond wireless networks are witnessing a notable attention recently. However, they require significant computational and storage resources at the end device and/or the network via Edge Cloud (EC) support. In this work, a MAR service is considered under the lenses of microservices where MAR service components can be decomposed and anchored at different locations ranging from the end device to different ECs in order to optimize the overall service and network efficiency. To this end, we propose a mobility aware MAR service decomposition using a Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) deep neural network to provide efficient pro-active decision making in real-time. More specifically, the LSTM deep neural network is trained with optimal solutions derived from a mathematical programming formulation in an offline manner. Then, decision making at the inference stage is used to optimize service decomposition of MAR services. A wide set of numerical investigations reveal that the mobility aware LSTM deep neural network manage to outperform recently proposed schemes in terms of both decision making quality as well as computational time.      
### 44.Microfluidic-based Bacterial Molecular Computing on a Chip  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07341.pdf)
>  Biocomputing systems based on engineered bacteria can lead to novel tools for environmental monitoring and detection of metabolic diseases. In this paper, we propose a Bacterial Molecular Computing on a Chip (BMCoC) using microfluidic and electrochemical sensing technologies. The computing can be flexibly integrated into the chip, but we focus on engineered bacterial AND Boolean logic gate and ON-OFF switch sensors that produces secondary signals to change the pH and dissolved oxygen concentrations. We present a prototype with experimental results that shows the electrochemical sensors can detect small pH and dissolved oxygen concentration changes created by the engineered bacterial populations' molecular signals. Additionally, we present a theoretical model analysis of the BMCoC computation reliability when subjected to unwanted effects, i.e., molecular signal delays and noise, and electrochemical sensors threshold settings that are based on either standard or blind detectors. Our numerical analysis found that the variations in the production delay and the molecular output signal concentration can impact on the computation reliability for the AND logic gate and ON-OFF switch. The molecular communications of synthetic engineered cells for logic gates integrated with sensing systems can lead to a new breed of biochips that can be used for numerous diagnostic applications.      
### 45.Continual Learning for Fake Audio Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07286.pdf)
>  Fake audio attack becomes a major threat to the speaker verification system. Although current detection approaches have achieved promising results on dataset-specific scenarios, they encounter difficulties on unseen spoofing data. Fine-tuning and retraining from scratch have been applied to incorporate new data. However, fine-tuning leads to performance degradation on previous data. Retraining takes a lot of time and computation resources. Besides, previous data are unavailable due to privacy in some situations. To solve the above problems, this paper proposes detecting fake without forgetting, a continual-learning-based method, to make the model learn new spoofing attacks incrementally. A knowledge distillation loss is introduced to loss function to preserve the memory of original model. Supposing the distribution of genuine voice is consistent among different scenarios, an extra embedding similarity loss is used as another constraint to further do a positive sample alignment. Experiments are conducted on the ASVspoof2019 dataset. The results show that our proposed method outperforms fine-tuning by the relative reduction of average equal error rate up to 81.62%.      
### 46.Integration of Pre-trained Networks with Continuous Token Interface for End-to-End Spoken Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07253.pdf)
>  Most End-to-End (E2E) SLU networks leverage the pre-trained ASR networks but still lack the capability to understand the semantics of utterances, crucial for the SLU task. To solve this, recently proposed studies use pre-trained NLU networks. However, it is not trivial to fully utilize both pre-trained networks; many solutions were proposed, such as Knowledge Distillation, cross-modal shared embedding, and network integration with Interface. We propose a simple and robust integration method for the E2E SLU network with novel Interface, Continuous Token Interface (CTI), the junctional representation of the ASR and NLU networks when both networks are pre-trained with the same vocabulary. Because the only difference is the noise level, we directly feed the ASR network's output to the NLU network. Thus, we can train our SLU network in an E2E manner without additional modules, such as Gumbel-Softmax. We evaluate our model using SLURP, a challenging SLU dataset and achieve state-of-the-art scores on both intent classification and slot filling tasks. We also verify the NLU network, pre-trained with Masked Language Model, can utilize a noisy textual representation of CTI. Moreover, we show our model can be trained with multi-task learning from heterogeneous data even after integration with CTI.      
### 47.An Improved Real-Time Face Recognition System at Low Resolution Based on Local Binary Pattern Histogram Algorithm and CLAHE  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07234.pdf)
>  This research presents an improved real-time face recognition system at a low resolution of 15 pixels with pose and emotion and resolution variations. We have designed our datasets named LRD200 and LRD100, which have been used for training and classification. The face detection part uses the Viola-Jones algorithm, and the face recognition part receives the face image from the face detection part to process it using the Local Binary Pattern Histogram (LBPH) algorithm with preprocessing using contrast limited adaptive histogram equalization (CLAHE) and face alignment. The face database in this system can be updated via our custom-built standalone android app and automatic restarting of the training and recognition process with an updated database. Using our proposed algorithm, a real-time face recognition accuracy of 78.40% at 15 px and 98.05% at 45 px have been achieved using the LRD200 database containing 200 images per person. With 100 images per person in the database (LRD100) the achieved accuracies are 60.60% at 15 px and 95% at 45 px respectively. A facial deflection of about 30 degrees on either side from the front face showed an average face recognition precision of 72.25% - 81.85%. This face recognition system can be employed for law enforcement purposes, where the surveillance camera captures a low-resolution image because of the distance of a person from the camera. It can also be used as a surveillance system in airports, bus stations, etc., to reduce the risk of possible criminal threats.      
### 48.State and Topology Estimation for Unobservable Distribution Systems using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07208.pdf)
>  Time-synchronized state estimation for reconfigurable distribution networks is challenging because of limited real-time observability. This paper addresses this challenge by formulating a deep learning (DL)-based approach for topology identification (TI) and unbalanced three-phase distribution system state estimation (DSSE). Two deep neural networks (DNNs) are trained to operate in a sequential manner for implementing DNN-based TI and DSSE for systems that are incompletely observed by synchrophasor measurement devices (SMDs). A data-driven approach for judicious measurement selection to facilitate reliable TI and DSSE is also provided. Robustness of the proposed methodology is demonstrated by considering realistic measurement error models for SMDs as well as presence of renewable energy. A comparative study of the DNN-based DSSE with classical linear state estimation (LSE) indicates that the DL-based approach gives better accuracy with a significantly smaller number of SMDs      
### 49.Synthetic aperture interference light (SAIL) microscopy for high-throughput label-free imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07169.pdf)
>  Quantitative phase imaging (QPI) is a valuable label-free modality that has gained significant interest due to its wide potentials, from basic biology to clinical applications. Most existing QPI systems measure microscopic objects via interferometry or nonlinear iterative phase reconstructions from intensity measurements. However, all imaging systems compromise spatial resolution for field of view and vice versa, i.e., suffer from a limited space bandwidth product. Current solutions to this problem involve computational phase retrieval algorithms, which are time-consuming and often suffer from convergence problems. In this article, we presented synthetic aperture interference light (SAIL) microscopy as a novel modality for high-resolution, wide field of view QPI. The proposed approach employs low-coherence interferometry to directly measure the optical phase delay under different illumination angles and produces large space-bandwidth product (SBP) label-free imaging. We validate the performance of SAIL on standard samples and illustrate the biomedical applications on various specimens: pathology slides, entire insects, and dynamic live cells in large cultures. The reconstructed images have a synthetic numeric aperture of 0.45, and a field of view of 2.6 x 2.6 mm2. Due to its direct measurement of the phase information, SAIL microscopy does not require long computational time, eliminates data redundancy, and always converges.      
### 50.On the Design of Deep Priors for Unsupervised Audio Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07161.pdf)
>  Unsupervised deep learning methods for solving audio restoration problems extensively rely on carefully tailored neural architectures that carry strong inductive biases for defining priors in the time or spectral domain. In this context, lot of recent success has been achieved with sophisticated convolutional network constructions that recover audio signals in the spectral domain. However, in practice, audio priors require careful engineering of the convolutional kernels to be effective at solving ill-posed restoration tasks, while also being easy to train. To this end, in this paper, we propose a new U-Net based prior that does not impact either the network complexity or convergence behavior of existing convolutional architectures, yet leads to significantly improved restoration. In particular, we advocate the use of carefully designed dilation schedules and dense connections in the U-Net architecture to obtain powerful audio priors. Using empirical studies on standard benchmarks and a variety of ill-posed restoration tasks, such as audio denoising, in-painting and source separation, we demonstrate that our proposed approach consistently outperforms widely adopted audio prior architectures.      
### 51.Adaptive Neuro-Fuzzy Control of a Spherical Rolling Robot Using Sliding-Mode-Control-Theory-Based Online Learning Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07160.pdf)
>  As a model is only an abstraction of the real system, unmodeled dynamics, parameter variations, and disturbances can result in poor performance of a conventional controller based on this model. In such cases, a conventional controller cannot remain well tuned. This paper presents the control of a spherical rolling robot by using an adaptive neuro-fuzzy controller in combination with a sliding-mode control (SMC)-theory-based learning algorithm. The proposed control structure consists of a neuro-fuzzy network and a conventional controller which is used to guarantee the asymptotic stability of the system in a compact space. The parameter updating rules of the neuro-fuzzy system using SMC theory are derived, and the stability of the learning is proven using a Lyapunov function. The simulation results show that the control scheme with the proposed SMC-theory-based learning algorithm is able to not only eliminate the steady-state error but also improve the transient response performance of the spherical rolling robot without knowing its dynamic equations.      
### 52.On the approximation of queue-length distributions in large-scale urban networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07129.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the analytical probabilistic modeling of vehicular traffic. It formulates a node model. It then formulates a network model by coupling the node model with the link model of Lu and Osorio (2018), which is a stochastic formulation of the traffic-theoretic link transmission model. The proposed network model is scalable and computationally efficient, making it suitable for large-scale network optimization. For a network with $r$ links, each of space capacity $\ell$, the model has a complexity of $\mathcal{O}(r\ell)$. The network model yields the marginal distribution of link states. The model is validated versus a simulation-based network implementation of the stochastic link transmission model. The validation experiments consider a set of small network with intricate traffic dynamics. For all scenarios, the proposed model accurately captures the traffic dynamics. The network model is used to address a signal control problem. The case study highlights the added value of using between-link (i.e., across-node) interaction information for traffic management.      
### 53.Audio feature ranking for sound-based COVID-19 patient detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07128.pdf)
>  Audio classification using breath and cough samples has recently emerged as a low-cost, non-invasive, and accessible COVID-19 screening method. However, no application has been approved for official use at the time of writing due to the stringent reliability and accuracy requirements of the critical healthcare setting. To support the development of the Machine Learning classification models, we performed an extensive comparative investigation and ranking of 15 audio features, including less well-known ones. The results were verified on two independent COVID-19 sound datasets. By using the identified top-performing features, we have increased the COVID-19 classification accuracy by up to 17% on the Cambridge dataset, and up to 10% on the Coswara dataset, compared to the original baseline accuracy without our feature ranking.      
### 54.Fast Walsh-Hadamard Transform and Smooth-Thresholding Based Binary Layers in Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2104.07085.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel layer based on fast Walsh-Hadamard transform (WHT) and smooth-thresholding to replace $1\times 1$ convolution layers in deep neural networks. In the WHT domain, we denoise the transform domain coefficients using the new smooth-thresholding non-linearity, a smoothed version of the well-known soft-thresholding operator. We also introduce a family of multiplication-free operators from the basic 2$\times$2 Hadamard transform to implement $3\times 3$ depthwise separable convolution layers. Using these two types of layers, we replace the bottleneck layers in MobileNet-V2 to reduce the network's number of parameters with a slight loss in accuracy. For example, by replacing the final third bottleneck layers, we reduce the number of parameters from 2.270M to 947K. This reduces the accuracy from 95.21\% to 92.88\% on the CIFAR-10 dataset. Our approach significantly improves the speed of data processing. The fast Walsh-Hadamard transform has a computational complexity of $O(m\log_2 m)$. As a result, it is computationally more efficient than the $1\times1$ convolution layer. The fast Walsh-Hadamard layer processes a tensor in $\mathbb{R}^{10\times32\times32\times1024}$ about 2 times faster than $1\times1$ convolution layer on NVIDIA Jetson Nano computer board.      
