# ArXiv eess --Mon, 18 Oct 2021
### 1.Neural Dubber: Dubbing for Silent Videos According to Scripts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08243.pdf)
>  Dubbing is a post-production process of re-recording actors' dialogues, which is extensively used in filmmaking and video production. It is usually performed manually by professional voice actors who read lines with proper prosody, and in synchronization with the pre-recorded videos. In this work, we propose Neural Dubber, the first neural network model to solve a novel automatic video dubbing (AVD) task: synthesizing human speech synchronized with the given silent video from the text. Neural Dubber is a multi-modal text-to-speech (TTS) model that utilizes the lip movement in the video to control the prosody of the generated speech. Furthermore, an image-based speaker embedding (ISE) module is developed for the multi-speaker setting, which enables Neural Dubber to generate speech with a reasonable timbre according to the speaker's face. Experiments on the chemistry lecture single-speaker dataset and LRS2 multi-speaker dataset show that Neural Dubber can generate speech audios on par with state-of-the-art TTS models in terms of speech quality. Most importantly, both qualitative and quantitative evaluations show that Neural Dubber can control the prosody of synthesized speech by the video, and generate high-fidelity speech temporally synchronized with the video.      
### 2.Anti-jamming beam alignment in millimeter-wave MIMO systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08134.pdf)
>  In millimeter-wave (MMW) multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) communications, users and their corresponding base station (BS) have to align their beam during both initial access and data transmissions to compensate for the high propagation loss. The beam alignment (BA) procedure specified for 5th Generation (5G) New Radio (NR) has been designed to be fast and precise in the presence of non-malicious interference and noise. A smart jammer might exploit this weakness and may launch an attack during the BA phase in order to degrade the accuracy of beam selection and, thus, adversely impacting the end-to-end performance and quality-of-service experienced by the users. In this paper, we study the effects of a jamming attack at MMW frequencies during the BA procedure used to perform initial access for idle users and adaptation/recovery for connected users. We show that the BA procedure adopted in 5G NR is extremely vulnerable to a smart jamming attack and, consequently, we propose a countermeasure based on the idea of randomized probing, which consists of randomly corrupting the probing sequence transmitted by the BS in order to reject the jamming signal at the UE via a subspace-based technique based on orthogonal projections and jamming cancellation. Numerical results corroborate our theoretical findings and show the very satisfactory accuracy of the proposed anti-jamming approach.      
### 3.An Artificial Neural Network-Based Model Predictive Control for Three-phase Flying Capacitor Multi-Level Inverter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08101.pdf)
>  Model predictive control (MPC) has been used widely in power electronics due to its simple concept, fast dynamic response, and good reference tracking. However, it suffers from parametric uncertainties, since it directly relies on the mathematical model of the system to predict the optimal switching states to be used at the next sampling time. As a result, uncertain parameters lead to an ill-designed MPC. Thus, this paper offers a model-free control strategy on the basis of artificial neural networks (ANNs), for mitigating the effects of parameter mismatching while having a little negative impact on the inverter's performance. This method includes two related stages. First, MPC is used as an expert to control the studied converter in order to provide the training data; while, in the second stage, the obtained dataset is utilized to train the proposed ANN which will be used directly to control the inverter without the requirement for the mathematical model of the system. The case study herein is based on a four-level three-cell flying capacitor inverter. In this study, MATLAB/Simulink is used to simulate the performance of the proposed control strategy, taking into account various operating conditions. Afterward, the simulation results are reported in comparison with the conventional MPC scheme, demonstrating the superior performance of the proposed control strategy in terms of getting low total harmonic distortion (THD) and the robustness against parameters mismatch, especially when changes occur in the system parameters.      
### 4.Prediction of Lung CT Scores of Systemic Sclerosis by Cascaded Regression Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08085.pdf)
>  Visually scoring lung involvement in systemic sclerosis from CT scans plays an important role in monitoring progression, but its labor intensiveness hinders practical application. We proposed, therefore, an automatic scoring framework that consists of two cascaded deep regression neural networks. The first (3D) network aims to predict the craniocaudal position of five anatomically defined scoring levels on the 3D CT scans. The second (2D) network receives the resulting 2D axial slices and predicts the scores. We used 227 3D CT scans to train and validate the first network, and the resulting 1135 axial slices were used in the second network. Two experts scored independently a subset of data to obtain intra- and interobserver variabilities and the ground truth for all data was obtained in consensus. To alleviate the unbalance in training labels in the second network, we introduced a sampling technique and to increase the diversity of the training samples synthetic data was generated, mimicking ground glass and reticulation patterns. The 4-fold cross validation showed that our proposed network achieved an average MAE of 5.90, 4.66 and 4.49, weighted kappa of 0.66, 0.58 and 0.65 for total score (TOT), ground glass (GG) and reticular pattern (RET), respectively. Our network performed slightly worse than the best experts on TOT and GG prediction but it has competitive performance on RET prediction and has the potential to be an objective alternative for the visual scoring of SSc in CT thorax studies.      
### 5.Multi-modal Aggregation Network for Fast MR Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08080.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance (MR) imaging is a commonly used scanning technique for disease detection, diagnosis and treatment monitoring. Although it is able to produce detailed images of organs and tissues with better contrast, it suffers from a long acquisition time, which makes the image quality vulnerable to say motion artifacts. Recently, many approaches have been developed to reconstruct full-sampled images from partially observed measurements in order to accelerate MR imaging. However, most of these efforts focus on reconstruction over a single modality or simple fusion of multiple modalities, neglecting the discovery of correlation knowledge at different feature level. In this work, we propose a novel Multi-modal Aggregation Network, named MANet, which is capable of discovering complementary representations from a fully sampled auxiliary modality, with which to hierarchically guide the reconstruction of a given target modality. In our MANet, the representations from the fully sampled auxiliary and undersampled target modalities are learned independently through a specific network. Then, a guided attention module is introduced in each convolutional stage to selectively aggregate multi-modal features for better reconstruction, yielding comprehensive, multi-scale, multi-modal feature fusion. Moreover, our MANet follows a hybrid domain learning framework, which allows it to simultaneously recover the frequency signal in the $k$-space domain as well as restore the image details from the image domain. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of the proposed approach over state-of-the-art MR image reconstruction methods.      
### 6.Formation control of a leader-follower structure in three dimensional space using bearing measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08054.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of bearing leader-follower formation control in three-dimensional space by exploring the persistence of excitation (PE) of the desired formation. Using only bearing and relative velocity measurements, distributed control laws are derived for a group of agents with double-integrator dynamics. The key contribution is that the exponential stabilization of the actual formation to the desired one in terms of both shape and scale is guaranteed as long as the PE conditions on the desired formation are satisfied. The approach generalizes stability results provided in prior work for leader-first follower (LFF) structures which are based on bearing rigidity and constraint consistency to ensure the exponential stabilization of the actual formation to a desired static geometric pattern up to a scale factor. Simulations results are provided to illustrate the performance of the proposed control method.      
### 7.Multi-Layer Pseudo-Supervision for Histopathology Tissue Semantic Segmentation using Patch-level Classification Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08048.pdf)
>  Tissue-level semantic segmentation is a vital step in computational pathology. Fully-supervised models have already achieved outstanding performance with dense pixel-level annotations. However, drawing such labels on the giga-pixel whole slide images is extremely expensive and time-consuming. In this paper, we use only patch-level classification labels to achieve tissue semantic segmentation on histopathology images, finally reducing the annotation efforts. We proposed a two-step model including a classification and a segmentation phases. In the classification phase, we proposed a CAM-based model to generate pseudo masks by patch-level labels. In the segmentation phase, we achieved tissue semantic segmentation by our proposed Multi-Layer Pseudo-Supervision. Several technical novelties have been proposed to reduce the information gap between pixel-level and patch-level annotations. As a part of this paper, we introduced a new weakly-supervised semantic segmentation (WSSS) dataset for lung adenocarcinoma (LUAD-HistoSeg). We conducted several experiments to evaluate our proposed model on two datasets. Our proposed model outperforms two state-of-the-art WSSS approaches. Note that we can achieve comparable quantitative and qualitative results with the fully-supervised model, with only around a 2\% gap for MIoU and FwIoU. By comparing with manual labeling, our model can greatly save the annotation time from hours to minutes. The source code is available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ChuHan89/WSSS-Tissue" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 8.Multi-layer Space Information Networks: Access Design and Softwarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08031.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an approach for constructing a multi-layer multi-orbit space information network (SIN) to provide high-speed continuous broadband connectivity for space missions (nanosatellite terminals) from the emerging space-based Internet providers. This notion has been motivated by the rapid developments in satellite technologies in terms of satellite miniaturization and reusable rocket launch, as well as the increased number of nanosatellite constellations in lower orbits for space downstream applications, such as earth observation, remote sensing, and Internet of Things (IoT) data collection. Specifically, space-based Internet providers, such as Starlink, OneWeb, and SES O3b, can be utilized for broadband connectivity directly to/from the nanosatellites, which allows a larger degree of connectivity in space network topologies. Besides, this kind of establishment is more economically efficient and eliminates the need for an excessive number of ground stations while achieving real-time and reliable space communications. This objective necessitates developing suitable radio access schemes and efficient scalable space backhauling using inter-satellite links (ISLs) and inter-orbit links (IOLs). Particularly, service-oriented radio access methods in addition to software-defined networking (SDN)-based architecture employing optimal routing mechanisms over multiple ISLs and IOLs are the most essential enablers for this novel concept. Thus, developing this symbiotic interaction between versatile satellite nodes across different orbits will lead to a breakthrough in the way that future downstream space missions and satellite networks are designed and operated.      
### 9.Reachability-based Control Synthesis under Signal Temporal Logic Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08019.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the controller design problem for linear disturbed systems under signal temporal logic (STL) specifications imposing both spatial and temporal constraints on system behavior. We first implement zonotope-based techniques to partition the state space into finite cells, then propose an evaluation mechanism to rearrange the time constraints of the STL specification, and finally decompose the global STL formula into finite local STL formulas. In this way, each cell has a local control design problem, which is further formulated into a local optimization problem. To deal with each local optimization problem, we take advantage of the properties of zonotopes and reachability analysis to design local controller consisting of feedforward and feedback parts. By solving all local optimization problems, all local controllers are combined to guarantee the global STL specification. Finally, a numerical example is presented to illustrate the derived results.      
### 10.BayesAoA: A Bayesian method for Computation Efficient Angle of Arrival Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07992.pdf)
>  The angle of Arrival (AoA) estimation is of great interest in modern communication systems. Traditional maximum likelihood-based iterative algorithms are sensitive to initialization and cannot be used online. We propose a Bayesian method to find AoA that is insensitive towards initialization. The proposed method is less complex and needs fewer computing resources than traditional deep learning-based methods. It has a faster convergence than the brute-force methods. Further, a Hedge type solution is proposed that helps to deploy the method online to handle the situations where the channel noise and antenna configuration in the receiver change over time. The proposed method achieves $92\%$ accuracy in a channel of noise variance $10^{-6}$ with $19.3\%$ of the brute-force method's computation.      
### 11.Don't speak too fast: The impact of data bias on self-supervised speech models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07957.pdf)
>  Self-supervised Speech Models (S3Ms) have been proven successful in many speech downstream tasks, like ASR. However, how pre-training data affects S3Ms' downstream behavior remains an unexplored issue. In this paper, we study how pre-training data affects S3Ms by pre-training models on biased datasets targeting different factors of speech, including gender, content, and prosody, and evaluate these pre-trained S3Ms on selected downstream tasks in SUPERB Benchmark. Our experiments show that S3Ms have tolerance toward gender bias. Moreover, we find that the content of speech has little impact on the performance of S3Ms across downstream tasks, but S3Ms do show a preference toward a slower speech rate.      
### 12.Grant-Free Random Access in Massive MIMO for Static Low-Power IoT Nodes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07927.pdf)
>  Massive MIMO is a promising technology to enable a massive number of Internet of Things nodes to transmit short and sporadic data bursts at low power. In conventional cellular networks, devices use a grant-based random access scheme to initiate communications. This scheme relies on a limited set of orthogonal preambles, which simplify signal processing operations at network access points. However, it is not well suited for Internet of Things (IoT) devices due to: (i) the large protocol overhead, and (ii) the high probability of collision. In contrast to the grant-based scheme, a grant-free approach uses user-specific preambles and has a small overhead, at the expense of more complexity at access points. In this work, a grant-free method is proposed, applicable for both co-located and cell-free deployments. The method has a closed form solution, which results in a significantly low complexity with respect to the state-of-the art. The algorithm exploits the static nature of IoT devices through the use of prior channel state information. With a power budget of 1 mW, 64 antennas are sufficient to support 1000 nodes with 200 simultaneous access requests with a probability of false alarm and miss detection below 10-6 and 10-4, respectively.      
### 13.Combining CNNs With Transformer for Multimodal 3D MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation With Self-Supervised Pretraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07919.pdf)
>  We apply an ensemble of modified TransBTS, nnU-Net, and a combination of both for the segmentation task of the BraTS 2021 challenge. In fact, we change the original architecture of the TransBTS model by adding Squeeze-and-Excitation blocks, an increasing number of CNN layers, replacing positional encoding in Transformer block with a learnable Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) embeddings, which makes Transformer adjustable to any input size during inference. With these modifications, we are able to largely improve TransBTS performance. Inspired by a nnU-Net framework we decided to combine it with our modified TransBTS by changing the architecture inside nnU-Net to our custom model. On the Validation set of BraTS 2021, the ensemble of these approaches achieves 0.8496, 0.8698, 0.9256 Dice score and 15.72, 11.057, 3.374 HD95 for enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, correspondingly. Our code is publicly available.      
### 14.A Machine Learning Approach for Delineating Similar Sound Symptoms of Respiratory Conditions on a Smartphone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07895.pdf)
>  Clinical characterization and interpretation of respiratory sound symptoms have remained a challenge due to the similarities in the audio properties that manifest during auscultation in medical diagnosis. The misinterpretation and conflation of these sounds coupled with the comorbidity cases of the associated ailments particularly, exercised-induced respiratory conditions; result in the under-diagnosis and under-treatment of the conditions. Though several studies have proposed computerized systems for objective classification and evaluation of these sounds, most of the algorithms run on desktop and backend systems. In this study, we leverage the improved computational and storage capabilities of modern smartphones to distinguish the respiratory sound symptoms using machine learning algorithms namely: Random Forest (RF), Support Vector Machine (SVM), and k-Nearest Neighbour (k-NN). The appreciable performance of these classifiers on a mobile phone shows smartphone as an alternate tool for recognition and discrimination of respiratory symptoms in real-time scenarios. Further, the objective clinical data provided by the machine learning process could aid physicians in the screening and treatment of a patient during ambulatory care where specialized medical devices may not be readily available.      
### 15.Variance reduction in stochastic methods for large-scale regularised least-squares problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07894.pdf)
>  Large dimensional least-squares and regularised least-squares problems are expensive to solve. There exist many approximate techniques, some deterministic (like conjugate gradient), some stochastic (like stochastic gradient descent). Among the latter, a new class of techniques uses Determinantal Point Processes (DPPs) to produce unbiased estimators of the solution. In particular, they can be used to perform Tikhonov regularization on graphs using random spanning forests, a specific DPP. While the unbiasedness of these algorithms is attractive, their variance can be high. We show here that variance can be reduced by combining the stochastic estimator with a deterministic gradient-descent step, while keeping the property of unbiasedness. We apply this technique to Tikhonov regularization on graphs, where the reduction in variance is found to be substantial at very small extra cost.      
### 16.Z3RO Precoder Canceling Nonlinear Power Amplifier Distortion in Large Array Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07891.pdf)
>  Large array-based transmission uses the combination of a massive number of antenna elements and clever precoder designs to achieve array gain and spatially multiplex different users. These precoders require linear front-ends, and more specifically linear power amplifiers (PAs). However, this reduces energy efficiency since PAs are most efficient close to saturation, where they generate most nonlinear distortion. Moreover, the use of conventional precoders, such as \gls{mrt}, induces a coherent combining of distortion at the user location, degrading the signal quality. In this work, a linear precoder is proposed that allows working close to saturation while canceling the coherent combining of the third order nonlinear \gls{pa} distortion at the user location. In contrast to other solutions, the zero third-order distortion (Z3RO) precoder does not require prior knowledge of the signal statistics and the PA model. The design consists of saturating a single or a few antennas on purpose together with an opposite phase shift to compensate for the distortion of all other antennas. The resulting array gain penalty becomes negligible as the number of base station antennas grows large.      
### 17.Single volume lung biomechanics from chest computed tomography using a mode preserving generative adversarial network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07878.pdf)
>  Local tissue expansion of the lungs is typically derived by registering computed tomography (CT) scans acquired at multiple lung volumes. However, acquiring multiple scans incurs increased radiation dose, time, and cost, and may not be possible in many cases, thus restricting the applicability of registration-based biomechanics. We propose a generative adversarial learning approach for estimating local tissue expansion directly from a single CT scan. The proposed framework was trained and evaluated on 2500 subjects from the SPIROMICS cohort. Once trained, the framework can be used as a registration-free method for predicting local tissue expansion. We evaluated model performance across varying degrees of disease severity and compared its performance with two image-to-image translation frameworks - UNet and Pix2Pix. Our model achieved an overall PSNR of 18.95 decibels, SSIM of 0.840, and Spearman's correlation of 0.61 at a high spatial resolution of 1 mm3.      
### 18.Linear Channel Estimation Based on a Low-Bandwidth Observation Channel with Unknown Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07776.pdf)
>  We propose a novel system identification technique, based on a least-mean square algorithm, allowing for the estimation of a linear channel by using an unknown-response measurement channel. The key of the technique is a memoryless nonlinear function working as uncoupling block between the estimated and observation channels, conforming a Wiener-Hammerstein scheme. We prove that this estimation, only differing from the actual channel response by a scaling factor and a temporal shift, does not depend on the observation channel bandwidth. As a consequence, this technique enables the usage of low-cost measurement devices as feedback channel. We present numerical examples of the method, supporting the proposal and displaying excellent results.      
### 19.Application of Homomorphic Encryption in Medical Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07768.pdf)
>  In this technical report, we explore the use of homomorphic encryption (HE) in the context of training and predicting with deep learning (DL) models to deliver strict \textit{Privacy by Design} services, and to enforce a zero-trust model of data governance. First, we show how HE can be used to make predictions over medical images while preventing unauthorized secondary use of data, and detail our results on a disease classification task with OCT images. Then, we demonstrate that HE can be used to secure the training of DL models through federated learning, and report some experiments using 3D chest CT-Scans for a nodule detection task.      
### 20.Multi-Stage Sparse Resource Allocation for Control of Spreading Processes over Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07755.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a method for sparse dynamic allocation of resources to bound the risk of spreading processes, such as epidemics and wildfires, using convex optimization and dynamic programming techniques. Here, risk is defined as the risk of an outbreak, i.e. the product of the probability of an outbreak occurring over a time interval and the future impact of that outbreak, and we can allocate budgeted resources each time step to bound or minimize the risk. Our method in particular provides sparsity of resources, which is important due to the large network structures involved with spreading processes and has advantages when resources can not be distributed widely.      
### 21.A deep learning model for classification of diabetic retinopathy in eye fundus images based on retinal lesion detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07745.pdf)
>  Diabetic retinopathy (DR) is the result of a complication of diabetes affecting the retina. It can cause blindness, if left undiagnosed and untreated. An ophthalmologist performs the diagnosis by screening each patient and analyzing the retinal lesions via ocular imaging. In practice, such analysis is time-consuming and cumbersome to perform. This paper presents a model for automatic DR classification on eye fundus images. The approach identifies the main ocular lesions related to DR and subsequently diagnoses the illness. The proposed method follows the same workflow as the clinicians, providing information that can be interpreted clinically to support the prediction. A subset of the kaggle EyePACS and the Messidor-2 datasets, labeled with ocular lesions, is made publicly available. The kaggle EyePACS subset is used as a training set and the Messidor-2 as a test set for lesions and DR classification models. For DR diagnosis, our model has an area-under-the-curve, sensitivity, and specificity of 0.948, 0.886, and 0.875, respectively, which competes with state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 22.Gray Matter Segmentation in Ultra High Resolution 7 Tesla ex vivo T2w MRI of Human Brain Hemispheres  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07711.pdf)
>  Ex vivo MRI of the brain provides remarkable advantages over in vivo MRI for visualizing and characterizing detailed neuroanatomy. However, automated cortical segmentation methods in ex vivo MRI are not well developed, primarily due to limited availability of labeled datasets, and heterogeneity in scanner hardware and acquisition protocols. In this work, we present a high resolution 7 Tesla dataset of 32 ex vivo human brain specimens. We benchmark the cortical mantle segmentation performance of nine neural network architectures, trained and evaluated using manually-segmented 3D patches sampled from specific cortical regions, and show excellent generalizing capabilities across whole brain hemispheres in different specimens, and also on unseen images acquired at different magnetic field strength and imaging sequences. Finally, we provide cortical thickness measurements across key regions in 3D ex vivo human brain images. Our code and processed datasets are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Pulkit-Khandelwal/picsl-ex-vivo-segmentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.A Two-layer Approach for Estimating Behind-the-Meter PV Generation Using Smart Meter Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07697.pdf)
>  As the cost of the residential solar system decreases, rooftop photovoltaic (PV) has been widely integrated into distribution systems. Most rooftop PV systems are installed behind-the-meter (BTM), i.e., only the net demand is metered, while the native demand and PV generation are not separately recorded. Under this condition, the PV generation and native demand are invisible to utilities, which brings challenges for optimal distribution system operation and expansion. In this paper, we have come up with a novel two-layer approach to disaggregate the unknown PV generation and native demand from the known hourly net demand data recorded by smart meters: 1) At the aggregate level, the proposed approach separates the total PV generation and native demand time series from the total net demand time series for customers with PVs. 2) At the customer level, the separated aggregate-level PV generation is allocated to individual PVs. These two layers leverage the spatial correlations of native demand and PV generation, respectively. One primary advantage of our proposed approach is that it is more independent and practical compared to previous works because it does not require PV array parameters, meteorological data and previously recorded solar power exemplars. We have verified our proposed approach using real native demand and PV generation data.      
### 24.Federated learning and next generation wireless communications: A survey on bidirectional relationship  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07649.pdf)
>  In order to meet the extremely heterogeneous requirements of the next generation wireless communication networks, research community is increasingly dependent on using machine learning solutions for real-time decision-making and radio resource management. Traditional machine learning employs fully centralized architecture in which the entire training data is collected at one node e.g., cloud server, that significantly increases the communication overheads and also raises severe privacy concerns. Towards this end, a distributed machine learning paradigm termed as Federated learning (FL) has been proposed recently. In FL, each participating edge device trains its local model by using its own training data. Then, via the wireless channels the weights or parameters of the locally trained models are sent to the central PS, that aggregates them and updates the global model. On one hand, FL plays an important role for optimizing the resources of wireless communication networks, on the other hand, wireless communications is crucial for FL. Thus, a `bidirectional' relationship exists between FL and wireless communications. Although FL is an emerging concept, many publications have already been published in the domain of FL and its applications for next generation wireless networks. Nevertheless, we noticed that none of the works have highlighted the bidirectional relationship between FL and wireless communications. Therefore, the purpose of this survey paper is to bridge this gap in literature by providing a timely and comprehensive discussion on the interdependency between FL and wireless communications.      
### 25.Non-contact Atrial Fibrillation Detection from Face Videos by Learning Systolic Peaks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07610.pdf)
>  Objective: We propose a non-contact approach for atrial fibrillation (AF) detection from face videos. Methods: Face videos, electrocardiography (ECG), and contact photoplethysmography (PPG) from 100 healthy subjects and 100 AF patients are recorded. All the videos in the healthy group are labeled as healthy. Videos in the patient group are labeled as AF, sinus rhythm (SR), or atrial flutter (AFL) by cardiologists. We use the 3D convolutional neural network for remote PPG measurement and propose a novel loss function (Wasserstein distance) to use the timing of systolic peaks from contact PPG as the label for our model training. Then a set of heart rate variability (HRV) features are calculated from the inter-beat intervals, and a support vector machine (SVM) classifier is trained with HRV features. Results: Our proposed method can accurately extract systolic peaks from face videos for AF detection. The proposed method is trained with subject-independent 10-fold cross-validation with 30s video clips and tested on two tasks. 1) Classification of healthy versus AF: the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity are 96.16%, 95.71%, and 96.23%. 2) Classification of SR versus AF: the accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity are 95.31%, 98.66%, and 91.11%. Conclusion: We achieve good performance of non-contact AF detection by learning systolic peaks. Significance: non-contact AF detection can be used for self-screening of AF symptom for suspectable populations at home, or self-monitoring of AF recurrence after treatment for the chronical patients.      
### 26.Direct simultaneous speech to speech translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08250.pdf)
>  We present the first direct simultaneous speech-to-speech translation (Simul-S2ST) model, with the ability to start generating translation in the target speech before consuming the full source speech content and independently from intermediate text representations. Our approach leverages recent progress on direct speech-to-speech translation with discrete units. Instead of continuous spectrogram features, a sequence of direct representations, which are learned in a unsupervised manner, are predicted from the model and passed directly to a vocoder for speech synthesis. The simultaneous policy then operates on source speech features and target discrete units. Finally, a vocoder synthesize the target speech from discrete units on-the-fly. We carry out numerical studies to compare cascaded and direct approach on Fisher Spanish-English dataset.      
### 27.Incremental Speech Synthesis For Speech-To-Speech Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08214.pdf)
>  In a speech-to-speech translation (S2ST) pipeline, the text-to-speech (TTS) module is an important component for delivering the translated speech to users. To enable incremental S2ST, the TTS module must be capable of synthesizing and playing utterances while its input text is still streaming in. In this work, we focus on improving the incremental synthesis performance of TTS models. With a simple data augmentation strategy based on prefixes, we are able to improve the incremental TTS quality to approach offline performance. Furthermore, we bring our incremental TTS system to the practical scenario in combination with an upstream simultaneous speech translation system, and show the gains also carry over to this use-case. In addition, we propose latency metrics tailored to S2ST applications, and investigate methods for latency reduction in this context.      
### 28.Towards Identity Preserving Normal to Dysarthric Voice Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08213.pdf)
>  We present a voice conversion framework that converts normal speech into dysarthric speech while preserving the speaker identity. Such a framework is essential for (1) clinical decision making processes and alleviation of patient stress, (2) data augmentation for dysarthric speech recognition. This is an especially challenging task since the converted samples should capture the severity of dysarthric speech while being highly natural and possessing the speaker identity of the normal speaker. To this end, we adopted a two-stage framework, which consists of a sequence-to-sequence model and a nonparallel frame-wise model. Objective and subjective evaluations were conducted on the UASpeech dataset, and results showed that the method was able to yield reasonable naturalness and capture severity aspects of the pathological speech. On the other hand, the similarity to the normal source speaker's voice was limited and requires further improvements.      
### 29.Distributed Resource Allocation Optimization for User-Centric Cell-Free MIMO Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08154.pdf)
>  We develop two distributed downlink resource allocation algorithms for user-centric, cell-free, spatially-distributed, multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) networks. In such networks, each user is served by a subset of nearby transmitters that we call distributed units or DUs. The operation of the DUs in a region is controlled by a central unit (CU). Our first scheme is implemented at the DUs, while the second is implemented at the CUs controlling these DUs. We define a hybrid quality of service metric that enables distributed optimization of system resources in a proportional fair manner. Specifically, each of our algorithms performs user scheduling, beamforming, and power control while accounting for channel estimation errors. Importantly, our algorithm does not require information exchange amongst DUs (CUs) for the DU-distributed (CU-distributed) system, while also smoothly converging. Our results show that our CU-distributed system provides 1.3- to 1.8-fold network throughput compared to the DU-distributed system, with minor increases in complexity and front-haul load - and substantial gains over benchmark schemes like local zero-forcing. We also analyze the trade-offs provided by the CU-distributed system, hence highlighting the significance of deploying multiple CUs in user-centric cell-free networks.      
### 30.Data-driven Heuristics for DC optimal transmission switching problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08141.pdf)
>  The goal of Optimal Transmission Switching (OTS) problem for power systems is to identify a topology of the power grid that minimizes the cost of the system operation while satisfying the operational and physical constraints. Among the most popular methods to solve OTS is to construct approximation via integer linear programming formulations, which often come with big-M inequalities. These big-M inequalities increase, considerably, the difficulty of solving the resulting formulations. Moreover, choosing big-M values optimally is as hard as solving OTS itself. In this paper, we devise two data-driven big-M bound strengthening methods which take network structure, power demands and generation costs into account. We illustrate the robustness of our methods to load changes and impressive runtime improvements of mixed-integer solvers achieved by our methods with extensive experiments on benchmark instances. The speedup by one of the proposed methods is almost 13 times with respect to the exact method.      
### 31.Analyzing the performance of distributed conflict resolution among autonomous vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08127.pdf)
>  This paper presents a study on how cooperation versus non-cooperation, and centralization versus distribution impact the performance of a traffic game of autonomous vehicles. A model using a particle-based, Lagrange representation, is developed, instead of a Eulerian, flow-based one, usual in routing problems of the game-theoretical approach. This choice allows representation of phenomena such as fuel exhaustion, vehicle collision, and wave propagation. The elements necessary to represent interactions in a multi-agent transportation system are defined, including a distributed, priority-based resource allocation protocol, where resources are nodes and links in a spatial network and individual routing strategies are performed. A fuel consumption dynamics is developed in order to account for energy cost and vehicles having limited range. The analysis shows that only the scenarios with cooperative resource allocation can achieve optimal values of either collective cost or equity coefficient, corresponding respectively to the centralized and to the distributed cases.      
### 32.Dual-Arm Adversarial Robot Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08066.pdf)
>  Robot learning is a very promising topic for the future of automation and machine intelligence. Future robots should be able to autonomously acquire skills, learn to represent their environment, and interact with it. While these topics have been explored in simulation, real-world robot learning research seems to be still limited. This is due to the additional challenges encountered in the real-world, such as noisy sensors and actuators, safe exploration, non-stationary dynamics, autonomous environment resetting as well as the cost of running experiments for long periods of time. Unless we develop scalable solutions to these problems, learning complex tasks involving hand-eye coordination and rich contacts will remain an untouched vision that is only feasible in controlled lab environments. We propose dual-arm settings as platforms for robot learning. Such settings enable safe data collection for acquiring manipulation skills as well as training perception modules in a robot-supervised manner. They also ease the processes of resetting the environment. Furthermore, adversarial learning could potentially boost the generalization capability of robot learning methods by maximizing the exploration based on game-theoretic objectives while ensuring safety based on collaborative task spaces. In this paper, we will discuss the potential benefits of this setup as well as the challenges and research directions that can be pursued.      
### 33.Cooperative Localization in Massive Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08062.pdf)
>  Network localization is capable of providing accurate and ubiquitous position information for numerous wireless applications. This paper studies the accuracy of cooperative network localization in large-scale wireless networks. Based on a decomposition of the equivalent Fisher information matrix (EFIM), we develop a random-walk-inspired approach for the analysis of EFIM, and propose a position information routing interpretation of cooperative network localization. Using this approach, we show that in large lattice and stochastic geometric networks, when anchors are uniformly distributed, the average localization error of agents grows logarithmically with the reciprocal of anchor density in an asymptotic regime. The results are further illustrated using numerical examples.      
### 34.Compressive Independent Component Analysis: Theory and Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.08045.pdf)
>  Compressive learning forms the exciting intersection between compressed sensing and statistical learning where one exploits forms of sparsity and structure to reduce the memory and/or computational complexity of the learning task. In this paper, we look at the independent component analysis (ICA) model through the compressive learning lens. In particular, we show that solutions to the cumulant based ICA model have particular structure that induces a low dimensional model set that resides in the cumulant tensor space. By showing a restricted isometry property holds for random cumulants e.g. Gaussian ensembles, we prove the existence of a compressive ICA scheme. Thereafter, we propose two algorithms of the form of an iterative projection gradient (IPG) and an alternating steepest descent (ASD) algorithm for compressive ICA, where the order of compression asserted from the restricted isometry property is realised through empirical results. We provide analysis of the CICA algorithms including the effects of finite samples. The effects of compression are characterised by a trade-off between the sketch size and the statistical efficiency of the ICA estimates. By considering synthetic and real datasets, we show the substantial memory gains achieved over well-known ICA algorithms by using one of the proposed CICA algorithms. Finally, we conclude the paper with open problems including interesting challenges from the emerging field of compressive learning.      
### 35.On-Policy Model Errors in Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07985.pdf)
>  Model-free reinforcement learning algorithms can compute policy gradients given sampled environment transitions, but require large amounts of data. In contrast, model-based methods can use the learned model to generate new data, but model errors and bias can render learning unstable or sub-optimal. In this paper, we present a novel method that combines real world data and a learned model in order to get the best of both worlds. The core idea is to exploit the real world data for on-policy predictions and use the learned model only to generalize to different actions. Specifically, we use the data as time-dependent on-policy correction terms on top of a learned model, to retain the ability to generate data without accumulating errors over long prediction horizons. We motivate this method theoretically and show that it counteracts an error term for model-based policy improvement. Experiments on MuJoCo- and PyBullet-benchmarks show that our method can drastically improve existing model-based approaches without introducing additional tuning parameters.      
### 36.Scribosermo: Fast Speech-to-Text models for German and other Languages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07982.pdf)
>  Recent Speech-to-Text models often require a large amount of hardware resources and are mostly trained in English. This paper presents Speech-to-Text models for German, as well as for Spanish and French with special features: (a) They are small and run in real-time on microcontrollers like a RaspberryPi. (b) Using a pretrained English model, they can be trained on consumer-grade hardware with a relatively small dataset. (c) The models are competitive with other solutions and outperform them in German. In this respect, the models combine advantages of other approaches, which only include a subset of the presented features. Furthermore, the paper provides a new library for handling datasets, which is focused on easy extension with additional datasets and shows an optimized way for transfer-learning new languages using a pretrained model from another language with a similar alphabet.      
### 37.Multilingual Speech Recognition using Knowledge Transfer across Learning Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07909.pdf)
>  Multilingual end-to-end(E2E) models have shown a great potential in the expansion of the language coverage in the realm of automatic speech recognition(ASR). In this paper, we aim to enhance the multilingual ASR performance in two ways, 1)studying the impact of feeding a one-hot vector identifying the language, 2)formulating the task with a meta-learning objective combined with self-supervised learning (SSL). We associate every language with a distinct task manifold and attempt to improve the performance by transferring knowledge across learning processes itself as compared to transferring through final model parameters. We employ this strategy on a dataset comprising of 6 languages for an in-domain ASR task, by minimizing an objective related to expected gradient path length. Experimental results reveal the best pre-training strategy resulting in 3.55% relative reduction in overall WER. A combination of LEAP and SSL yields 3.51% relative reduction in overall WER when using language ID.      
### 38.Certainty Modeling of a Decision Support System for Mobile Monitoring of Exercise induced Respiratory Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07898.pdf)
>  Mobile health systems in recent times, have notably improved the healthcare sector by empowering patients to actively participate in their health, and by facilitating access to healthcare professionals. Effective operation of these mobile systems nonetheless, requires high level of intelligence and expertise implemented in the form of decision support systems (DSS). However, common challenges in the implementation include generalization and reliability, due to the dynamics and incompleteness of information presented to the inference models. In this paper, we advance the use of ad hoc mobile decision support system to monitor and detect triggers and early symptoms of respiratory distress provoked by strenuous physical exertion. The focus is on the application of certainty theory to model inexact reasoning by the mobile monitoring system. The aim is to develop a mobile tool to assist patients in managing their conditions, and to provide objective clinical data to aid physicians in the screening, diagnosis, and treatment of the respiratory ailments. We present the proposed model architecture and then describe an application scenario in a clinical setting. We also show implementation of an aspect of the system that enables patients in the self-management of their conditions.      
### 39.Distributed Reconstruction Algorithm for Electron Tomography with Multiple-scattering Samples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07857.pdf)
>  Three-dimensional electron tomography is used to understand the structure and properties of samples in chemistry, materials science, geoscience, and biology. With the recent development of high-resolution detectors and algorithms that can account for multiple-scattering events, thicker samples can be examined at finer resolution, resulting in larger reconstruction volumes than previously possible. In this work, we propose a distributed computing framework that reconstructs large volumes by decomposing a projected tilt-series into smaller datasets such that sub-volumes can be simultaneously reconstructed on separate compute nodes using a cluster. We demonstrate our method by reconstructing a multiple-scattering layered clay (montmorillonite) sample at high resolution from a large field-of-view tilt-series phase contrast transmission electron microscopty dataset.      
### 40.ESPnet2-TTS: Extending the Edge of TTS Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07840.pdf)
>  This paper describes ESPnet2-TTS, an end-to-end text-to-speech (E2E-TTS) toolkit. ESPnet2-TTS extends our earlier version, ESPnet-TTS, by adding many new features, including: on-the-fly flexible pre-processing, joint training with neural vocoders, and state-of-the-art TTS models with extensions like full-band E2E text-to-waveform modeling, which simplify the training pipeline and further enhance TTS performance. The unified design of our recipes enables users to quickly reproduce state-of-the-art E2E-TTS results. We also provide many pre-trained models in a unified Python interface for inference, offering a quick means for users to generate baseline samples and build demos. Experimental evaluations with English and Japanese corpora demonstrate that our provided models synthesize utterances comparable to ground-truth ones, achieving state-of-the-art TTS performance. The toolkit is available online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/espnet/espnet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.Gait-based Frailty Assessment using Image Representation of IMU Signals and Deep CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07821.pdf)
>  Frailty is a common and critical condition in elderly adults, which may lead to further deterioration of health. However, difficulties and complexities exist in traditional frailty assessments based on activity-related questionnaires. These can be overcome by monitoring the effects of frailty on the gait. In this paper, it is shown that by encoding gait signals as images, deep learning-based models can be utilized for the classification of gait type. Two deep learning models (a) SS-CNN, based on single stride input images, and (b) MS-CNN, based on 3 consecutive strides were proposed. It was shown that MS-CNN performs best with an accuracy of 85.1\%, while SS-CNN achieved an accuracy of 77.3\%. This is because MS-CNN can observe more features corresponding to stride-to-stride variations which is one of the key symptoms of frailty. Gait signals were encoded as images using STFT, CWT, and GAF. While the MS-CNN model using GAF images achieved the best overall accuracy and precision, CWT has a slightly better recall. This study demonstrates how image encoded gait data can be used to exploit the full potential of deep learning CNN models for the assessment of frailty.      
### 42.Learning the Koopman Eigendecomposition: A Diffeomorphic Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07786.pdf)
>  We present a novel data-driven approach for learning linear representations of a class of stable nonlinear systems using Koopman eigenfunctions. By learning the conjugacy map between a nonlinear system and its Jacobian linearization through a Normalizing Flow one can guarantee the learned function is a diffeomorphism. Using this diffeomorphism, we construct eigenfunctions of the nonlinear system via the spectral equivalence of conjugate systems - allowing the construction of linear predictors for nonlinear systems. The universality of the diffeomorphism learner leads to the universal approximation of the nonlinear system's Koopman eigenfunctions. The developed method is also safe as it guarantees the model is asymptotically stable regardless of the representation accuracy. To our best knowledge, this is the first work to close the gap between the operator, system and learning theories. The efficacy of our approach is shown through simulation examples.      
### 43.Attention-Free Keyword Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07749.pdf)
>  Till now, attention-based models have been used with great success in the keyword spotting problem domain. However, in light of recent advances in deep learning, the question arises whether self-attention is truly irreplaceable for recognizing speech keywords. We thus explore the usage of gated MLPs -- previously shown to be alternatives to transformers in vision tasks -- for the keyword spotting task. We verify our approach on the Google Speech Commands V2-35 dataset and show that it is possible to obtain performance comparable to the state of the art without any apparent usage of self-attention.      
### 44.Constrained Covariance Steering Based Tube-MPPI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07744.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new trajectory optimization algorithm for stochastic linear systems which combines Model Predictive Path Integral (MPPI) control with Constrained Covariance Steering (CSS) to achieve high performance with safety guarantees (robustness). Although MPPI can be used to solve complex nonlinear trajectory optimization problems, it may not always handle constraints effectively and its performance may degrade in the presence of unmodeled disturbances. <br>By contrast, CCS can handle probabilistic state and / or input constraints (e.g., chance constraints) and also steer the state covariance of the system to a desired positive definite matrix (control of uncertainty) which both imply that CCS can provide robustness against stochastic disturbances. CCS, however, suffers from scalability issues and cannot handle complex cost functions in general. <br>We argue that the combination of the two methods yields a class of trajectory optimization algorithms that can achieve high performance (a feature of MPPI) while ensuring safety with high probability (a feature of CCS). <br>The efficacy of our algorithm is demonstrated in an obstacle avoidance problem and a circular track path generation problem.      
### 45.Pre-training Molecular Graph Representation with 3D Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07728.pdf)
>  Molecular graph representation learning is a fundamental problem in modern drug and material discovery. Molecular graphs are typically modeled by their 2D topological structures, but it has been recently discovered that 3D geometric information plays a more vital role in predicting molecular functionalities. However, the lack of 3D information in real-world scenarios has significantly impeded the learning of geometric graph representation. To cope with this challenge, we propose the Graph Multi-View Pre-training (GraphMVP) framework where self-supervised learning (SSL) is performed by leveraging the correspondence and consistency between 2D topological structures and 3D geometric views. GraphMVP effectively learns a 2D molecular graph encoder that is enhanced by richer and more discriminative 3D geometry. We further provide theoretical insights to justify the effectiveness of GraphMVP. Finally, comprehensive experiments show that GraphMVP can consistently outperform existing graph SSL methods.      
### 46.Adversarial Scene Reconstruction and Object Detection System for Assisting Autonomous Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07716.pdf)
>  In the current computer vision era classifying scenes through video surveillance systems is a crucial task. Artificial Intelligence (AI) Video Surveillance technologies have been advanced remarkably while artificial intelligence and deep learning ascended into the system. Adopting the superior compounds of deep learning visual classification methods achieved enormous accuracy in classifying visual scenes. However, the visual classifiers face difficulties examining the scenes in dark visible areas, especially during the nighttime. Also, the classifiers face difficulties in identifying the contexts of the scenes. This paper proposed a deep learning model that reconstructs dark visual scenes to clear scenes like daylight, and the method recognizes visual actions for the autonomous vehicle. The proposed model achieved 87.3 percent accuracy for scene reconstruction and 89.2 percent in scene understanding and detection tasks.      
### 47.Safety-aware Policy Optimisation for Autonomous Racing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07699.pdf)
>  To be viable for safety-critical applications, such as autonomous driving and assistive robotics, autonomous agents should adhere to safety constraints throughout the interactions with their environments. Instead of learning about safety by collecting samples, including unsafe ones, methods such as Hamilton-Jacobi (HJ) reachability compute safe sets with theoretical guarantees using models of the system dynamics. However, HJ reachability is not scalable to high-dimensional systems, and the guarantees hinge on the quality of the model. In this work, we inject HJ reachability theory into the constrained Markov decision process (CMDP) framework, as a control-theoretical approach for safety analysis via model-free updates on state-action pairs. Furthermore, we demonstrate that the HJ safety value can be learned directly on vision context, the highest-dimensional problem studied via the method to-date. We evaluate our method on several benchmark tasks, including Safety Gym and Learn-to-Race (L2R), a recently-released high-fidelity autonomous racing environment. Our approach has significantly fewer constraint violations in comparison to other constrained RL baselines, and achieve the new state-of-the-art results on the L2R benchmark task.      
### 48.Distribution-Free Federated Learning with Conformal Predictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07661.pdf)
>  Federated learning has attracted considerable interest for collaborative machine learning in healthcare to leverage separate institutional datasets while maintaining patient privacy. <br>However, additional challenges such as poor calibration and lack of interpretability may also hamper widespread deployment of federated models into clinical practice and lead to user distrust or misuse of ML tools in high-stakes clinical decision-making. <br>In this paper, we propose to address these challenges by incorporating an adaptive conformal framework into federated learning to ensure distribution-free prediction sets that provide coverage guarantees and uncertainty estimates without requiring any additional modifications to the model or assumptions. <br>Empirical results on the MedMNIST medical imaging benchmark demonstrate our federated method provide tighter coverage in lower average cardinality over local conformal predictions on 6 different medical imaging benchmark datasets in 2D and 3D multi-class classification tasks. <br>Further, we correlate class entropy and prediction set size to assess task uncertainty with conformal methods.      
### 49.Talking Detection In Collaborative Learning Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07646.pdf)
>  We study the problem of detecting talking activities in collaborative learning videos. Our approach uses head detection and projections of the log-magnitude of optical flow vectors to reduce the problem to a simple classification of small projection images without the need for training complex, 3-D activity classification systems. The small projection images are then easily classified using a simple majority vote of standard classifiers. For talking detection, our proposed approach is shown to significantly outperform single activity systems. We have an overall accuracy of 59% compared to 42% for Temporal Segment Network (TSN) and 45% for Convolutional 3D (C3D). In addition, our method is able to detect multiple talking instances from multiple speakers, while also detecting the speakers themselves.      
### 50.3D Structure from 2D Microscopy images using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07608.pdf)
>  Understanding the structure of a protein complex is crucial indetermining its function. However, retrieving accurate 3D structures from microscopy images is highly challenging, particularly as many imaging modalities are two-dimensional. Recent advances in Artificial Intelligence have been applied to this problem, primarily using voxel based approaches to analyse sets of electron microscopy images. Herewe present a deep learning solution for reconstructing the protein com-plexes from a number of 2D single molecule localization microscopy images, with the solution being completely unconstrained. Our convolutional neural network coupled with a differentiable renderer predicts pose and derives a single structure. After training, the network is dis-carded, with the output of this method being a structural model which fits the data-set. We demonstrate the performance of our system on two protein complexes: CEP152 (which comprises part of the proximal toroid of the centriole) and centrioles.      
### 51.HumBugDB: A Large-scale Acoustic Mosquito Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07607.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first large-scale multi-species dataset of acoustic recordings of mosquitoes tracked continuously in free flight. We present 20 hours of audio recordings that we have expertly labelled and tagged precisely in time. Significantly, 18 hours of recordings contain annotations from 36 different species. Mosquitoes are well-known carriers of diseases such as malaria, dengue and yellow fever. Collecting this dataset is motivated by the need to assist applications which utilise mosquito acoustics to conduct surveys to help predict outbreaks and inform intervention policy. The task of detecting mosquitoes from the sound of their wingbeats is challenging due to the difficulty in collecting recordings from realistic scenarios. To address this, as part of the HumBug project, we conducted global experiments to record mosquitoes ranging from those bred in culture cages to mosquitoes captured in the wild. Consequently, the audio recordings vary in signal-to-noise ratio and contain a broad range of indoor and outdoor background environments from Tanzania, Thailand, Kenya, the USA and the UK. In this paper we describe in detail how we collected, labelled and curated the data. The data is provided from a PostgreSQL database, which contains important metadata such as the capture method, age, feeding status and gender of the mosquitoes. Additionally, we provide code to extract features and train Bayesian convolutional neural networks for two key tasks: the identification of mosquitoes from their corresponding background environments, and the classification of detected mosquitoes into species. Our extensive dataset is both challenging to machine learning researchers focusing on acoustic identification, and critical to entomologists, geo-spatial modellers and other domain experts to understand mosquito behaviour, model their distribution, and manage the threat they pose to humans.      
