# ArXiv eess --Fri, 15 Oct 2021
### 1.Toward Degradation-Robust Voice Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07537.pdf)
>  Any-to-any voice conversion technologies convert the vocal timbre of an utterance to any speaker even unseen during training. Although there have been several state-of-the-art any-to-any voice conversion models, they were all based on clean utterances to convert successfully. However, in real-world scenarios, it is difficult to collect clean utterances of a speaker, and they are usually degraded by noises or reverberations. It thus becomes highly desired to understand how these degradations affect voice conversion and build a degradation-robust model. We report in this paper the first comprehensive study on the degradation robustness of any-to-any voice conversion. We show that the performance of state-of-the-art models nowadays was severely hampered given degraded utterances. To this end, we then propose speech enhancement concatenation and denoising training to improve the robustness. In addition to common degradations, we also consider adversarial noises, which alter the model output significantly yet are human-imperceptible. It was shown that both concatenations with off-the-shelf speech enhancement models and denoising training on voice conversion models could improve the robustness, while each of them had pros and cons.      
### 2.Drone technology: interdisciplinary systematic assessment of knowledge gaps and potential solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07532.pdf)
>  Despite being a hot research topic for a decade, drones are still not part of our everyday life. In this article, we analyze the reasons for this state of affairs and look for ways of improving the situation. We rely on the achievements of the so-called Technology Assessment (TA), an interdisciplinary research field aiming at providing knowledge for better-informed and well-reflected decisions concerning new technologies. We demonstrate that the most critical area requiring further development is safety. Since Unmanned Aerial System Traffic Management (UTM) systems promise to address this problem in a systematic manner, we also indicate relevant solutions for UTM that have to be designed by wireless experts. Moreover, we suggest project implementation guidelines for several drone applications. The guidelines take into account the public acceptance levels estimated in state of the art literature of the correspondent field.      
### 3.Stability Analysis of Unfolded WMMSE for Power Allocation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07471.pdf)
>  Power allocation is one of the fundamental problems in wireless networks and a wide variety of algorithms address this problem from different perspectives. A common element among these algorithms is that they rely on an estimation of the channel state, which may be inaccurate on account of hardware defects, noisy feedback systems, and environmental and adversarial disturbances. Therefore, it is essential that the output power allocation of these algorithms is stable with respect to input perturbations, to the extent that the variations in the output are bounded for bounded variations in the input. In this paper, we focus on UWMMSE -- a modern algorithm leveraging graph neural networks --, and illustrate its stability to additive input perturbations of bounded energy through both theoretical analysis and empirical validation.      
### 4.SingGAN: Generative Adversarial Network For High-Fidelity Singing Voice Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07468.pdf)
>  High-fidelity singing voice synthesis is challenging for neural vocoders due to extremely long continuous pronunciation, high sampling rate and strong expressiveness. Existing neural vocoders designed for text-to-speech cannot directly be applied to singing voice synthesis because they result in glitches in the generated spectrogram and poor high-frequency reconstruction. To tackle the difficulty of singing modeling, in this paper, we propose SingGAN, a singing voice vocoder with generative adversarial network. Specifically, 1) SingGAN uses source excitation to alleviate the glitch problem in the spectrogram; and 2) SingGAN adopts multi-band discriminators and introduces frequency-domain loss and sub-band feature matching loss to supervise high-frequency reconstruction. To our knowledge, SingGAN is the first vocoder designed towards high-fidelity multi-speaker singing voice synthesis. Experimental results show that SingGAN synthesizes singing voices with much higher quality (0.41 MOS gains) over the previous method. Further experiments show that combined with FastSpeech~2 as an acoustic model, SingGAN achieves high robustness in the singing voice synthesis pipeline and also performs well in speech synthesis.      
### 5.Non-Invasive Fault Detection of Stator Windings of Induction Motors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07437.pdf)
>  Condition monitoring of induction motor has been widely researched over recent years due to its ability to monitor operating characteristics and the health status of induction motor. Various methods have been used to monitor induction motors such as thermal monitoring and vibration analysis. This paper introduces an alternative method which is to use an inductive coupling method to extract in-circuit impedance of induction motor. This method allows for an online measurement of the system under test (SUT) preventing any unnecessary shutdowns. These unnecessary shutdowns may incur a loss of revenue for relevant industries that depends heavily on induction motor operations. Two sets of experiments were conducted in this paper, the first experiment was to examine the accuracy of the proposed method by simulating various SUT using simulated resistor, inductor, and capacitor (RLC) network. The next experiment was to detect incipient stator faults such as turn to turn faults in an induction motor. This proposed method measures the impedance of the stator winding of an induction motor to identify abnormalities. In addition, this method allows for an accurate in-circuit impedance measurement without the influence of motor load and frequency changes as well as faults such as bearing and rotor faults.      
### 6.On the Nonlinear Distortion Characterization in Photovoltaic Modules for Visible Light Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07423.pdf)
>  Photovoltaic (PV) modules have been employed in visible light communication (VLC) for simultaneous energy harvesting and data reception. A PV-based receiver features easy optical alignment and self-powered operation. It is commonly assumed that PV modules in VLC have a linear optical-electrical response, which is generally true under high illumination levels. This paper will illustrate the exacerbated PV's nonlinear distortion when under typical indoor illumination. The nonlinearity of a PV module for different numbers of PV cells is also characterized. We investigated the transmission performance of a 1-Mbit/s PAM4 signal under different illuminance. Experimental results show that the bit-error rate (BER) first decreases and then increases with the increasing illuminance. Thus, an optimal illuminance to minimize BER exists. In addition, we demonstrated two distortion mitigation methods, namely localized distortion compensation lighting and post-distortion compensation. BER reduction from 3.2x10-1 to 2.6x10-3 and 2.8x10-2 to 1.5x10-2 are achieved with the two respective schemes.      
### 7.Student-t Networks for Melody Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07419.pdf)
>  Melody estimation or melody extraction refers to the extraction of the primary or fundamental dominant frequency in a melody. This sequence of frequencies obtained represents the pitch of the dominant melodic line from recorded music audio signals. The music signal may be monophonic or polyphonic. The melody extraction problem from audio signals gets complicated when we start dealing with polyphonic audio data. This is because in generalized audio signals,the sounds are highly correlated over both frequency and time domains. This complex overlap of many sounds, makes identification of predominant frequency challenging.      
### 8.A Data-driven Probabilistic-based Flexibility Region Estimation Method for Aggregated Distributed Energy Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07406.pdf)
>  This paper presents a data-driven, distributionally robust chance-constrained optimization method for estimating the real and reactive power controllability of aggregated distributed energy resources (DER). At the DER-level, a two-dimensional flexibility region can be formed based on the real and reactive power regulating limits of each DER considering forecast uncertainty. At the feeder-level, an aggregated flexibility region is computed via a multi-directional search method. In each search direction, extend the real and reactive power of each controllable DER towards its operational limits until: i) all DERs' maximum operational limits are reached or, ii) one or more of the distribution network operational limits are violated. The method enables three key features for operating aggregated DER resources: controllability estimation, visualization, and risk quantification. Simulation results demonstrated the effectiveness of the algorithm and quantified the impact of different parameter settings on the flexibility region boundary changes. The proposed algorithm is robust and computationally efficient and can meet real-time computing needs.      
### 9.Soft robotic shell with active thermal display  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07399.pdf)
>  Almost all robotic systems in use have hard shells, which is limiting in many ways their full potential of physical interaction with humans or their surrounding environment. Robots with soft-shell covers offer an alternative morphology which is more pleasant in both appearance and for haptic human interaction. A persisting challenge in such soft-shell robotic covers is the simultaneous realization of softness and heat-conducting properties. Such heat-conducting properties are important for enabling temperature-control of robotic covers in the range that is comfortable for human touch. The presented soft-shell robotic cover is composed of a linked two-layer structure: (i) the inner layer, with built-in pipes for water circulation, is soft and acts as a thermal-isolation layer between the cover and the robot structure, whereas (ii) the outer layer, which can be patterned with a given desired texture and color, allows heat transfer from the circulating water of the inner part to the surface. Moreover, we demonstrate the ability to integrate our prototype cover with a humanoid robot equipped with capacitance sensors. This fabrication technique enables robotic cover possibilities, including tunable color, surface texture, and size, that are likely to have applications in a variety of robotic systems.      
### 10.Distribution Locational Marginal Pricing Under Uncertainty Considering Coordination of Distribution and Wholesale Markets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07391.pdf)
>  An effective distribution electricity market (DEM) is required to manage the rapidly growing small-scale distributed energy resources (DERs) in distribution systems (DSs). This paper proposes a day-ahead DEM clearing and pricing mechanism to account for the uncertainty of DERs and the coordination with the wholesale electricity market (WEM) through a bi-level model. The upper-level model clears the WEM in the transmission system (TS) and forms the locational marginal price (LMP) and uncertainty LMP (ULMP) for energy and uncertainty/reserve, respectively. In the lower level, a robust scheduling model considering WEM-DEM coordination and uncertainties is proposed to clear the DEM. Accordingly, the distribution LMPs (DLMPs) for active power, reactive power and uncertainty/reserve are derived to reward the energy/reserve provision and charge uncertain resources in the DEM, which provide effective price signals for managing not only the voltage and congestion, but also the uncertainty in DSs. A heterogeneous decomposition (HGD) algorithm is utilized to solve the bi-level model in a decentralized manner with limited information interaction between TS and DSs, which guarantees the solution efficiency and information privacy. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified via numerous case studies.      
### 11.Scheduler-Pointed False Data Injection Attack for Event-Based Remote State Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07378.pdf)
>  In this paper, an attack problem is investigated for event-based remote state estimation in cyber-physical systems. Our objective is to degrade the effect of the event-based scheduler while bypassing a $\chi^2$ false data detector. A two-channel scheduler-pointed false data injection attack strategy is proposed by modifying the numerical characteristics of innovation signals. The attack strategy is proved to be always existent, and an algorithm is provided to find it. Under the proposed attack strategy, the scheduler becomes almost invalid and the performance of the remote estimator is degraded. Numerical simulations are used to illustrate our theoretical results.      
### 12.Multi-center, multi-vendor automated segmentation of left ventricular anatomy in contrast-enhanced MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07360.pdf)
>  Accurate delineation of the left ventricular boundaries in late gadolinium-enhanced magnetic resonance imaging (LGE-MRI) is an essential step for scar tissue quantification and patient-specific assessment of myocardial infarction. Many deep-learning techniques have been proposed to perform automatic segmentations of the left ventricle (LV) in LGE-MRI showing segmentations as accurate as those obtained by expert cardiologists. Thus far, the existing models have been overwhelmingly developed and evaluated with LGE-MRI datasets from single clinical centers. However, in practice, LGE-MRI images vary significantly between clinical centers within and across countries, in particular due to differences in the MRI scanners, imaging conditions, contrast injection protocols and local clinical practise. This work investigates for the first time multi-center and multi-vendor LV segmentation in LGE-MRI, by proposing, implementing and evaluating in detail several strategies to enhance model generalizability across clinical cites. These include data augmentation to artificially augment the image variability in the training sample, image harmonization to align the distributions of LGE-MRI images across centers, and transfer learning to adjust existing single-center models to unseen images from new clinical sites. The results obtained based on a new multi-center LGE-MRI dataset acquired in four clinical centers in Spain, France and China, show that the combination of data augmentation and transfer learning can lead to single-center models that generalize well to new clinical centers not included in the original training. The proposed framework shows the potential for developing clinical tools for automated LV segmentation in LGE-MRI that can be deployed in multiple clinical centers across distinct geographical locations.      
### 13.Energy Cooperative Transmission Policy for Energy Harvesting Tags  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07359.pdf)
>  To sustain communication reliability and use the harvested energy effectively, it is crucial to consider energy sharing between energy harvesting tags (EHT) in a multiple access network, which are basic building blocks for the internet of things (IoT) applications. This technique also achieves higher throughput compared with the non-cooperative strategies despite energy losses occurred during energy transfer. We propose an energy cooperative communication strategy for a multiple access network of tags that depends on the harvested battery energy. We develop an optimal transmission policy for EHTs that maximizes the long-term joint average throughput using a Markov decision process (MDP) model. Simulation results show that the proposed energy cooperative policy produces improved performance than traditional policies.      
### 14.A Framework for Risk Assessment and Optimal Line Upgrade Selection to Mitigate Wildfire Risk  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07348.pdf)
>  As wildfires in the United States are becoming more frequent and severe, mitigating wildfire ignition risk from power line faults is an increasingly crucial effort. Long-term ignition prevention strategies, especially converting overhead lines to underground cables, are expensive. Thus, it is important to prioritize upgrades on lines that will reduce wildfire ignition risk the most. However, since so many factors contribute to ignition risk, it is difficult to quantify the wildfire risk associated with power lines. This paper examines how various risk definitions based on historical wildfire risk maps can be used to inform transmission upgrade planning. These risk metrics are evaluated using an optimization model that determines which overhead lines should be undergrounded such that the total wildfire risk in the network is minimized. The risk assignment and upgrade selection are tested on both a synthetic network and the actual transmission lines in California.      
### 15.Node-screening tests for L0-penalized least-squares problem with supplementary material  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07308.pdf)
>  We present a novel screening methodology to safely discard irrelevant nodes within a generic branch-and-bound (BnB) algorithm solving the \(\ell_0\)-penalized least-squares problem. Our contribution is a set of two simple tests to detect sets of feasible vectors that cannot yield optimal solutions. This allows to prune nodes of the BnB exploration tree, thus reducing the overall solution time. One cornerstone of our contribution is a nesting property between tests at different nodes that allows to implement screening at low computational cost. Our work leverages the concept of safe screening, well known for sparsity-inducing convex problems, and some recent advances in this field for \(\ell_0\)-penalized regression problems.      
### 16.Optimization-based modelling and game-theoretic framework for techno-economic analysis of demand-side flexibility: a real case study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07285.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a two-step framework for techno-economic analysis of a demand-side flexibility service in distribution networks. Step one applies optimization-based modelling to propose a generic problem formulation which determines the offer curve, in terms of available flexible capacity and its marginal cost, for flexible distribution-connected assets. These offer curves form an input to the second step, which uses a multi-agent iterative game framework to determine the benefits of demand-side flexibility for the Distribution System Operator (DSO) and the service providers. The combined two-step framework simultaneously accounts for the objectives of each flexibility provider, technical constraints of flexible assets, customer preferences, market clearing mechanisms, and strategic bidding by service providers, omission of any of which can lead to erroneous results. The proposed two-step framework has been applied to a real case study in the North East of England to examine four market mechanisms and three bidding strategies. The results showed that among all considered market mechanisms, flexibility markets that operate under discriminatory pricing, such as pay-as-bid and Dutch reverse auctions, are prone to manipulations, especially in the lack of competition. In contrast, uniform pricing pay-as-cleared auction provides limited opportunities for manipulation even when competition is low.      
### 17.Synchronization and Balancing around Simple Closed Polar Curves with Bounded Trajectories and Control Saturation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07248.pdf)
>  The problem of synchronization and balancing around simple closed polar curves is addressed for unicycle-type multi-agent systems. Leveraging the concept of barrier Lyapunov function in conjunction with bounded Lyapunov-like curve-phase potential functions, we propose distributed feedback control laws and show that the agents asymptotically stabilize to the desired closed curve, their trajectories remain bounded within a compact set, and their turn-rates adhere to the saturation limits. We also characterize the explicit nature of the boundary of this trajectory-constraining set based on the magnitude of the safe distance of the exterior boundary from the desired curve. We further establish a connection between the perimeters and areas of the trajectory-constraining set with that of the desired curve. We obtain bounds on different quantities of interest in the post-design analysis and provide simulation results to illustrate the theoretical findings.      
### 18.On the Stability of Low Pass Graph Filter With a Large Number of Edge Rewires  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07234.pdf)
>  Recently, the stability of graph filters has been studied as one of the key theoretical properties driving the highly successful graph convolutional neural networks (GCNs). The stability of a graph filter characterizes the effect of topology perturbation on the output of a graph filter, a fundamental building block for GCNs. Many existing results have focused on the regime of small perturbation with a small number of edge rewires. However, the number of edge rewires can be large in many applications. To study the latter case, this work departs from the previous analysis and proves a bound on the stability of graph filter relying on the filter's frequency response. Assuming the graph filter is low pass, we show that the stability of the filter depends on perturbation to the community structure. As an application, we show that for stochastic block model graphs, the graph filter distance converges to zero when the number of nodes approaches infinity. Numerical simulations validate our findings.      
### 19.Learning a Compressive Sensing Matrix with Structural Constraints via Maximum Mean Discrepancy Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07221.pdf)
>  We introduce a learning-based algorithm to obtain a measurement matrix for compressive sensing related recovery problems. The focus lies on matrices with a constant modulus constraint which typically represent a network of analog phase shifters in hybrid precoding/combining architectures. We interpret a matrix with restricted isometry property as a mapping of points from a high- to a low-dimensional hypersphere. We argue that points on the low-dimensional hypersphere, namely, in the range of the matrix, should be uniformly distributed to increase robustness against measurement noise. This notion is formalized in an optimization problem which uses one of the maximum mean discrepancy metrics in the objective function. Recent success of such metrics in neural network related topics motivate a solution of the problem based on machine learning. Numerical experiments show better performance than random measurement matrices that are generally employed in compressive sensing contexts. Further, we adapt a method from the literature to the constant modulus constraint. This method can also compete with random matrices and it is shown to harmonize well with the proposed learning-based approach if it is used as an initialization. Lastly, we describe how other structural matrix constraints, e.g., a Toeplitz constraint, can be taken into account, too.      
### 20.FedSpeech: Federated Text-to-Speech with Continual Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07216.pdf)
>  Federated learning enables collaborative training of machine learning models under strict privacy restrictions and federated text-to-speech aims to synthesize natural speech of multiple users with a few audio training samples stored in their devices locally. However, federated text-to-speech faces several challenges: very few training samples from each speaker are available, training samples are all stored in local device of each user, and global model is vulnerable to various attacks. In this paper, we propose a novel federated learning architecture based on continual learning approaches to overcome the difficulties above. Specifically, 1) we use gradual pruning masks to isolate parameters for preserving speakers' tones; 2) we apply selective masks for effectively reusing knowledge from tasks; 3) a private speaker embedding is introduced to keep users' privacy. Experiments on a reduced VCTK dataset demonstrate the effectiveness of FedSpeech: it nearly matches multi-task training in terms of multi-speaker speech quality; moreover, it sufficiently retains the speakers' tones and even outperforms the multi-task training in the speaker similarity experiment.      
### 21.SpeechT5: Unified-Modal Encoder-Decoder Pre-training for Spoken Language Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07205.pdf)
>  Motivated by the success of T5 (Text-To-Text Transfer Transformer) in pre-training natural language processing models, we propose a unified-modal SpeechT5 framework that explores the encoder-decoder pre-training for self-supervised speech/text representation learning. The SpeechT5 framework consists of a shared encoder-decoder network and six modal-specific (speech/text) pre/post-nets. After preprocessing the speech/text input through the pre-nets, the shared encoder-decoder network models the sequence to sequence transformation, and then the post-nets generate the output in the speech/text modality based on the decoder output. Particularly, SpeechT5 can pre-train on a large scale of unlabeled speech and text data to improve the capability of the speech and textual modeling. To align the textual and speech information into a unified semantic space, we propose a cross-modal vector quantization method with random mixing-up to bridge speech and text. Extensive evaluations on a wide variety of spoken language processing tasks, including voice conversion, automatic speech recognition, text to speech, and speaker identification, show the superiority of the proposed SpeechT5 framework.      
### 22.Exploring Timbre Disentanglement in Non-Autoregressive Cross-Lingual Text-to-Speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07192.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a FastPitch-based non-autoregressive cross-lingual Text-to-Speech (TTS) model built with language independent input representation and monolingual force aligners. We propose a phoneme length regulator that solves the length mismatch problem between language-independent phonemes and monolingual alignment results. Our experiments show that (1) an increasing number of training speakers encourages non-autoregressive cross-lingual TTS model to disentangle speaker and language representations, and (2) variance adaptors of FastPitch model can help disentangle speaker identity from learned representations in cross-lingual TTS. The subjective evaluation shows that our proposed model is able to achieve decent speaker consistency and similarity. We further improve the naturalness of Mandarin-dominated mixed-lingual utterances by utilizing the controllability of our proposed model.      
### 23.CNN-DST: ensemble deep learning based on Dempster-Shafer theory for vibration-based fault recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07191.pdf)
>  Nowadays, using vibration data in conjunction with pattern recognition methods is one of the most common fault detection strategies for structures. However, their performances depend on the features extracted from vibration data, the features selected to train the classifier, and the classifier used for pattern recognition. Deep learning facilitates the fault detection procedure by automating the feature extraction and selection, and classification procedure. Though, deep learning approaches have challenges in designing its structure and tuning its hyperparameters, which may result in a low generalization capability. Therefore, this study proposes an ensemble deep learning framework based on a convolutional neural network (CNN) and Dempster-Shafer theory (DST), called CNN-DST. In this framework, several CNNs with the proposed structure are first trained, and then, the outputs of the CNNs selected by the proposed technique are combined by using an improved DST-based method. To validate the proposed CNN-DST framework, it is applied to an experimental dataset created by the broadband vibrational responses of polycrystalline Nickel alloy first-stage turbine blades with different types and severities of damage. Through statistical analysis, it is shown that the proposed CNN-DST framework classifies the turbine blades with an average prediction accuracy of 97.19%. The proposed CNN-DST framework is benchmarked with other state-of-the-art classification methods, demonstrating its high performance. The robustness of the proposed CNN-DST framework with respect to measurement noise is investigated, showing its high noise-resistance. Further, bandwidth analysis reveals that most of the required information for detecting faulty samples is available in a small frequency range.      
### 24.Singular Zone in Quadrotor Yaw-Position Feedback Linearization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07179.pdf)
>  It is well known that the conventional quadrotor is an under-actuated MIMO system. The number of the inputs is less than the degree of freedom. One approach in controlling this non-holonomic system is feedback linearization. In the frequently cited (305 times) application, the yaw and the position are selected as the controlled variables. It is reported that no singularity is found in their delta matrix, making it possible to apply the inversion within a wide range. However, we find the ignored singular zone within the range of interest. The unreported singular area can cause the failure in the controller design. This paper visualizes this uninvertible area and details the deduction process.      
### 25.Unsupervised Data-Driven Nuclei Segmentation For Histology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07147.pdf)
>  An unsupervised data-driven nuclei segmentation method for histology images, called CBM, is proposed in this work. CBM consists of three modules applied in a block-wise manner: 1) data-driven color transform for energy compaction and dimension reduction, 2) data-driven binarization, and 3) incorporation of geometric priors with morphological processing. CBM comes from the first letter of the three modules - "Color transform", "Binarization" and "Morphological processing". Experiments on the MoNuSeg dataset validate the effectiveness of the proposed CBM method. CBM outperforms all other unsupervised methods and offers a competitive standing among supervised models based on the Aggregated Jaccard Index (AJI) metric.      
### 26.Federated Learning for COVID-19 Detection with Generative Adversarial Networks in Edge Cloud Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07136.pdf)
>  COVID-19 has spread rapidly across the globe and become a deadly pandemic. Recently, many artificial intelligence-based approaches have been used for COVID-19 detection, but they often require public data sharing with cloud datacentres and thus remain privacy concerns. This paper proposes a new federated learning scheme, called FedGAN, to generate realistic COVID-19 images for facilitating privacy-enhanced COVID-19 detection with generative adversarial networks (GANs) in edge cloud computing. Particularly, we first propose a GAN where a discriminator and a generator based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) at each edge-based medical institution alternatively are trained to mimic the real COVID-19 data distribution. Then, we propose a new federated learning solution which allows local GANs to collaborate and exchange learned parameters with a cloud server, aiming to enrich the global GAN model for generating realistic COVID-19 images without the need for sharing actual data. To enhance the privacy in federated COVID-19 data analytics, we integrate a differential privacy solution at each hospital institution. Moreover, we propose a new blockchain-based FedGAN framework for secure COVID-19 data analytics, by decentralizing the FL process with a new mining solution for low running latency. Simulations results demonstrate the superiority of our approach for COVID-19 detection over the state-of-the-art schemes.      
### 27.Multi-ACCDOA: Localizing and Detecting Overlapping Sounds from the Same Class with Auxiliary Duplicating Permutation Invariant Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07124.pdf)
>  Sound event localization and detection (SELD) involves identifying the direction-of-arrival (DOA) and the event class. The SELD methods with a class-wise output format make the model predict activities of all sound event classes and corresponding locations. The class-wise methods can output activity-coupled Cartesian DOA (ACCDOA) vectors, which enable us to solve a SELD task with a single target using a single network. However, there is still a challenge in detecting the same event class from multiple locations. To overcome this problem while maintaining the advantages of the class-wise format, we extended ACCDOA to a multi one and proposed auxiliary duplicating permutation invariant training (ADPIT). The multi- ACCDOA format (a class- and track-wise output format) enables the model to solve the cases with overlaps from the same class. The class-wise ADPIT scheme enables each track of the multi-ACCDOA format to learn with the same target as the single-ACCDOA format. In evaluations with the DCASE 2021 Task 3 dataset, the model trained with the multi-ACCDOA format and with the class-wise ADPIT detects overlapping events from the same class while maintaining its performance in the other cases. Also, the proposed method performed comparably to state-of-the-art SELD methods with fewer parameters.      
### 28.Auxiliary Loss of Transformer with Residual Connection for End-to-End Speaker Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07116.pdf)
>  End-to-end neural diarization (EEND) with self-attention directly predicts speaker labels from inputs and enables the handling of overlapped speech. Although the EEND outperforms clustering-based speaker diarization (SD), it cannot be further improved by simply increasing the number of encoder blocks because the last encoder block is dominantly supervised compared with lower blocks. This paper proposes a new residual auxiliary EEND (RX-EEND) learning architecture for transformers to enforce the lower encoder blocks to learn more accurately. The auxiliary loss is applied to the output of each encoder block, including the last encoder block. The effect of auxiliary loss on the learning of the encoder blocks can be further increased by adding a residual connection between the encoder blocks of the EEND. Performance evaluation and ablation study reveal that the auxiliary loss in the proposed RX-EEND provides relative reductions in the diarization error rate (DER) by 50.3% and 21.0% on the simulated and CALLHOME (CH) datasets, respectively, compared with self-attentive EEND (SA-EEND). Furthermore, the residual connection used in RX-EEND further relatively reduces the DER by 8.1% for CH dataset.      
### 29.A Robotic Antenna Alignment and Tracking System for Millimeter Wave Propagation Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07106.pdf)
>  In this paper, we discuss the design of a sliding-correlator channel sounder for 28 GHz propagation modeling on the NSF POWDER testbed in Salt Lake City, UT. Beam-alignment is mechanically achieved via a fully autonomous robotic antenna tracking platform, designed using commercial off-the-shelf components. Equipped with an Apache Zookeeper/Kafka managed fault-tolerant publish-subscribe framework, we demonstrate tracking response times of 27.8 ms, in addition to superior scalability over state-of-the-art mechanical beam-steering systems. Enhanced with real-time kinematic correction streams, our geo-positioning subsystem achieves a 3D accuracy of 17 cm, while our principal axes positioning subsystem achieves an average accuracy of 1.1 degrees across yaw and pitch movements. Finally, by facilitating remote orchestration (via managed containers), uninhibited rotation (via encapsulation), and real-time positioning visualization (via Dash/MapBox), we exhibit a proven prototype well-suited for V2X measurements.      
### 30.High-throughput Phenotyping of Nematode Cysts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07057.pdf)
>  The beet cyst nematode (BCN) Heterodera schachtii is a plant pest responsible for crop loss on a global scale. Here, we introduce a high-throughput system based on computer vision that allows quantifying BCN infestation and characterizing nematode cysts through phenotyping. After recording microscopic images of soil extracts in a standardized setting, an instance segmentation algorithm serves to detect nematode cysts in these samples. Going beyond fast and precise cyst counting, the image-based approach enables quantification of cyst density and phenotyping of morphological features of cysts under different conditions, providing the basis for high-throughput applications in agriculture and plant breeding research.      
### 31.Continual learning using lattice-free MMI for speech recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07055.pdf)
>  Continual learning (CL), or domain expansion, recently became a popular topic for automatic speech recognition (ASR) acoustic modeling because practical systems have to be updated frequently in order to work robustly on types of speech not observed during initial training. While sequential adaptation allows tuning a system to a new domain, it may result in performance degradation on the old domains due to catastrophic forgetting. In this work we explore regularization-based CL for neural network acoustic models trained with the lattice-free maximum mutual information (LF-MMI) criterion. We simulate domain expansion by incrementally adapting the acoustic model on different public datasets that include several accents and speaking styles. We investigate two well-known CL techniques, elastic weight consolidation (EWC) and learning without forgetting (LWF), which aim to reduce forgetting by preserving model weights or network outputs. We additionally introduce a sequence-level LWF regularization, which exploits posteriors from the denominator graph of LF-MMI to further reduce forgetting. Empirical results show that the proposed sequence-level LWF can improve the best average word error rate across all domains by up to 9.4% relative compared with using regular LWF.      
### 32.Robust MIMO Detection using Hypernetworks with Learned Regularizers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07053.pdf)
>  Optimal symbol detection in multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems is known to be an NP-hard problem. Recently, there has been a growing interest to get reasonably close to the optimal solution using neural networks while keeping the computational complexity in check. However, existing work based on deep learning shows that it is difficult to design a generic network that works well for a variety of channels. In this work, we propose a method that tries to strike a balance between symbol error rate (SER) performance and generality of channels. Our method is based on hypernetworks that generate the parameters of a neural network-based detector that works well on a specific channel. We propose a general framework by regularizing the training of the hypernetwork with some pre-trained instances of the channel-specific method. Through numerical experiments, we show that our proposed method yields high performance for a set of prespecified channel realizations while generalizing well to all channels drawn from a specific distribution.      
### 33.Cloud-Assisted Collaborative Road Information Discovery with Gaussian Process: Application to Road Profile Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06977.pdf)
>  There is an increasing popularity in exploiting modern vehicles as mobile sensors to obtain important road information such as potholes, black ice and road profile. Availability of such information has been identified as a key enabler for next-generation vehicles with enhanced safety, efficiency, and comfort. However, existing road information discovery approaches have been predominately performed in a single-vehicle setting, which is inevitably susceptible to vehicle model uncertainty and measurement errors. To overcome these limitations, this paper presents a novel cloud-assisted collaborative estimation framework that can utilize multiple heterogeneous vehicles to iteratively enhance estimation performance. Specifically, each vehicle combines its onboard measurements with a cloud-based Gaussian process (GP), crowdsourced from prior participating vehicles as "pseudo-measurements", into a local estimator to refine the estimation. The resultant local onboard estimation is then sent back to the cloud to update the GP, where we utilize a noisy input GP (NIGP) method to explicitly handle uncertain GPS measurements. We employ the proposed framework to the application of collaborative road profile estimation. Promising results on extensive simulations and hardware-in-the-loop experiments show that the proposed collaborative estimation can significantly enhance estimation and iteratively improve the performance from vehicle to vehicle, despite vehicle heterogeneity, model uncertainty, and measurement noises.      
### 34.Speech Toxicity Analysis: A New Spoken Language Processing Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07592.pdf)
>  Toxic speech, also known as hate speech, is regarded as one of the crucial issues plaguing online social media today. Most recent work on toxic speech detection is constrained to the modality of text with no existing work on toxicity detection from spoken utterances. In this paper, we propose a new Spoken Language Processing task of detecting toxicity from spoken speech. We introduce DeToxy, the first publicly available toxicity annotated dataset for English speech, sourced from various openly available speech databases, consisting of over 2 million utterances. Finally, we also provide analysis on how a spoken speech corpus annotated for toxicity can help facilitate the development of E2E models which better capture various prosodic cues in speech, thereby boosting toxicity classification on spoken utterances.      
### 35.Unsupervised Learning of Full-Waveform Inversion: Connecting CNN and Partial Differential Equation in a Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07584.pdf)
>  This paper investigates unsupervised learning of Full-Waveform Inversion (FWI), which has been widely used in geophysics to estimate subsurface velocity maps from seismic data. This problem is mathematically formulated by a second order partial differential equation (PDE), but is hard to solve. Moreover, acquiring velocity map is extremely expensive, making it impractical to scale up a supervised approach to train the mapping from seismic data to velocity maps with convolutional neural networks (CNN). We address these difficulties by integrating PDE and CNN in a loop, thus shifting the paradigm to unsupervised learning that only requires seismic data. In particular, we use finite difference to approximate the forward modeling of PDE as a differentiable operator (from velocity map to seismic data) and model its inversion by CNN (from seismic data to velocity map). Hence, we transform the supervised inversion task into an unsupervised seismic data reconstruction task. We also introduce a new large-scale dataset OpenFWI, to establish a more challenging benchmark for the community. Experiment results show that our model (using seismic data alone) yields comparable accuracy to the supervised counterpart (using both seismic data and velocity map). Furthermore, it outperforms the supervised model when involving more seismic data.      
### 36.Spoken ObjectNet: A Bias-Controlled Spoken Caption Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07575.pdf)
>  Visually-grounded spoken language datasets can enable models to learn cross-modal correspondences with very weak supervision. However, modern audio-visual datasets contain biases that undermine the real-world performance of models trained on that data. We introduce Spoken ObjectNet, which is designed to remove some of these biases and provide a way to better evaluate how effectively models will perform in real-world scenarios. This dataset expands upon ObjectNet, which is a bias-controlled image dataset that features similar image classes to those present in ImageNet. We detail our data collection pipeline, which features several methods to improve caption quality, including automated language model checks. Lastly, we show baseline results on image retrieval and audio retrieval tasks. These results show that models trained on other datasets and then evaluated on Spoken ObjectNet tend to perform poorly due to biases in other datasets that the models have learned. We also show evidence that the performance decrease is due to the dataset controls, and not the transfer setting.      
### 37.sMGC: A Complex-Valued Graph Convolutional Network via Magnetic Laplacian for Directed Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07570.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in Graph Neural Networks have led to state-of-the-art performance on representation learning of graphs for node classification. However, the majority of existing works process directed graphs by symmetrization, which may cause loss of directional information. In this paper, we propose the magnetic Laplacian that preserves edge directionality by encoding it into complex phase as a deformation of the combinatorial Laplacian. In addition, we design an Auto-Regressive Moving-Average (ARMA) filter that is capable of learning global features from graphs. To reduce time complexity, Taylor expansion is applied to approximate the filter. We derive complex-valued operations in graph neural network and devise a simplified Magnetic Graph Convolution network, namely sMGC. Our experiment results demonstrate that sMGC is a fast, powerful, and widely applicable GNN.      
### 38.Resource-constrained Federated Edge Learning with Heterogeneous Data: Formulation and Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07567.pdf)
>  Efficient collaboration between collaborative machine learning and wireless communication technology, forming a Federated Edge Learning (FEEL), has spawned a series of next-generation intelligent applications. However, due to the openness of network connections, the FEEL framework generally involves hundreds of remote devices (or clients), resulting in expensive communication costs, which is not friendly to resource-constrained FEEL. To address this issue, we propose a distributed approximate Newton-type algorithm with fast convergence speed to alleviate the problem of FEEL resource (in terms of communication resources) constraints. Specifically, the proposed algorithm is improved based on distributed L-BFGS algorithm and allows each client to approximate the high-cost Hessian matrix by computing the low-cost Fisher matrix in a distributed manner to find a "better" descent direction, thereby speeding up convergence. Second, we prove that the proposed algorithm has linear convergence in strongly convex and non-convex cases and analyze its computational and communication complexity. Similarly, due to the heterogeneity of the connected remote devices, FEEL faces the challenge of heterogeneous data and non-IID (Independent and Identically Distributed) data. To this end, we design a simple but elegant training scheme, namely FedOVA, to solve the heterogeneous statistical challenge brought by heterogeneous data. In this way, FedOVA first decomposes a multi-class classification problem into more straightforward binary classification problems and then combines their respective outputs using ensemble learning. In particular, the scheme can be well integrated with our communication efficient algorithm to serve FEEL. Numerical results verify the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed algorithm.      
### 39.Active SLAM over Continuous Trajectory and Control: A Covariance-Feedback Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07546.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel active Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) method with continuous trajectory optimization over a stochastic robot dynamics model. The problem is formalized as a stochastic optimal control over the continuous robot kinematic model to minimize a cost function that involves the covariance matrix of the landmark states. We tackle the problem by separately obtaining an open-loop control sequence subject to deterministic dynamics by iterative Covariance Regulation (iCR) and a closed-loop feedback control under stochastic robot and covariance dynamics by Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR). The proposed optimization method captures the coupling between localization and mapping in predicting uncertainty evolution and synthesizes highly informative sensing trajectories. We demonstrate its performance in active landmark-based SLAM using relative-position measurements with a limited field of view.      
### 40.Two-Stage Homotopy Method to Incorporate Discrete Control Variables into AC-OPF  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07522.pdf)
>  Alternating-Current Optimal Power Flow (AC-OPF) is an optimization problem critical for planning and operating the power grid. The problem is traditionally formulated using only continuous variables. Typically, control devices with discrete-valued settings, which provide valuable flexibility to the network and improve resilience, are omitted from AC-OPF formulations due to the difficulty of integrality constraints. We propose a two-stage homotopy algorithm to solve the AC-OPF problem with discrete-valued control settings. This method does not rely on prior knowledge of control settings or other initial conditions. The first stage relaxes the discrete settings to continuous variables and solves the optimization using a robust homotopy technique. Once the solution has been obtained using relaxed models, second homotopy problem gradually transforms the relaxed settings to their nearest feasible discrete values. We test the proposed algorithm on several large networks with switched shunts and adjustable transformers and show it can outperform a similar state-of-the-art solver.      
### 41.VABO: Violation-Aware Bayesian Optimization for Closed-Loop Control Performance Optimization with Unmodeled Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07479.pdf)
>  We study the problem of performance optimization of closed-loop control systems with unmodeled dynamics. Bayesian optimization (BO) has been demonstrated effective for improving closed-loop performance by automatically tuning controller gains or reference setpoints in a model-free manner. However, BO methods have rarely been tested on dynamical systems with unmodeled constraints. In this paper, we propose a violation-aware BO algorithm (VABO) that optimizes closed-loop performance while simultaneously learning constraint-feasible solutions. Unlike classical constrained BO methods which allow an unlimited constraint violations, or safe BO algorithms that are conservative and try to operate with near-zero violations, we allow budgeted constraint violations to improve constraint learning and accelerate optimization. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed VABO method for energy minimization of industrial vapor compression systems.      
### 42.Shaping Large Population Agent Behaviors Through Entropy-Regularized Mean-Field Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07469.pdf)
>  Mean-field games (MFG) were introduced to efficiently analyze approximate Nash equilibria in large population settings. In this work, we consider entropy-regularized mean-field games with a finite state-action space in a discrete time setting. We show that entropy regularization provides the necessary regularity conditions, that are lacking in the standard finite mean field games. Such regularity conditions enable us to design fixed-point iteration algorithms to find the unique mean-field equilibrium (MFE). Furthermore, the reference policy used in the regularization provides an extra means, through which one can control the behavior of the population. We first formulate the problem as a stochastic game with a large population of $N$ homogeneous agents. We establish conditions for the existence of a Nash equilibrium in the limiting case as $N$ tends to infinity, and we demonstrate that the Nash equilibrium for the infinite population case is also an $\epsilon$-Nash equilibrium for the $N$-agent regularized game, where the sub-optimality $\epsilon$ is of order $\mathcal{O}\big(1/\sqrt{N}\big)$. Finally, we verify the theoretical guarantees through a resource allocation example and demonstrate the efficacy of using a reference policy to control the behavior of a large population of agents.      
### 43.Adaptive Differentially Private Empirical Risk Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07435.pdf)
>  We propose an adaptive (stochastic) gradient perturbation method for differentially private empirical risk minimization. At each iteration, the random noise added to the gradient is optimally adapted to the stepsize; we name this process adaptive differentially private (ADP) learning. Given the same privacy budget, we prove that the ADP method considerably improves the utility guarantee compared to the standard differentially private method in which vanilla random noise is added. Our method is particularly useful for gradient-based algorithms with time-varying learning rates, including variants of AdaGrad (Duchi et al., 2011). We provide extensive numerical experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed adaptive differentially private algorithm.      
### 44.Trading Data for Wind Power Forecasting: A Regression Market with Lasso Regularization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07432.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a regression market for wind agents to monetize data traded among themselves for wind power forecasting. Existing literature on data markets often treats data disclosure as a binary choice or modulates the data quality based on the mismatch between the offer and bid prices. As a result, the market disadvantages either the data sellers due to the overestimation of their willingness to disclose data, or the data buyers due to the lack of useful data being provided. Our proposed regression market determines the data payment based on the least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (lasso), which not only provides the data buyer with a means for selecting useful features, but also enables each data seller to individualize the threshold for data payment. Using both synthetic data and real-world wind data, the case studies demonstrate a reduction in the overall losses for wind agents who buy data, as well as additional financial benefits to those who sell data.      
### 45.Evaluating Off-the-Shelf Machine Listening and Natural Language Models for Automated Audio Captioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07410.pdf)
>  Automated audio captioning (AAC) is the task of automatically generating textual descriptions for general audio signals. A captioning system has to identify various information from the input signal and express it with natural language. Existing works mainly focus on investigating new methods and try to improve their performance measured on existing datasets. Having attracted attention only recently, very few works on AAC study the performance of existing pre-trained audio and natural language processing resources. In this paper, we evaluate the performance of off-the-shelf models with a Transformer-based captioning approach. We utilize the freely available Clotho dataset to compare four different pre-trained machine listening models, four word embedding models, and their combinations in many different settings. Our evaluation suggests that YAMNet combined with BERT embeddings produces the best captions. Moreover, in general, fine-tuning pre-trained word embeddings can lead to better performance. Finally, we show that sequences of audio embeddings can be processed using a Transformer encoder to produce higher-quality captions.      
### 46.M2MeT: The ICASSP 2022 Multi-Channel Multi-Party Meeting Transcription Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07393.pdf)
>  Recent development of speech signal processing, such as speech recognition, speaker diarization, etc., has inspired numerous applications of speech technologies. The meeting scenario is one of the most valuable and, at the same time, most challenging scenarios for speech technologies. Speaker diarization and multi-speaker automatic speech recognition in meeting scenarios have attracted increasing attention. However, the lack of large public real meeting data has been a major obstacle for advancement of the field. Therefore, we release the \emph{AliMeeting} corpus, which consists of 120 hours of real recorded Mandarin meeting data, including far-field data collected by 8-channel microphone array as well as near-field data collected by each participants' headset microphone. Moreover, we will launch the Multi-channel Multi-party Meeting Transcription Challenge (M2MeT), as an ICASSP2022 Signal Processing Grand Challenge. The challenge consists of two tracks, namely speaker diarization and multi-speaker ASR. In this paper we provide a detailed introduction of the dateset, rules, evaluation methods and baseline systems, aiming to further promote reproducible research in this field.      
### 47.Towards Safer Transportation: a self-supervised learning approach for traffic video deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07379.pdf)
>  Video monitoring of traffic is useful for traffic management and control, traffic counting, and traffic law enforcement. However, traffic monitoring during inclement weather such as rain is a challenging task because video quality is corrupted by streaks of falling rain on the video image, and this hinders reliable characterization not only of the road environment but also of road-user behavior during such adverse weather events. This study proposes a two-stage self-supervised learning method to remove rain streaks in traffic videos. The first and second stages address intra- and inter-frame noise, respectively. The results indicated that the model exhibits satisfactory performance in terms of the image visual quality and the Peak Signal-Noise Ratio value.      
### 48.Multiple Style Transfer via Variational AutoEncoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07375.pdf)
>  Modern works on style transfer focus on transferring style from a single image. Recently, some approaches study multiple style transfer; these, however, are either too slow or fail to mix multiple styles. We propose ST-VAE, a Variational AutoEncoder for latent space-based style transfer. It performs multiple style transfer by projecting nonlinear styles to a linear latent space, enabling to merge styles via linear interpolation before transferring the new style to the content image. To evaluate ST-VAE, we experiment on COCO for single and multiple style transfer. We also present a case study revealing that ST-VAE outperforms other methods while being faster, flexible, and setting a new path for multiple style transfer.      
### 49.DynoLoc: Infrastructure-free RF Tracking in Dynamic Indoor Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07365.pdf)
>  Promising solutions exist today that can accurately track mobile entities indoor using visual inertial odometry in favorable visual conditions, or by leveraging fine-grained ranging (RF, ultrasonic, IR, etc.) to reference anchors. However, they are unable to directly cater to "dynamic" indoor environments (e.g. first responder scenarios, multi-player AR/VR gaming in everyday spaces, etc.) that are devoid of such favorable conditions. Indeed, we show that the need for "infrastructure-free", and robustness to "node mobility" and "visual conditions" in such environments, motivates a robust RF-based approach along with the need to address a novel and challenging variant of its infrastructure-free (i.e. peer-to-peer) localization problem that is latency-bounded - accurate tracking of mobile entities imposes a latency budget that not only affects the solution computation but also the collection of peer-to-peer ranges themselves. <br>In this work, we present the design and deployment of DynoLoc that addresses this latency-bounded infrastructure-free RF localization problem. To this end, DynoLoc unravels the fundamental tradeoff between latency and localization accuracy and incorporates design elements that judiciously leverage the available ranging resources to adaptively estimate the joint topology of nodes, coupled with robust algorithm that maximizes the localization accuracy even in the face of practical environmental artifacts (wireless connectivity and multipath, node mobility, etc.). This allows DynoLoc to track (every second) a network of few tens of mobile entities even at speeds of 1-2 m/s with median accuracies under 1-2 m (compared to 5m+ with baselines), without infrastructure support. We demonstrate DynoLoc's potential in a real-world firefighters' drill, as well as two other use cases of (i) multi-player AR/VR gaming, and (ii) active shooter tracking by first responders.      
### 50.Music Playlist Title Generation: A Machine-Translation Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07354.pdf)
>  We propose a machine-translation approach to automatically generate a playlist title from a set of music tracks. We take a sequence of track IDs as input and a sequence of words in a playlist title as output, adapting the sequence-to-sequence framework based on Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) and Transformer to the music data. Considering the orderless nature of music tracks in a playlist, we propose two techniques that remove the order of the input sequence. One is data augmentation by shuffling and the other is deleting the positional encoding. We also reorganize the existing music playlist datasets to generate phrase-level playlist titles. The result shows that the Transformer models generally outperform the RNN model. Also, removing the order of input sequence improves the performance further.      
### 51.Multidisciplinary Design Optimization Approach to Integrated Space Mission Planning and Spacecraft Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07323.pdf)
>  Space mission planning and spacecraft design are tightly coupled and need to be considered together for optimal performance; however, this integrated optimization problem results in a large-scale Mixed-Integer Nonlinear Programming (MINLP) problem, which is challenging to solve. In response to this challenge, this paper proposes a new solution approach to this MINLP problem by iterative solving a set of coupled subproblems via the augmented Lagrangian coordination approach following the philosophy of Multi-disciplinary Design Optimization (MDO). The proposed approach leverages the unique structure of the problem that enables its decomposition into a set of coupled subproblems of different types: a Mixed-Integer Quadratic Programming (MIQP) subproblem for mission planning and one or more Nonlinear Programming (NLP) subproblem(s) for spacecraft design. Since specialized MIQP or NLP solvers can be applied to each subproblem, the proposed approach can efficiently solve the otherwise intractable integrated MINLP problem. An automatic and effective method to find an initial solution for this iterative approach is also proposed so that the optimization can be performed without the need for a user-defined initial guess. In the demonstration case study, a human lunar exploration mission sequence is optimized with a subsystem-level parametric spacecraft design model. Compared to the state-of-the-art method, the proposed formulation can obtain a better solution with a shorter computational time even without parallelization. For larger problems, the proposed solution approach can also be easily parallelizable and thus is expected to be further advantageous and scalable.      
### 52.Conformer-Based Self-Supervised Learning for Non-Speech Audio Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07313.pdf)
>  Representation learning from unlabeled data has been of major interest in artificial intelligence research. While self-supervised speech representation learning has been popular in the speech research community, very few works have comprehensively analyzed audio representation learning for non-speech audio tasks. In this paper, we propose a self-supervised audio representation learning method and apply it to a variety of downstream non-speech audio tasks. We combine the well-known wav2vec 2.0 framework, which has shown success in self-supervised learning for speech tasks, with parameter-efficient conformer architectures. On the AudioSet benchmark, we achieve a mean average precision (mAP) score of 0.415, which is a new state-of-the-art on this dataset through audio-only self-supervised learning. Our fine-tuned conformers also surpass or match the performance of previous systems pre-trained in a supervised way on several downstream tasks. We further discuss the important design considerations for both pre-training and fine-tuning.      
### 53.SpecSinGAN: Sound Effect Variation Synthesis Using Single-Image GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07311.pdf)
>  Single-image generative adversarial networks learn from the internal distribution of a single training example to generate variations of it, removing the need of a large dataset. In this paper we introduce SpecSinGAN, an unconditional generative architecture that takes a single one-shot sound effect (e.g., a footstep; a character jump) and produces novel variations of it, as if they were different takes from the same recording session. We explore the use of multi-channel spectrograms to train the model on the various layers that comprise a single sound effect. A listening study comparing our model to real recordings and to digital signal processing procedural audio models in terms of sound plausibility and variation revealed that SpecSinGAN is more plausible and varied than the procedural audio models considered, when using multi-channel spectrograms. Sound examples can be found at the project website: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.adrianbarahonarios.com/specsingan/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 54.Cell-Free Massive MIMO for 6G Wireless Communication Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07309.pdf)
>  The recently commercialized fifth-generation (5G) wireless communication networks achieved many improvements, including air interface enhancement, spectrum expansion, and network intensification by several key technologies, such as massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO), millimeter-wave communications, and ultra-dense networking. Despite the deployment of 5G commercial systems, wireless communications is still facing many challenges to enable connected intelligence and a myriad of applications such as industrial Internet-of-things, autonomous systems, brain-computer interfaces, digital twin, tactile Internet, etc. Therefore, it is urgent to start research on the sixth-generation (6G) wireless communication systems. Among the candidate technologies for such systems, cell-free massive MIMO which combines the advantages of distributed systems and massive MIMO is considered as a key solution to enhance the wireless transmission efficiency and becomes the international frontier. In this paper, we present a comprehensive study on cell-free massive MIMO for 6G wireless communication networks, especially from the signal processing perspective. We focus on enabling physical layer technologies for cell-free massive MIMO, such as user association, pilot assignment, transmitter and receiver design, as well as power control and allocation. Furthermore, some current and future research problems are highlighted.      
### 55.Resource Allocation for Simultaneous Wireless Information and Power Transfer Systems: A Tutorial Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07296.pdf)
>  Over the last decade, simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT) has become a practical and promising solution for connecting and recharging battery-limited devices, thanks to significant advances in low-power electronics technology and wireless communications techniques. To realize the promised potentials, advanced resource allocation design plays a decisive role in revealing, understanding, and exploiting the intrinsic rate-energy tradeoff capitalizing on the dual use of radio frequency (RF) signals for wireless charging and communication. In this paper, we provide a comprehensive tutorial overview of SWIPT from the perspective of resource allocation design. The fundamental concepts, system architectures, and RF energy harvesting (EH) models are introduced. In particular, three commonly adopted EH models, namely the linear EH model, the nonlinear saturation EH model, and the nonlinear circuit-based EH model are characterized and discussed. Then, for a typical wireless system setup, we establish a generalized resource allocation design framework which subsumes conventional resource allocation design problems as special cases. Subsequently, we elaborate on relevant tools from optimization theory and exploit them for solving representative resource allocation design problems for SWIPT systems with and without perfect channel state information (CSI) available at the transmitter, respectively. The associated technical challenges and insights are also highlighted. Furthermore, we discuss several promising and exciting future research directions for resource allocation design for SWIPT systems intertwined with cutting-edge communication technologies, such as intelligent reflecting surfaces, unmanned aerial vehicles, mobile edge computing, federated learning, and machine learning.      
### 56.An Approach to Mispronunciation Detection and Diagnosis with Acoustic, Phonetic and Linguistic (APL) Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07274.pdf)
>  Many mispronunciation detection and diagnosis (MD&amp;D) research approaches try to exploit both the acoustic and linguistic features as input. Yet the improvement of the performance is limited, partially due to the shortage of large amount annotated training data at the phoneme level. Phonetic embeddings, extracted from ASR models trained with huge amount of word level annotations, can serve as a good representation of the content of input speech, in a noise-robust and speaker-independent manner. These embeddings, when used as implicit phonetic supplementary information, can alleviate the data shortage of explicit phoneme annotations. We propose to utilize Acoustic, Phonetic and Linguistic (APL) embedding features jointly for building a more powerful MD\&amp;D system. Experimental results obtained on the L2-ARCTIC database show the proposed approach outperforms the baseline by 9.93%, 10.13% and 6.17% on the detection accuracy, diagnosis error rate and the F-measure, respectively.      
### 57.Control-oriented Modeling of Bend Propagation in an Octopus Arm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07211.pdf)
>  Bend propagation in an octopus arm refers to a stereotypical maneuver whereby an octopus pushes a bend (localized region of large curvature) from the base to the tip of the arm. Bend propagation arises from the complex interplay between mechanics of the flexible arm, forces generated by internal muscles, and environmental effects (buoyancy and drag) from of the surrounding fluid. In part due to this complexity, much of prior modeling and analysis work has relied on the use of high dimensional computational models. The contribution of this paper is to present a control-oriented reduced order model based upon a novel parametrization of the curvature of the octopus arm. The parametrization is motivated by the experimental results. The reduced order model is related to and derived from a computational model which is also presented. The results from the two sets of models are compared using numerical simulations which is shown to lead to useful qualitative insights into bend propagation. A comparison between the reduced order model and experimental data is also reported.      
### 58.Improve Cross-lingual Voice Cloning Using Low-quality Code-switched Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07210.pdf)
>  Recently, sequence-to-sequence (seq-to-seq) models have been successfully applied in text-to-speech (TTS) to synthesize speech for single-language text. To synthesize speech for multiple languages usually requires multi-lingual speech from the target speaker. However, it is both laborious and expensive to collect high-quality multi-lingual TTS data for the target speakers. In this paper, we proposed to use low-quality code-switched found data from the non-target speakers to achieve cross-lingual voice cloning for the target speakers. Experiments show that our proposed method can generate high-quality code-switched speech in the target voices in terms of both naturalness and speaker consistency. More importantly, we find that our method can achieve a comparable result to the state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance in cross-lingual voice cloning.      
### 59.Revisiting IPA-based Cross-lingual Text-to-speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07187.pdf)
>  International Phonetic Alphabet (IPA) has been widely used in cross-lingual text-to-speech (TTS) to achieve cross-lingual voice cloning (CL VC). However, IPA itself has been understudied in cross-lingual TTS. In this paper, we report some empirical findings of building a cross-lingual TTS model using IPA as inputs. Experiments show that the way to process the IPA and suprasegmental sequence has a negligible impact on the CL VC performance. Furthermore, we find that using a dataset including one speaker per language to build an IPA-based TTS system would fail CL VC since the language-unique IPA and tone/stress symbols could leak the speaker information. In addition, we experiment with different combinations of speakers in the training dataset to further investigate the effect of the number of speakers on the CL VC performance.      
### 60.Monitoring the Mental State of Cooperativeness for Guiding an Elderly Person in Sit-to-Stand Assistance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07127.pdf)
>  In providing physical assistance to elderly people, ensuring cooperative behavior from the elderly persons is a critical requirement. In sit-to-stand assistance, for example, an older adult must lean forward, so that the body mass can shift towards the feet before a caregiver starts lifting the body. An experienced caregiver guides the older adult through verbal communications and physical interactions, so that the older adult may be cooperative throughout the process. This guidance is of paramount importance and is a major challenge in introducing a robotic aid to the eldercare environment. The wide-scope goal of the current work is to develop an intelligent eldercare robot that can a) monitor the mental state of an older adult, and b) guide the older adult through an assisting procedure so that he/she can be cooperative in being assisted. The current work presents a basic modeling framework for describing a human's physical behaviors reflecting an internal mental state, and an algorithm for estimating the mental state through interactive observations. The sit-to-stand assistance problem is considered for the initial study. A simple Kalman Filter is constructed for estimating the level of cooperativeness in response to applied cues, with a thresholding scheme being used to make judgments on the cooperativeness state.      
### 61.On the Sample Complexity of Decentralized Linear Quadratic Regulator with Partially Nested Information Structure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07112.pdf)
>  We study the problem of control policy design for decentralized state-feedback linear quadratic control with a partially nested information structure, when the system model is unknown. We propose a model-based learning solution, which consists of two steps. First, we estimate the unknown system model from a single system trajectory of finite length, using least squares estimation. Next, based on the estimated system model, we design a control policy that satisfies the desired information structure. We show that the suboptimality gap between our control policy and the optimal decentralized control policy (designed using accurate knowledge of the system model) scales linearly with the estimation error of the system model. Using this result, we provide an end-to-end sample complexity result for learning decentralized controllers for a linear quadratic control problem with a partially nested information structure.      
### 62.A Novel Traffic Simulation Framework for Testing Autonomous Vehicles Using SUMO and CARLA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07111.pdf)
>  Traffic simulation is an efficient and cost-effective way to test Autonomous Vehicles (AVs) in a complex and dynamic environment. Numerous studies have been conducted for AV evaluation using traffic simulation over the past decades. However, the current simulation environments fall behind on two fronts -- the background vehicles (BVs) fail to simulate naturalistic driving behavior and the existing environments do not test the entire pipeline in a modular fashion. This study aims to propose a simulation framework that creates a complex and naturalistic traffic environment. Specifically, we combine a modified version of the Simulation of Urban MObility (SUMO) simulator with the Cars Learning to Act (CARLA) simulator to generate a simulation environment that could emulate the complexities of the external environment while providing realistic sensor outputs to the AV pipeline. In a past research work, we created an open-source Python package called SUMO-Gym which generates a realistic road network and naturalistic traffic through SUMO and combines that with OpenAI Gym to provide ease of use for the end user. We propose to extend our developed software by adding CARLA, which in turn will enrich the perception of the ego vehicle by providing realistic sensors outputs of the AVs surrounding environment. Using the proposed framework, AVs perception, planning, and control could be tested in a complex and realistic driving environment. The performance of the proposed framework in constructing output generation and AV evaluations are demonstrated using several case studies.      
### 63.Integrated Path Planning and Tracking Control of Marine Current Turbine in Uncertain Ocean Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07105.pdf)
>  This paper presents an integrated path planning and tracking control of marine hydrokinetic energy harvesting devices. To address the highly nonlinear and uncertain oceanic environment, the path planner is designed based on a reinforcement learning (RL) approach by fully exploring the historical ocean current profiles. The planner will search for a path to optimize a chosen cost criterion, such as maximizing the total harvested energy for a given time. Model predictive control (MPC) is then utilized to design the tracking control for the optimal path command from the planner subject to problem constraints. The planner and the tracking control are accommodated in an integrated framework to optimize these two parts in a real-time manner. The proposed approach is validated on a marine current turbine (MCT) that executes vertical waypoint path searching to maximize the net power due to spatiotemporal uncertainties in the ocean environment, as well as the path following via an MPC tracking controller to navigate the MCT to the optimal path. Results demonstrate that the path planning increases harnessed power compared to the baseline (i.e., maintaining MCT at an equilibrium depth), and the tracking controller can successfully follow the reference path under different shear profiles.      
### 64.Offline Reinforcement Learning for Autonomous Driving with Safety and Exploration Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07067.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a powerful data-driven control method that has been largely explored in autonomous driving tasks. However, conventional RL approaches learn control policies through trial-and-error interactions with the environment and therefore may cause disastrous consequences such as collisions when testing in real traffic. Offline RL has recently emerged as a promising framework to learn effective policies from previously-collected, static datasets without the requirement of active interactions, making it especially appealing for autonomous driving applications. Despite promising, existing offline RL algorithms such as Batch-Constrained deep Q-learning (BCQ) generally lead to rather conservative policies with limited exploration efficiency. To address such issues, this paper presents an enhanced BCQ algorithm by employing a learnable parameter noise scheme in the perturbation model to increase the diversity of observed actions. In addition, a Lyapunov-based safety enhancement strategy is incorporated to constrain the explorable state space within a safe region. Experimental results in highway and parking traffic scenarios show that our approach outperforms the conventional RL method, as well as the state-of-the-art offline RL algorithms.      
### 65.Comparison of SVD and factorized TDNN approaches for speech to text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07027.pdf)
>  This work concentrates on reducing the RTF and word error rate of a hybrid HMM-DNN. Our baseline system uses an architecture with TDNN and LSTM layers. We find this architecture particularly useful for lightly reverberated environments. However, these models tend to demand more computation than is desirable. In this work, we explore alternate architectures employing singular value decomposition (SVD) is applied to the TDNN layers to reduce the RTF, as well as to the affine transforms of every LSTM cell. We compare this approach with specifying bottleneck layers similar to those introduced by SVD before training. Additionally, we reduced the search space of the decoding graph to make it a better fit to operate in real-time applications. We report -61.57% relative reduction in RTF and almost 1% relative decrease in WER for our architecture trained on Fisher data along with reverberated versions of this dataset in order to match one of our target test distributions.      
### 66.The Design and Simulation of Biomimetic Fish Robot for Aquatic Creature Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07019.pdf)
>  In the application of underwater creature study, comparing with propeller-powered ROVs and servo motor actuated robotic fish, novel biomimetic fish robot designs with soft actuation structure could interact with aquatic creatures closely and record authentic habitats and behaviours. This final project report presents the detailed design process of a hydraulic soft actuator powered robotic fish for aquatic creature study capable of swimming along the 3D trajectory. The robotic fish is designed based on the analysis of the pro and cons of existing designs. Except for the mechanical and electronic designs and manufacturing method of crucial components, a simplified open-loop control algorithm was designed to check the functionality of the application board and microcontroller in the Proteus simulation environment. As the key component of the robotic fish, Finite Element Method (FEM) simulations were conducted to visualise the soft actuator's deformation under different pressure to validate the design. Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD) simulations were also conducted to improve the hydrodynamic efficiency of the shape of robotic fish. Although physical manufacturing is impossible due to the pandemic, the simulations show overall good performance in terms of control, actuation, and hydrodynamic efficiency.      
### 67.An MILP-based approach to tree partitioning with minimal power flow disruption and generator coherency constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.07000.pdf)
>  Tree partitioning has recently been proposed in the power systems literature as a less severe alternative to controlled islanding. In this paper, we formulate an optimization problem to tree partition a network with minimal power flow disruption and generator coherency constraints. We propose a single-stage MILP formulation to compute optimal solutions. Numerical experiments show that our MILP-based approach drastically decreases the power flow disruption when compared to an earlier proposed two-stage approach based on spectral clustering. Moreover, using a search space reduction procedure based on the Steiner Tree problem, the MILP-based approach computes near-optimal tree partitions in sub-second time for instances up to 500 buses.      
### 68.Study of positional encoding approaches for Audio Spectrogram Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06999.pdf)
>  Transformers have revolutionized the world of deep learning, specially in the field of natural language processing. Recently, the Audio Spectrogram Transformer (AST) was proposed for audio classification, leading to state of the art results in several datasets. However, in order for ASTs to outperform CNNs, pretraining with ImageNet is needed. In this paper, we study one component of the AST, the positional encoding, and propose several variants to improve the performance of ASTs trained from scratch, without ImageNet pretraining. Our best model, which incorporates conditional positional encodings, significantly improves performance on Audioset and ESC-50 compared to the original AST.      
### 69.Refining bridge-block decompositions through two-stage and recursive tree partitioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06998.pdf)
>  In transmission networks power flows and network topology are deeply intertwined due to power flow physics. Recent literature shows that specific network substructures named bridge-blocks prevent line failures from propagating globally. A two-stage and recursive tree partitioning approach have been proposed to create more bridge-blocks in transmission networks, improving their robustness against cascading line failures. In this paper we consider the problem of refining the bridge-block decomposition of a given power network with minimal impact on the maximum congestion. We propose two new solution methods, depending on the preferred power flow model. More specifically, (i) we introduce a novel MILP-based approach that uses the DC approximation to solve more efficiently the second-stage optimization problem of the two-stage approach and (ii) we show how the existing recursive approach can be extended to work with AC power flows, drastically improving the running times when compared to the pre-existing AC-based two-stage method.      
### 70.A Novel Clustering-Based Algorithm for Continuous and Non-invasive Cuff-Less Blood Pressure Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06996.pdf)
>  Continuous blood pressure (BP) measurements can reflect a bodys response to diseases and serve as a predictor of cardiovascular and other health conditions. While current cuff-based BP measurement methods are incapable of providing continuous BP readings, invasive BP monitoring methods also tend to cause patient dissatisfaction and can potentially cause infection. In this research, we developed a method for estimating blood pressure based on the features extracted from Electrocardiogram (ECG) and Photoplethysmogram (PPG) signals and the Arterial Blood Pressure (ABP) data. The vector of features extracted from the preprocessed ECG and PPG signals is used in this approach, which include Pulse Transit Time (PTT), PPG Intensity Ratio (PIR), and Heart Rate (HR), as the input of a clustering algorithm and then developing separate regression models like Random Forest Regression, Gradient Boosting Regression, and Multilayer Perceptron Regression algorithms for each resulting cluster. We evaluated and compared the findings to create the model with the highest accuracy by applying the clustering approach and identifying the optimal number of clusters, and eventually the acceptable prediction model. The paper compares the results obtained with and without this clustering. The results show that the proposed clustering approach helps obtain more accurate estimates of Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP) and Diastolic Blood Pressure (DBP). Given the inconsistency, high dispersion, and multitude of trends in the datasets for different features, using the clustering approach improved the estimation accuracy by 50-60%.      
