# ArXiv eess --Thu, 14 Oct 2021
### 1.Dominant Mixed Feedback Design for Stable Oscillations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06900.pdf)
>  We present a design framework to induce stable oscillations through mixed feedback control. We provide conditions on the feedback gain and on the balance between positive and negative feedback contributions to guarantee robust oscillations. Using linear matrix inequalities, we later derive a systematic design for robustness to bounded dynamic uncertainties and for passive interconnections. The results of the paper provide a system-theoretic justification to several observations from system biology and neuroscience pointing at the mixed feedback as a fundamental enabler for robust oscillations. Our results are illustrated through a distributed electrical circuit mimicking (simplified) neural dynamics.      
### 2.Exploring the Importance of F0 Trajectories for Speaker Anonymization using X-vectors and Neural Waveform Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06887.pdf)
>  Voice conversion for speaker anonymization is an emerging field in speech processing research. Many state-of-the-art approaches are based on the resynthesis of the phoneme posteriorgrams (PPG), the fundamental frequency (F0) of the input signal together with modified X-vectors. Our research focuses on the role of F0 for speaker anonymization, which is an understudied area. Utilizing the VoicePrivacy Challenge 2020 framework and its datasets we developed and evaluated eight low-complexity F0 modifications prior resynthesis. We found that modifying the F0 can improve speaker anonymization by as much as 8% with minor word-error rate degradation.      
### 3.A Deep Learning Approach to Location- and Orientation-aided 3D Beam Selection for mmWave Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06859.pdf)
>  Position-aided beam selection methods have been shown to be an effective approach to achieve high beamforming gain while limiting the overhead and latency of initial access in millimeter wave (mmWave) communications. Most research in the area, however, has focused on vehicular applications, where the orientation of the user terminal (UT) is mostly fixed at each position of the environment. This paper proposes a location- and orientation-based beam selection method to enable context information (CI)-based beam alignment in applications where the UT can take arbitrary orientation at each location. We propose three different network structures, with different amounts of trainable parameters that can be used with different training dataset sizes. A professional 3-dimensional ray tracing tool is used to generate datasets for an IEEE standard indoor scenario. Numerical results show the proposed networks outperform a CI-aided benchmark such as the generalized inverse fingerprinting (GIFP) method as well as hierarchical beam search as a non-CI-based approach. Moreover, compared to the GIFP method, the proposed deep learning-based beam selection shows higher robustness to different line-of-sight blockage probability in the training and test datasets and lower sensitivity to inaccuracies in the position and orientation information.      
### 4.Adapting to Dynamic LEO-B5G Systems: Meta-Critic Learning Based Efficient Resource Scheduling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06787.pdf)
>  Low earth orbit (LEO) satellite-assisted communications have been considered as one of key elements in beyond 5G systems to provide wide coverage and cost-efficient data services. Such dynamic space-terrestrial topologies impose exponential increase in the degrees of freedom in network management. In this paper, we address two practical issues for an over-loaded LEO-terrestrial system. The first challenge is how to efficiently schedule resources to serve the massive number of connected users, such that more data and users can be delivered/served. The second challenge is how to make the algorithmic solution more resilient in adapting to dynamic wireless <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://environments.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> address them, we first propose an iterative suboptimal algorithm to provide an offline benchmark. To adapt to unforeseen variations, we propose an enhanced meta-critic learning algorithm (EMCL), where a hybrid neural network for parameterization and the Wolpertinger policy for action mapping are designed in EMCL. The results demonstrate EMCL's effectiveness and fast-response capabilities in over-loaded systems and in adapting to dynamic environments compare to previous actor-critic and meta-learning methods.      
### 5.Revisiting Speech Content Privacy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06760.pdf)
>  In this paper, we discuss an important aspect of speech privacy: protecting spoken content. New capabilities from the field of machine learning provide a unique and timely opportunity to revisit speech content protection. There are many different applications of content privacy, even though this area has been under-explored in speech technology research. This paper presents several scenarios that indicate a need for speech content privacy even as the specific techniques to achieve content privacy may necessarily vary. Our discussion includes several different types of content privacy including recoverable and non-recoverable content. Finally, we introduce evaluation strategies as well as describe some of the difficulties that may be encountered.      
### 6.Transform and Bitstream Domain Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06740.pdf)
>  Classification of images within the compressed domain offers significant benefits. These benefits include reduced memory and computational requirements of a classification system. This paper proposes two such methods as a proof of concept: The first classifies within the JPEG image transform domain (i.e. DCT transform data); the second classifies the JPEG compressed binary bitstream directly. These two methods are implemented using Residual Network CNNs and an adapted Vision Transformer. Top-1 accuracy of approximately 70% and 60% were achieved using these methods respectively when classifying the Caltech C101 database. Although these results are significantly behind the state of the art for classification for this database (~95%), it illustrates the first time direct bitstream image classification has been achieved. This work confirms that direct bitstream image classification is possible and could be utilised in a first pass database screening of a raw bitstream (within a wired or wireless network) or where computational, memory and bandwidth requirements are severely restricted.      
### 7.On Networks Over Finite Rings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06724.pdf)
>  A (control) network over a finite ring is proposed. Using semi-tensor product (STP) of matrices, a set of algebraic equations are provided to verify whether a finite set with two binary operators is a ring. It is then shown that the STP-based technique developed for logical (control) networks are applicable to (control) networks over finite rings. The sub-(control) network over an ideal of the bearing ring is revealed. Then the product ring is proposed and the (control) network over product ring is investigated. As a key result, the decomposition theorem, called the Decomposition Principle (DP), is proposed, which shows a (control) network over a product ring is decomposable into sub-(control)networks over each factor rings, which makes the (control) properties of a network can be revealed by its factor sub-networks over factor rings. Using DP, the control problems of a control network are investigated via its sub control networks. Particularly, using DP, the control of linear networks over product rings is discussed in detail. Finally, the representation theorem is presented, which shows that each (control) network over a finite set can be expressed as a (control) network over a product ring.      
### 8.Diverse Audio Captioning via Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06691.pdf)
>  Audio captioning aims at generating natural language descriptions for audio clips automatically. Existing audio captioning models have shown promising improvement in recent years. However, these models are mostly trained via maximum likelihood estimation (MLE),which tends to make captions generic, simple and deterministic. As different people may describe an audio clip from different aspects using distinct words and grammars, we argue that an audio captioning system should have the ability to generate diverse captions for a fixed audio clip and across similar audio clips. To address this problem, we propose an adversarial training framework for audio captioning based on a conditional generative adversarial network (C-GAN), which aims at improving the naturalness and diversity of generated captions. Unlike processing data of continuous values in a classical GAN, a sentence is composed of discrete tokens and the discrete sampling process is non-differentiable. To address this issue, policy gradient, a reinforcement learning technique, is used to back-propagate the reward to the generator. The results show that our proposed model can generate more diverse captions, as compared to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 9.Dictionary Learning with Convex Update (ROMD)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06641.pdf)
>  Dictionary learning aims to find a dictionary under which the training data can be sparsely represented, and it is usually achieved by iteratively applying two stages: sparse coding and dictionary update. Typical methods for dictionary update focuses on refining both dictionary atoms and their corresponding sparse coefficients by using the sparsity patterns obtained from sparse coding stage, and hence it is a non-convex bilinear inverse problem. In this paper, we propose a Rank-One Matrix Decomposition (ROMD) algorithm to recast this challenge into a convex problem by resolving these two variables into a set of rank-one matrices. Different from methods in the literature, ROMD updates the whole dictionary at a time using convex programming. The advantages hence include both convergence guarantees for dictionary update and faster convergence of the whole dictionary learning. The performance of ROMD is compared with other benchmark dictionary learning algorithms. The results show the improvement of ROMD in recovery accuracy, especially in the cases of high sparsity level and fewer observation data.      
### 10.Stepped-frequency DORT Imaging with Singular Value Decomposition for a Single-antenna Ultrawideband Radar in Multi-path Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06605.pdf)
>  Ultrawideband radar is an attractive technology for a variety of applications including security systems. As such, it is essential to develop low-cost systems that produce clear target images. Electromagnetic inverse scattering with time-reversal imaging has been studied for a variety of applications. The time-reversal method, however, uses large-scale antenna arrays, making the system potentially more costly. In this study, we propose an ultrawideband radar imaging algorithm, namely the stepped-frequency DORT algorithm, that uses multi-path scattering for a single antenna. The proposed imaging method is an extension of the conventional DORT method, and uses a frequency-frequency matrix that is suitable for a system with a single antenna. The performance of the proposed method is verified through numerical simulations.      
### 11.Enhanced Sequential Covariance Intersection Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06598.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with the sequential covariance intersection (CI) fusion problem that the fusion result is independent of fusion structure including the fusion order and the number of estimates fused in each sequential fusion. An enhanced sequential CI fusion is first developed to better meet the practical requirements as compared with the existing batch and sequential CI fusion. Meanwhile, it is proved that the enhanced sequential CI fusion ensures the fusion estimate and covariance are unbiased and consistent. Notice that the fusion structure of the enhanced sequential CI fusion is unpredictable in practice, which may have negative impacts on the fusion performance. To this end, a weighting fusion criterion with analytical form is further proposed, and can be depicted by different formulas when choosing different performance indexes. For this criterion, it is proved that the fusion results are not affected by the fusion structure, and thus the fusion performance can be guaranteed. Finally, simulation examples are utilized to demonstrate the effectiveness and advantages of the proposed methods.      
### 12.A Melody-Unsupervision Model for Singing Voice Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06546.pdf)
>  Recent studies in singing voice synthesis have achieved high-quality results leveraging advances in text-to-speech models based on deep neural networks. One of the main issues in training singing voice synthesis models is that they require melody and lyric labels to be temporally aligned with audio data. The temporal alignment is a time-exhausting manual work in preparing for the training data. To address the issue, we propose a melody-unsupervision model that requires only audio-and-lyrics pairs without temporal alignment in training time but generates singing voice audio given a melody and lyrics input in inference time. The proposed model is composed of a phoneme classifier and a singing voice generator jointly trained in an end-to-end manner. The model can be fine-tuned by adjusting the amount of supervision with temporally aligned melody labels. Through experiments in melody-unsupervision and semi-supervision settings, we compare the audio quality of synthesized singing voice. We also show that the proposed model is capable of being trained with speech audio and text labels but can generate singing voice in inference time.      
### 13.Low-Memory End-to-End Training for Iterative Joint Speech Dereverberation and Separation with A Neural Source Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06545.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end framework for training iterative multi-channel joint dereverberation and source separation with a neural source model. We combine the unified dereverberation and separation update equations of ILRMA-T with a deep neural network (DNN) serving as source model. The weights of the model are directly trained by gradient descent with a permutation invariant loss on the output time-domain signals. One drawback of this approach is that backpropagation consumes memory linearly in the number of iterations. This severely limits the number of iterations, channels, or signal lengths that can be used during training. We introduce demixing matrix checkpointing to bypass this problem, a new technique that reduces the total memory cost to that of a single iteration. In experiments, we demonstrate that the introduced framework results in high-performance in terms of conventional speech quality metrics and word error rate. Furthermore, it generalizes to number of channels unseen during training.      
### 14.A Memory-Efficient Learning Framework for SymbolLevel Precoding with Quantized NN Weights  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06542.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a memory-efficient deep neural network (DNN) framework-based symbol level precoding (SLP). We focus on a DNN with realistic finite precision weights and adopt an unsupervised deep learning (DL) based SLP model (SLP-DNet). We apply a stochastic quantization (SQ) technique to obtain its corresponding quantized version called SLP-SQDNet. The proposed scheme offers a scalable performance vs memory tradeoff, by quantizing a scale-able percentage of the DNN weights, and we explore binary and ternary quantizations. Our results show that while SLP-DNet provides near-optimal performance, its quantized versions through SQ yield 3.46x and 2.64x model compression for binary-based and ternary-based SLP-SQDNets, respectively. We also find that our proposals offer 20x and 10x computational complexity reductions compared to SLP optimization-based and SLP-DNet, respectively.      
### 15.Statistical-mechanical analysis of adaptive filter with clipping saturation-type nonlinearity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06517.pdf)
>  Adaptive signal processing is used in broad areas. In most practical adaptive systems, there exists substantial nonlinearity that cannot be neglected. In this paper, we analyze the behaviors of an adaptive system in which the output of the adaptive filter has the clipping saturation-type nonlinearity by a statistical-mechanical method. To represent the macroscopic state of the system, we introduce two macroscopic variables. By considering the limit in which the number of taps of the unknown system and adaptive filter is large, we derive the simultaneous differential equations that describe the system behaviors in the deterministic and closed form. Although the derived simultaneous differential equations cannot be analytically solved, we discuss the dynamical behaviors and steady state of the adaptive system by asymptotic analysis, steady-state analysis, and numerical calculation. As a result, it becomes clear that the saturation value S has the critical value $S_C$ at which the mean-square stability of the adaptive system is lost. That is, when $S&gt;S_C$, both the mean-square error (MSE) and mean-square deviation (MSD) converge, i.e., the adaptive system is mean-square stable. On the other hand, when $S&lt;S_C$, the MSD diverges although the MSE converges, i.e., the adaptive system is not mean-square stable. In the latter case, the converged value of the MSE is a quadratic function of $S$ and does not depend on the step size. Finally, $S_C$ is exactly derived by asymptotic analysis.      
### 16.2D Multi-Class Model for Gray and White Matter Segmentation of the Cervical Spinal Cord at 7T  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06516.pdf)
>  The spinal cord (SC), which conveys information between the brain and the peripheral nervous system, plays a key role in various neurological disorders such as multiple sclerosis (MS) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), in which both gray matter (GM) and white matter (WM) may be impaired. While automated methods for WM/GM segmentation are now largely available, these techniques, developed for conventional systems (3T or lower) do not necessarily perform well on 7T MRI data, which feature finer details, contrasts, but also different artifacts or signal dropout. <br>The primary goal of this study is thus to propose a new deep learning model that allows robust SC/GM multi-class segmentation based on ultra-high resolution 7T T2*-w MR images. The second objective is to highlight the relevance of implementing a specific data augmentation (DA) strategy, in particular to generate a generic model that could be used for multi-center studies at 7T.      
### 17.Control Co-Design for Buoyancy-Controlled MHK Turbine: A Nested Optimization of Geometry and Spatial-Temporal Path Planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06470.pdf)
>  Recent research progress has confirmed that using advanced controls can result in massive increases in energy capture for marine hydrokinetic (MHK) energy systems, including ocean current turbines (OCTs) and wave energy converters (WECs); however, to realize maximum benefits, the controls, power-take-off system, and basic structure of the device must all be co-designed from early stages. This paper presents an OCT turbine control co-design framework, accounting for the plant geometry and spatial-temporal path planning to optimize the performance. Developing a control co-design framework means that it is now possible to evaluate the effects of changing plant geometry on a level playing field when accounting for the OCT plant power optimization. The investigated framework evaluates the key design parameters, including the sizes of the generator, rotor, and variable buoyancy tank in the OCT system, and formulates these parameters' effect on the OCT model and harnessed power through defining a power-to-weight ratio, subject to the design and operational constraints. The control co-design is formulated as a nested optimization problem, where the outer loop optimizes the plant geometry and the inner loop accounts for the spatial-temporal path planning to optimize the harnessed power with respect to the linear model of the OCT system and ocean current uncertainties. Compared with a baseline design, results verify the efficacy of the proposed framework in co-designing an optimal OCT system to gain the maximum power-to-weight ratio.      
### 18.Breaking the Dilemma of Medical Image-to-image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06465.pdf)
>  Supervised Pix2Pix and unsupervised Cycle-consistency are two modes that dominate the field of medical image-to-image translation. However, neither modes are ideal. The Pix2Pix mode has excellent performance. But it requires paired and well pixel-wise aligned images, which may not always be achievable due to respiratory motion or anatomy change between times that paired images are acquired. The Cycle-consistency mode is less stringent with training data and works well on unpaired or misaligned images. But its performance may not be optimal. In order to break the dilemma of the existing modes, we propose a new unsupervised mode called RegGAN for medical image-to-image translation. It is based on the theory of "loss-correction". In RegGAN, the misaligned target images are considered as noisy labels and the generator is trained with an additional registration network to fit the misaligned noise distribution adaptively. The goal is to search for the common optimal solution to both image-to-image translation and registration tasks. We incorporated RegGAN into a few state-of-the-art image-to-image translation methods and demonstrated that RegGAN could be easily combined with these methods to improve their performances. Such as a simple CycleGAN in our mode surpasses latest NICEGAN even though using less network parameters. Based on our results, RegGAN outperformed both Pix2Pix on aligned data and Cycle-consistency on misaligned or unpaired data. RegGAN is insensitive to noises which makes it a better choice for a wide range of scenarios, especially for medical image-to-image translation tasks in which well pixel-wise aligned data are not available      
### 19.Incentive-aware Electric Vehicle Routing Problem: a Bi-level Model and a Joint Solution Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06441.pdf)
>  Fixed pickup and delivery times can strongly limit the performance of freight transportation. Against this backdrop, fleet operators can use compensation mechanisms such as monetary incentives to buy delay time from their customers, in order to improve the fleet efficiency and ultimately minimize the costs of operation. To make the most of such an operational model, the fleet activities and the incentives should be jointly optimized accounting for the customers' reactions. Against this backdrop, this paper presents an incentive-aware electric vehicle routing scheme in which the fleet operator actively provides incentives to the customers in exchange of pickup or delivery time flexibility. Specifically, we first devise a bi-level model whereby the fleet operator optimizes the routes and charging schedules of the fleet jointly with an incentive rate to reimburse the delivery delays experienced by the customers. At the same time, the customers choose the admissible delays by minimizing a monetarily-weighted combination of the delays minus the reimbursement offered by the operator. Second, we tackle the complexity resulting from the bi-level and nonlinear problem structure with an equivalent transformation method, reformulating the problem as a single-level optimization problem that can be solved with standard mixed-integer linear programming algorithms. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our framework via extensive numerical experiments using VRP-REP data from Belgium. Our results show that by jointly optimizing routes and incentives subject to the customers' preferences, the operational costs can be reduced by up to 5%, whilst customers can save more than 30% in total delivery fees.      
### 20.SDR -- Medium Rare with Fast Computations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06440.pdf)
>  We revisit the widely used bss eval metrics for source separation with an eye out for performance. We propose a fast algorithm fixing shortcomings of publicly available implementations. First, we show that the metrics are fully specified by the squared cosine of just two angles between estimate and reference subspaces. Second, large linear systems are involved. However, they are structured, and we apply a fast iterative method based on conjugate gradient descent. The complexity of this step is thus reduced by a factor quadratic in the distortion filter size used in bss eval, usually 512. In experiments, we assess speed and numerical accuracy. Not only is the loss of accuracy due to the approximate solver acceptable for most applications, but the speed-up is up to two orders of magnitude in some, not so extreme, cases. We confirm that our implementation can train neural networks, and find that longer distortion filters may be beneficial.      
### 21.DeepA: A Deep Neural Analyzer For Speech And Singing Vocoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06434.pdf)
>  Conventional vocoders are commonly used as analysis tools to provide interpretable features for downstream tasks such as speech synthesis and voice conversion. They are built under certain assumptions about the signals following signal processing principle, therefore, not easily generalizable to different audio, for example, from speech to singing. In this paper, we propose a deep neural analyzer, denoted as DeepA - a neural vocoder that extracts F0 and timbre/aperiodicity encoding from the input speech that emulate those defined in conventional vocoders. Therefore, the resulting parameters are more interpretable than other latent neural representations. At the same time, as the deep neural analyzer is learnable, it is expected to be more accurate for signal reconstruction and manipulation, and generalizable from speech to singing. The proposed neural analyzer is built based on a variational autoencoder (VAE) architecture. We show that DeepA improves F0 estimation over the conventional vocoder (WORLD). To our best knowledge, this is the first study dedicated to the development of a neural framework for extracting learnable vocoder-like parameters.      
### 22.All-neural beamformer for continuous speech separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06428.pdf)
>  Continuous speech separation (CSS) aims to separate overlapping voices from a continuous influx of conversational audio containing an unknown number of utterances spoken by an unknown number of speakers. A common application scenario is transcribing a meeting conversation recorded by a microphone array. Prior studies explored various deep learning models for time-frequency mask estimation, followed by a minimum variance distortionless response (MVDR) filter to improve the automatic speech recognition (ASR) accuracy. The performance of these methods is fundamentally upper-bounded by MVDR's spatial selectivity. Recently, the all deep learning MVDR (ADL-MVDR) model was proposed for neural beamforming and demonstrated superior performance in a target speech extraction task using pre-segmented input. In this paper, we further adapt ADL-MVDR to the CSS task with several enhancements to enable end-to-end neural beamforming. The proposed system achieves significant word error rate reduction over a baseline spectral masking system on the LibriCSS dataset. Moreover, the proposed neural beamformer is shown to be comparable to a state-of-the-art MVDR-based system in real meeting transcription tasks, including AMI, while showing potentials to further simplify the runtime implementation and reduce the system latency with frame-wise processing.      
### 23.On the Behaviour of Under-tuned Super-Twisting Sliding Mode Control Loops  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06423.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the stability properties and performance of super-twisting sliding-mode control loops subject to periodic perturbations. Although there exist conditions on the control gains that guarantee finite-time stability of the closed-loop system, such conditions are often too restrictive from a practical standpoint, especially in relation to actuator limitations and induced chatter. Using regularisation and averaging theory, it is proven that under milder conditions for the control gains, the trajectories of the periodically perturbed closed-loop system converge to a stable limit cycle of the same period containing the origin. Additionally, guidelines for selecting the controller gains are provided based on bounds of the closed-loop system states. Finally, the theoretical findings are validated through simulations.      
### 24.Stabilizing Dynamical Systems via Policy Gradient Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06418.pdf)
>  Stabilizing an unknown control system is one of the most fundamental problems in control systems engineering. In this paper, we provide a simple, model-free algorithm for stabilizing fully observed dynamical systems. While model-free methods have become increasingly popular in practice due to their simplicity and flexibility, stabilization via direct policy search has received surprisingly little attention. Our algorithm proceeds by solving a series of discounted LQR problems, where the discount factor is gradually increased. We prove that this method efficiently recovers a stabilizing controller for linear systems, and for smooth, nonlinear systems within a neighborhood of their equilibria. Our approach overcomes a significant limitation of prior work, namely the need for a pre-given stabilizing control policy. We empirically evaluate the effectiveness of our approach on common control benchmarks.      
### 25.A Teacher-Student Framework with Fourier Augmentation for COVID-19 Infection Segmentation in CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06411.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of infected regions in computed tomography (CT) images is necessary for the initial diagnosis of COVID-19. Deep-learning-based methods have the potential to automate this task but require a large amount of data with pixel-level annotations. Training a deep network with annotated lung cancer CT images, which are easier to obtain, can alleviate this problem to some extent. However, this approach may suffer from a reduction in performance when applied to unseen COVID-19 images during the testing phase due to the domain shift. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised method for COVID-19 infection segmentation that aims to learn the domain-invariant features from lung cancer and COVID-19 images to improve the generalization ability of the segmentation network for use with COVID-19 CT images. To overcome the intensity shift, our method first transforms annotated lung cancer data into the style of unlabeled COVID-19 data using an effective augmentation approach via a Fourier transform. Furthermore, to reduce the distribution shift, we design a teacher-student network to learn rotation-invariant features for segmentation. Experiments demonstrate that even without getting access to the annotations of COVID-19 CT during training, the proposed network can achieve a state-of-the-art segmentation performance on COVID-19 images.      
### 26.An Analytical Study of a Two-Sided Mobility Game  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06403.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a mobility system of travelers and providers, and propose a ``mobility game" to study when a traveler is matched to a provider. Each traveler seeks to travel using the services of only one provider, who manages one specific mode of transportation (car, bus, train, bike). The services of each provider are capacitated and can serve up to a fixed number of travelers at any instant of time. Thus, our problem falls under the category of many-to-one assignment problems, where the goal is to find the conditions that guarantee the stability of assignments. We formulate a linear program of maximizing the social welfare of travelers and providers and show how it is equivalent to the original problem and relate its solutions to stable assignments. We also investigate our results under informational asymmetry and provide a ``mechanism" that elicits the information of travelers and providers. Finally, we investigate and validate the advantages of our method by providing a numerical simulation example.      
### 27.CyTran: Cycle-Consistent Transformers for Non-Contrast to Contrast CT Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06400.pdf)
>  We propose a novel approach to translate unpaired contrast computed tomography (CT) scans to non-contrast CT scans and the other way around. Solving this task has two important applications: (i) to automatically generate contrast CT scans for patients for whom injecting contrast substance is not an option, and (ii) to enhance alignment between contrast and non-contrast CT by reducing the differences induced by the contrast substance before registration. Our approach is based on cycle-consistent generative adversarial convolutional transformers, for short, CyTran. Our neural model can be trained on unpaired images, due to the integration of a cycle-consistency loss. To deal with high-resolution images, we design a hybrid architecture based on convolutional and multi-head attention layers. In addition, we introduce a novel data set, Coltea-Lung-CT-100W, containing 3D triphasic lung CT scans (with a total of 37,290 images) collected from 100 female patients. Each scan contains three phases (non-contrast, early portal venous, and late arterial), allowing us to perform experiments to compare our novel approach with state-of-the-art methods for image style transfer. Our empirical results show that CyTran outperforms all competing methods. Moreover, we show that CyTran can be employed as a preliminary step to improve a state-of-the-art medical image alignment method. We release our novel model and data set as open source at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ristea/cycle-transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 28.CovXR: Automated Detection of COVID-19 Pneumonia in Chest X-Rays through Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06398.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is the highly contagious illness caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). The standard diagnostic testing procedure for COVID-19 is testing a nasopharyngeal swab for SARS-CoV-2 nucleic acid using a real-time polymerase chain reaction (PCR), which can take multiple days to provide a diagnosis. Another widespread form of testing is rapid antigen testing, which has a low sensitivity compared to PCR, but is favored for its quick diagnosis time of usually 15-30 minutes. Patients who test positive for COVID-19 demonstrate diffuse alveolar damage in 87% of cases. Machine learning has proven to have advantages in image classification problems with radiology. In this work, we introduce CovXR as a machine learning model designed to detect COVID-19 pneumonia in chest X-rays (CXR). CovXR is a convolutional neural network (CNN) trained on over 4,300 chest X-rays. The performance of the model is measured through accuracy, F1 score, sensitivity, and specificity. The model achieves an accuracy of 95.5% and an F1 score of 0.954. The sensitivity is 93.5% and specificity is 97.5%. With accuracy above 95% and F1 score above 0.95, CovXR is highly accurate in predicting COVID-19 pneumonia on CXRs. The model achieves better accuracy than prior work and uses a unique approach to identify COVID-19 pneumonia. CovXR is highly accurate in identifying COVID-19 on CXRs of patients with a PCR confirmed positive diagnosis and provides much faster results than PCR tests.      
### 29.A novel framework based on deep learning and ANOVA feature selection method for diagnosis of COVID-19 cases from chest X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06340.pdf)
>  The new coronavirus (known as COVID-19) was first identified in Wuhan and quickly spread worldwide, wreaking havoc on the economy and people's everyday lives. Fever, cough, sore throat, headache, exhaustion, muscular aches, and difficulty breathing are all typical symptoms of COVID-19. A reliable detection technique is needed to identify affected individuals and care for them in the early stages of COVID-19 and reduce the virus's transmission. The most accessible method for COVID-19 identification is RT-PCR; however, due to its time commitment and false-negative results, alternative options must be sought. Indeed, compared to RT-PCR, chest CT scans and chest X-ray images provide superior results. Because of the scarcity and high cost of CT scan equipment, X-ray images are preferable for screening. In this paper, a pre-trained network, DenseNet169, was employed to extract features from X-ray images. Features were chosen by a feature selection method (ANOVA) to reduce computations and time complexity while overcoming the curse of dimensionality to improve predictive accuracy. Finally, selected features were classified by XGBoost. The ChestX-ray8 dataset, which was employed to train and evaluate the proposed method. This method reached 98.72% accuracy for two-class classification (COVID-19, healthy) and 92% accuracy for three-class classification (COVID-19, healthy, pneumonia).      
### 30.Distributed Kalman Filters for Relative Formation Control of Mobile Agents  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06332.pdf)
>  Formation control (FC) of multi-agent plays a critical role in a wide variety of fields. In the absence of absolute positioning, agents in FC systems rely on relative position measurements with respect to their neighbors. In distributed filter design literature, relative observation models are comparatively unexplored, and in FC literature, uncertainty models are rarely considered. In this article, we aim to bridge the gap between these domains, by exploring distributed filters tailored for relative FC of swarms. We propose statistically robust data models for tracking relative positions of agents in a FC network, and subsequently propose optimal Kalman filters for both centralized and distributed scenarios. Our simulations highlight the benefits of these estimators, and we identify future research directions based on our proposed framework.      
### 31.A Reference Governor for linear systems with polynomial constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06329.pdf)
>  The paper considers the application of reference governors to linear discrete-time systems with constraints given by polynomial inequalities. We propose a novel algorithm to compute the maximal output admissible invariant set in the case of polynomial constraints. The reference governor solves a constrained nonlinear minimization problem at initialization and then uses a bisection algorithm at the subsequent time steps. The effectiveness of the method is demonstrated by two numerical examples.      
### 32.Quadrotor going through a window and landing: An image-based visual servo control approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06328.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of controlling a quadrotor to go through a window and land on a planar target, the landing pad, using an Image-Based Visual Servo (IBVS) controller that relies on sensing information from two on-board cameras and an IMU. The maneuver is divided into two stages: crossing the window and landing on the pad. For the first stage, a control law is proposed that guarantees that the vehicle will not collide with the wall containing the window and will go through the window with non-zero velocity along the direction orthogonal to the window, keeping at all times a safety distance with respect to the window edges. For the landing stage, the proposed control law ensures that the vehicle achieves a smooth touchdown, keeping at all time a positive height above the plane containing the landing pad. For control purposes, the centroid vectors provided by the combination of the spherical image measurements of a collection of landmarks (corners) for both the window and the landing pad are used as position measurement. The translational optical flow relative to the wall, window edges, and landing plane is used as velocity cue. To achieve the proposed objective, no direct measurements nor explicit estimate of position or velocity are required. Simulation and experimental results are provided to illustrate the performance of the presented controller.      
### 33.DQN-based Beamforming for Uplink mmWave Cellular-Connected UAVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06318.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are the emerging vital components of millimeter wave (mmWave) wireless systems. Accurate beam alignment is essential for efficient beam-based mmWave communications of UAVs with base stations (BSs). Conventional beam sweeping approaches often have large overhead due to the high mobility and autonomous operation of UAVs. Learning-based approaches greatly reduce the overhead by leveraging UAV data, like position to identify optimal beam directions. In this paper, we propose a reinforcement learning (RL)-based framework for UAV-BS beam alignment using deep Q-Network (DQN) in a mmWave setting. We consider uplink communications where the UAV hovers around 5G new radio (NR) BS coverage area, with varying channel conditions. The proposed learning framework uses the location information to maximize data rate through the optimal beam-pairs efficiently, upon every communication request from UAV inside the multi-location environment. We compare our proposed framework against the Multi-Armed Bandit (MAB) learning-based approach and the traditional exhaustive approach, respectively, and also analyse the training performance of DQN-based beam alignment over different coverage area requirements and channel conditions. Our results show that the proposed DQN-based beam alignment converges faster and generic for different environmental conditions. The framework can also learn optimal beam alignment comparable to the exhaustive approach in an online manner under real-time conditions.      
### 34.Exploring Wav2vec 2.0 fine-tuning for improved speech emotion recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06309.pdf)
>  While wav2vec 2.0 has been proposed for speech recognition (ASR), it can also be used for speech emotion recognition (SER); its performance can be significantly improved using different fine-tuning strategies. Two baseline methods, vanilla fine-tuning (V-FT) and task adaptive pretraining (TAPT) are first presented. We show that V-FT is able to outperform state-of-the-art models on the IEMOCAP dataset. TAPT, an existing NLP fine-tuning strategy, further improves the performance on SER. We also introduce a novel fine-tuning method termed P-TAPT, which modifies the TAPT objective to learn contextualized emotion representations. Experiments show that P-TAPT performs better than TAPT especially under low-resource settings. Compared to prior works in this literature, our top-line system achieved a 7.4% absolute improvement on unweighted accuracy (UA) over the state-of-the-art performance on IEMOCAP. Our code is publicly available.      
### 35.Fine-grained style control in Transformer-based Text-to-speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06306.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel architecture to realize fine-grained style control on the transformer-based text-to-speech synthesis (TransformerTTS). Specifically, we model the speaking style by extracting a time sequence of local style tokens (LST) from the reference speech. The existing content encoder in TransformerTTS is then replaced by our designed cross-attention blocks for fusion and alignment between content and style. As the fusion is performed along with the skip connection, our cross-attention block provides a good inductive bias to gradually infuse the phoneme representation with a given style. Additionally, we prevent the style embedding from encoding linguistic content by randomly truncating LST during training and using wav2vec 2.0 features. Experiments show that with fine-grained style control, our system performs better in terms of naturalness, intelligibility, and style transferability. Our code and samples are publicly available.      
### 36.Generalized Time Domain Velocity Vector  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06304.pdf)
>  We introduce and analyze Generalized Time Domain Velocity Vector (GTVV), an extension of the previously presented acoustic multipath footprint extracted from the Ambisonic recordings. GTVV is better adapted to adverse acoustic conditions, and enables efficient parameter estimation of multiple plane wave components in the recorded multichannel mixture. Experiments on simulated data confirm the predicted theoretical advantages of these new spatio-temporal features.      
### 37.Switch-based Hybrid Beamforming for Wideband Multi-carrier Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06301.pdf)
>  Switch-based hybrid beamforming (SW-HBF) architectures are promising for realizing massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) communications systems because of their low cost and low power consumption. In this paper, we study the performance of SW-HBF in a wideband multi-carrier MIMO communication system considering the beam squint effect. We aim at designing the switch-based combiner that maximizes the system spectral efficiency (SE). However, the design problem is challenging because the analog combing matrix elements are binary variables. To overcome this, we propose tabu search-based (TS) SW-HBF schemes that can attain near-optimal performance with reasonable computational complexity. Furthermore, we compare the total power consumption and energy efficiency (EE) of the SW-HBF architecture to those of the phase-shifter-based hybrid beamforming (PS-HBF) architecture. Numerical simulations show that the proposed algorithms can efficiently find near-optimal solutions. Moreover, the SW-HBF scheme can significantly mitigate the beam squint effect and is less affected by the number of subcarriers than PS-HBF. It also provides improved SE and EE performance compared to PS-HBF schemes.      
### 38.Toward nonlinear dynamic control over encrypted data for infinite time horizon  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06270.pdf)
>  Recent studies on encrypted control using homomorphic encryption allow secure operation by directly performing computations on encrypted data without decryption. Implementing dynamic controllers on encrypted data presents unique challenges due to limitations on the number of operations on an encrypted message. Hence, it may not be possible to perform the recursive operations for an infinite time horizon. In this note, we demonstrate that it is possible to run a dynamic controller over encrypted data for an infinite time horizon if the output of the controller can be represented as a function of a fixed number of previous inputs and outputs. The presented implementation requires encryption at both input and output of the plant. We identify a class of nonlinear systems that can accommodate the proposed implementation. The closed-loop performance can be guaranteed using the proposed encrypted controller by ensuring that quantization error is made arbitrarily small with appropriate choice of parameters. We show that the proposed method is amenable to linear systems (as a subset of the said nonlinear systems) with performance guarantees.      
### 39.Stacking Integrators Without Sacrificing the Overshoot in Reset Control Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06268.pdf)
>  According to the well-known loop-shaping control design approach, the steady-state precision of control systems can be improved by stacking integrators. However, due to the waterbed effect in linear control systems, such an action will worsen the transient response by increasing overshoot and creating wind-up problems. This paper presents a new architecture for rest control systems that can significantly decrease the overshoot and create a no-overshoot performance even in presence of stacked integrators. The steady-state analysis of the proposed system will also show that improved precision expected due to stacked integrators can be achieved as well. A numerical simulation study is presented to verify the results and the tuning guide presented.      
### 40.Reinforcement Learning for Standards Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06909.pdf)
>  Communications standards are designed via committees of humans holding repeated meetings over months or even years until consensus is achieved. This includes decisions regarding the modulation and coding schemes to be supported over an air interface. We propose a way to "automate" the selection of the set of modulation and coding schemes to be supported over a given air interface and thereby streamline both the standards design process and the ease of extending the standard to support new modulation schemes applicable to new higher-level applications and services. Our scheme involves machine learning, whereby a constructor entity submits proposals to an evaluator entity, which returns a score for the proposal. The constructor employs reinforcement learning to iterate on its submitted proposals until a score is achieved that was previously agreed upon by both constructor and evaluator to be indicative of satisfying the required design criteria (including performance metrics for transmissions over the interface).      
### 41.On Language Model Integration for RNN Transducer based Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06841.pdf)
>  The mismatch between an external language model (LM) and the implicitly learned internal LM (ILM) of RNN-Transducer (RNN-T) can limit the performance of LM integration such as simple shallow fusion. A Bayesian interpretation suggests to remove this sequence prior as ILM correction. In this work, we study various ILM correction-based LM integration methods formulated in a common RNN-T framework. We provide a decoding interpretation on two major reasons for performance improvement with ILM correction, which is further experimentally verified with detailed analysis. We also propose an exact-ILM training framework by extending the proof given in the hybrid autoregressive transducer, which enables a theoretical justification for other ILM approaches. Systematic comparison is conducted for both in-domain and cross-domain evaluation on the Librispeech and TED-LIUM Release 2 corpora, respectively. Our proposed exact-ILM training can further improve the best ILM method.      
### 42.Full-stack Comparison of Channel Models for Networks Above 100 GHz in an Indoor Scenario  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06838.pdf)
>  The Sixth Generation (6G) of mobile networks is expected to use carrier frequencies in the spectrum above 100 GHz, to satisfy the demands for higher data rates and bandwidth of future digital applications. The development of networking solutions at such high frequencies is challenged by the harsh propagation environment, and by the need for directional communications and signal processing at high data rates. A fundamental step in defining and developing wireless networks above 100 GHz is given by an accurate performance evaluation. For simulations, this strongly depends on the accuracy of the modeling of the channel and of the interaction with the higher layers of the stack. This paper introduces the implementation of two recently proposed channel models (based on ray tracing and on a fully stochastic model) for the 140 GHz band for the ns-3 TeraSim module, which enables simulation of macro wireless networks in the sub-terahertz and terahertz spectrum. We also compare the two channel models with full-stack simulations in an indoor scenario, highlighting differences and similarities in how they interact with the protocol stack and antenna model of TeraSim.      
### 43.Using UAVs for vehicle tracking and collision risk assessment at intersections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06775.pdf)
>  Assessing collision risk is a critical challenge to effective traffic safety management. The deployment of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to address this issue has shown much promise, given their wide visual field and movement flexibility. This research demonstrates the application of UAVs and V2X connectivity to track the movement of road users and assess potential collisions at intersections. The study uses videos captured by UAVs. The proposed method combines deep-learning based tracking algorithms and time-to-collision tasks. The results not only provide beneficial information for vehicle's recognition of potential crashes and motion planning but also provided a valuable tool for urban road agencies and safety management engineers.      
### 44.Contact-timing and Trajectory Optimization for 3D Jumping on Quadruped Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06764.pdf)
>  Performing highly agile acrobatic motions with a long flight phase requires perfect timing, high accuracy, and coordination of the whole body motion. To address these challenges, this paper presents a unified timing and trajectory optimization framework for legged robots performing aggressive 3D jumping. In our approach, we firstly utilize an effective optimization framework using simplified rigid body dynamics to solve for contact timings and a reference trajectory of the robot body. The solution of this module is then used to formulate a whole-body trajectory optimization based on the full nonlinear dynamics of the robot. This combination allows us to effectively optimize for contact timings while guaranteeing the accuracy of the jumping trajectory that can be realized in the hardware. We validate the efficiency of the proposed framework on the A1 robot model for various 3D jumping tasks such as double-backflips and double barrel roll off the high altitude of 2m and 0.8m respectively. Experimental validation was also successfully conducted for different 3D jumping motions such as barrel roll from a box or diagonal jumps.      
### 45.A Time Encoding approach to training Spiking Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06735.pdf)
>  While Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs) have been gaining in popularity, it seems that the algorithms used to train them are not powerful enough to solve the same tasks as those tackled by classical Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs). In this paper, we provide an extra tool to help us understand and train SNNs by using theory from the field of time encoding. Time encoding machines (TEMs) can be used to model integrate-and-fire neurons and have well-understood reconstruction properties. We will see how one can take inspiration from the field of TEMs to interpret the spike times of SNNs as constraints on the SNNs' weight matrices. More specifically, we study how to train one-layer SNNs by solving a set of linear constraints, and how to train two-layer SNNs by leveraging the all-or-none and asynchronous properties of the spikes emitted by SNNs. These properties of spikes result in an alternative to backpropagation which is not possible in the case of simultaneous and graded activations as in classical ANNs.      
### 46.Quantum parameter estimation on coherently superposed noisy channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06715.pdf)
>  A generic qubit unitary operator affected by quantum noise is duplicated and inserted in a coherently superposed channel, superposing two paths offered to a probe qubit across the noisy unitary, and driven by a control qubit. A characterization is performed of the transformation realized by the superposed channel on the joint state of the probe-control qubit pair. The superposed channel is then specifically analyzed for the fundamental metrological task of phase estimation on the noisy unitary, with the performance assessed by the Fisher information, classical or quantum. A comparison is made with conventional estimation techniques and also with a quantum switched channel with indefinite causal order recently investigated for a similar task of phase estimation. In the analysis here, a first important observation is that the control qubit of the superposed channel, although it never directly interacts with the unitary being estimated, can nevertheless be measured alone for effective estimation, while discarding the probe qubit that interacts with the unitary. This property is also present with the switched channel but is inaccessible with conventional techniques. The optimal measurement of the control qubit here is characterized in general conditions. A second important observation is that the noise plays an essential role in coupling the control qubit to the unitary, and that the control qubit remains operative for phase estimation at very strong noise, even with a fully depolarizing noise, whereas conventional estimation and the switched channel become inoperative in these conditions. The results extend the analysis of the capabilities of coherently controlled channels which represent novel devices exploitable for quantum signal and information processing.      
### 47.Singer separation for karaoke content generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06707.pdf)
>  Due to the rapid development of deep learning, we can now successfully separate singing voice from mono audio music. However, this separation can only extract human voices from other musical instruments, which is undesirable for karaoke content generation applications that only require the separation of lead singers. For this karaoke application, we need to separate the music containing male and female duets into two vocals, or extract a single lead vocal from the music containing vocal harmony. For this reason, we propose in this article to use a singer separation system, which generates karaoke content for one or two separated lead singers. In particular, we introduced three models for the singer separation task and designed an automatic model selection scheme to distinguish how many lead singers are in the song. We also collected a large enough data set, MIR-SingerSeparation, which has been publicly released to advance the frontier of this research. Our singer separation is most suitable for sentimental ballads and can be directly applied to karaoke content generation. As far as we know, this is the first singer-separation work for real-world karaoke applications.      
### 48.iRiSC: Iterative Risk Sensitive Control for Nonlinear Systems with Imperfect Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06700.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of risk-sensitive control for nonlinear systems with imperfect state observations, extending results for the linear case. In particular, we derive an algorithm that can compute local solutions with computational complexity similar to the iterative linear quadratic regulator algorithm. The proposed algorithm introduces feasibility gaps to allow the initialization with non-feasible trajectories. Moreover, an approximation for the expectation of the general nonlinear cost is proposed to enable an iterative line search solution to the planning problem. The optimal estimator is also derived along with the controls minimizing the general stochastic nonlinear cost. Finally extensive simulations are carried out to show the increased robustness the proposed framework provides when compared to the risk neutral iLQG counter part. To the author's best knowledge, this is the first algorithm that computes risk aware optimal controls that are a function of both the process noise and measurement uncertainty.      
### 49.Joint Optimization of Beam-Hopping Design and NOMA-Assisted Transmission for Flexible Satellite Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06694.pdf)
>  Next-generation satellite systems require more flexibility in resource management such that available radio resources can be dynamically allocated to meet time-varying and non-uniform traffic demands. Considering potential benefits of beam hopping (BH) and non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA), we exploit the time-domain flexibility in multi-beam satellite systems by optimizing BH design, and enhance the power-domain flexibility via NOMA. In this paper, we investigate the synergy and mutual influence of beam hopping and NOMA. We jointly optimize power allocation, beam scheduling, and terminal-timeslot assignment to minimize the gap between requested traffic demand and offered capacity. In the solution development, we formally prove the NP-hardness of the optimization problem. Next, we develop a bounding scheme to tightly gauge the global optimum and propose a suboptimal algorithm to enable efficient resource assignment. Numerical results demonstrate the benefits of combining NOMA and BH, and validate the superiority of the proposed BH-NOMA schemes over benchmarks.      
### 50.A Primer on Near-Field Beamforming for Arrays and Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06661.pdf)
>  Wireless communication systems have almost exclusively operated in the far-field of antennas and antenna arrays, which is conventionally characterized by having propagation distances beyond the Fraunhofer distance. This is natural since the Fraunhofer distance is normally only a few wavelengths. With the advent of active arrays and passive reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RIS) that are physically large, it is plausible that the transmitter or receiver is located in between the Fraunhofer distance of the individual array/surface elements and the Fraunhofer distance of the entire array. An RIS then can be configured to reflect the incident waveform towards a point in the radiative near-field of the surface, resulting in a beam with finite depth, or as a conventional angular beam with infinity focus, which only results in amplification in the far-field. To understand when these different options are viable, an accurate characterization of the near-field behaviors is necessary. In this paper, we revisit the motivation and approximations behind the Fraunhofer distance and show that it is not the right metric for determining when near-field focusing is possible. We obtain the distance range where finite-depth beamforming is possible and the distance where the beamforming gain tapers off.      
### 51.Robotic Autonomous Trolley Collection with Progressive Perception and Nonlinear Model Predictive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06648.pdf)
>  Autonomous mobile manipulation robots that can collect trolleys are widely used to liberate human resources and fight epidemics. Most prior robotic trolley collection solutions only detect trolleys with 2D poses or are merely based on specific marks and lack the formal design of planning algorithms. In this paper, we present a novel mobile manipulation system with applications in luggage trolley collection. The proposed system integrates a compact hardware design and a progressive perception and planning framework, enabling the system to efficiently and robustly collect trolleys in dynamic and complex environments. For the perception, we first develop a 3D trolley detection method that combines object detection and keypoint estimation. Then, a docking process in a short distance is achieved with an accurate point cloud plane detection method and a novel manipulator design. On the planning side, we formulate the robot's motion planning under a nonlinear model predictive control framework with control barrier functions to improve obstacle avoidance capabilities while maintaining the target in the sensors' field of view at close distances. We demonstrate our design and framework by deploying the system on actual trolley collection tasks, and their effectiveness and robustness are experimentally validated.      
### 52.End-to-end translation of human neural activity to speech with a dual-dual generative adversarial network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06634.pdf)
>  In a recent study of auditory evoked potential (AEP) based brain-computer interface (BCI), it was shown that, with an encoder-decoder framework, it is possible to translate human neural activity to speech (T-CAS). However, current encoder-decoder-based methods achieve T-CAS often with a two-step method where the information is passed between the encoder and decoder with a shared dimension reduction vector, which may result in a loss of information. A potential approach to this problem is to design an end-to-end method by using a dual generative adversarial network (DualGAN) without dimension reduction of passing information, but it cannot realize one-to-one signal-to-signal translation (see Fig.1 (a) and (b)). In this paper, we propose an end-to-end model to translate human neural activity to speech directly, create a new electroencephalogram (EEG) datasets for participants with good attention by design a device to detect participants' attention, and introduce a dual-dual generative adversarial network (Dual-DualGAN) (see Fig. 1 (c) and (d)) to address an end-to-end translation of human neural activity to speech (ET-CAS) problem by group labelling EEG signals and speech signals, inserting a transition domain to realize cross-domain mapping. In the transition domain, the transition signals are cascaded by the corresponding EEG and speech signals in a certain proportion, which can build bridges for EEG and speech signals without corresponding features, and realize one-to-one cross-domain EEG-to-speech translation. The proposed method can translate word-length and sentence-length sequences of neural activity to speech. Experimental evaluation has been conducted to show that the proposed method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on both words and sentences of auditory stimulus.      
### 53.Detection Software Content Failures Using Dynamic Execution Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06629.pdf)
>  Modern software systems become too complex to be tested and validated. Detecting software partial failures in complex systems at runtime assist to handle software unintended behaviors, avoiding catastrophic software failures and improving software runtime availability. These detection techniques aim to find the manifestation of faults before they finally lead to unavoidable failures, thus supporting following runtime fault tolerant techniques. We review the state of the art articles and find that the content failures account for the majority of all kinds of software failures, but its detection methods are rarely studied. In this work, we propose a novel failure detection indicator based on the software runtime dynamic execution information for software content failures. The runtime information is recorded during software execution, then transformed to a measure named runtime entropy and finally fed into machine learning models. The machine learning models are built to classify the intended and unintended behaviors of the objected software systems. A series of controlled experiments on several open source projects are conducted to prove the feasibility of the method. We also evaluate the accuracy of machine learning models built in this work.      
### 54.One to Multiple Mapping Dual Learning: Learning Multiple Sources from One Mixed Signal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06568.pdf)
>  Single channel blind source separation (SCBSS) refers to separate multiple sources from a mixed signal collected by a single sensor. The existing methods for SCBSS mainly focus on separating two sources and have weak generalization performance. To address these problems, an algorithm is proposed in this paper to separate multiple sources from a mixture by designing a parallel dual generative adversarial Network (PDualGAN) that can build the relationship between a mixture and the corresponding multiple sources to realize one-to-multiple cross-domain mapping. This algorithm can be applied to any mixed model such as linear instantaneous mixed model and convolutional mixed model. Besides, one-to-multiple datasets are created which including the mixtures and corresponding sources for this study. The experiment was carried out on four different datasets and tested with signals mixed in different proportions. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm can achieve high performance in peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) and correlation, which outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 55.Duality Temporal-channel-frequency Attention Enhanced Speaker Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06565.pdf)
>  The use of channel-wise attention in CNN based speaker representation networks has achieved remarkable performance in speaker verification (SV). But these approaches do simple averaging on time and frequency feature maps before channel-wise attention learning and ignore the essential mutual interaction among temporal, channel as well as frequency scales. To address this problem, we propose the Duality Temporal-Channel-Frequency (DTCF) attention to re-calibrate the channel-wise features with aggregation of global context on temporal and frequency dimensions. Specifically, the duality attention - time-channel (T-C) attention as well as frequency-channel (F-C) attention - aims to focus on salient regions along the T-C and F-C feature maps that may have more considerable impact on the global context, leading to more discriminative speaker representations. We evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed DTCF attention on the CN-Celeb and VoxCeleb datasets. On the CN-Celeb evaluation set, the EER/minDCF of ResNet34-DTCF are reduced by 0.63%/0.0718 compared with those of ResNet34-SE. On VoxCeleb1-O, VoxCeleb1-E and VoxCeleb1-H evaluation sets, the EER/minDCF of ResNet34-DTCF achieve 0.36%/0.0263, 0.39%/0.0382 and 0.74%/0.0753 reductions compared with those of ResNet34-SE.      
### 56.Communication-Efficient Online Federated Learning Framework for Nonlinear Regression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06556.pdf)
>  Federated learning (FL) literature typically assumes that each client has a fixed amount of data, which is unrealistic in many practical applications. Some recent works introduced a framework for online FL (Online-Fed) wherein clients perform model learning on streaming data and communicate the model to the server; however, they do not address the associated communication overhead. As a solution, this paper presents a partial-sharing-based online federated learning framework (PSO-Fed) that enables clients to update their local models using continuous streaming data and share only portions of those updated models with the server. During a global iteration of PSO-Fed, non-participant clients have the privilege to update their local models with new data. Here, we consider a global task of kernel regression, where clients use a random Fourier features-based kernel LMS on their data for local learning. We examine the mean convergence of the PSO-Fed for kernel regression. Experimental results show that PSO-Fed can achieve competitive performance with a significantly lower communication overhead than Online-Fed.      
### 57.EIHW-MTG DiCOVA 2021 Challenge System Report  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06543.pdf)
>  This paper aims to automatically detect COVID-19 patients by analysing the acoustic information embedded in coughs. COVID-19 affects the respiratory system, and, consequently, respiratory-related signals have the potential to contain salient information for the task at hand. We focus on analysing the spectrogram representations of coughing samples with the aim to investigate whether COVID-19 alters the frequency content of these signals. Furthermore, this work also assesses the impact of gender in the automatic detection of COVID-19. To extract deep learnt representations of the spectrograms, we compare the performance of a cough-specific, and a Resnet18 pre-trained Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). Additionally, our approach explores the use of contextual attention, so the model can learn to highlight the most relevant deep learnt features extracted by the CNN. We conduct our experiments on the dataset released for the Cough Sound Track of the DiCOVA 2021 Challenge. The best performance on the test set is obtained using the Resnet18 pre-trained CNN with contextual attention, which scored an Area Under the Curve (AUC) of 70.91 at 80% sensitivity.      
### 58.Simple Attention Module based Speaker Verification with Iterative noisy label detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06534.pdf)
>  Recently, the attention mechanism such as squeeze-and-excitation module (SE) and convolutional block attention module (CBAM) has achieved great success in deep learning-based speaker verification system. This paper introduces an alternative effective yet simple one, i.e., simple attention module (SimAM), for speaker verification. The SimAM module is a plug-and-play module without extra modal parameters. In addition, we propose a noisy label detection method to iteratively filter out the data samples with a noisy label from the training data, considering that a large-scale dataset labeled with human annotation or other automated processes may contain noisy labels. Data with the noisy label may over parameterize a deep neural network (DNN) and result in a performance drop due to the memorization effect of the DNN. Experiments are conducted on VoxCeleb dataset. The speaker verification model with SimAM achieves the 0.675% equal error rate (EER) on VoxCeleb1 original test trials. Our proposed iterative noisy label detection method further reduces the EER to 0.643%.      
### 59.Automatic DJ Transitions with Differentiable Audio Effects and Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06525.pdf)
>  A central task of a Disc Jockey (DJ) is to create a mixset of mu-sic with seamless transitions between adjacent tracks. In this paper, we explore a data-driven approach that uses a generative adversarial network to create the song transition by learning from real-world DJ mixes. In particular, the generator of the model uses two differentiable digital signal processing components, an equalizer (EQ) and a fader, to mix two tracks selected by a data generation pipeline. The generator has to set the parameters of the EQs and fader in such away that the resulting mix resembles real mixes created by humanDJ, as judged by the discriminator counterpart. Result of a listening test shows that the model can achieve competitive results compared with a number of baselines.      
### 60.Learning Stable Koopman Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06509.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a new data-driven method for learning stable models of nonlinear systems. Our model lifts the original state space to a higher-dimensional linear manifold using Koopman embeddings. Interestingly, we prove that every discrete-time nonlinear contracting model can be learnt in our framework. Another significant merit of the proposed approach is that it allows for unconstrained optimization over the Koopman embedding and operator jointly while enforcing stability of the model, via a direct parameterization of stable linear systems, greatly simplifying the computations involved. We validate our method on a simulated system and analyze the advantages of our parameterization compared to alternatives.      
### 61.Spatial Data Augmentation with Simulated Room Impulse Responses for Sound Event Localization and Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06501.pdf)
>  Recording and annotating real sound events for a sound event localization and detection (SELD) task is time consuming, and data augmentation techniques are often favored when the amount of data is limited. However, how to augment the spatial information in a dataset, including unlabeled directional interference events, remains an open research question. Furthermore, directional interference events make it difficult to accurately extract spatial characteristics from target sound events. To address this problem, we propose an impulse response simulation framework (IRS) that augments spatial characteristics using simulated room impulse responses (RIR). RIRs corresponding to a microphone array assumed to be placed in various rooms are accurately simulated, and the source signals of the target sound events are extracted from a mixture. The simulated RIRs are then convolved with the extracted source signals to obtain an augmented multi-channel training dataset. Evaluation results obtained using the TAU-NIGENS Spatial Sound Events 2021 dataset show that the IRS contributes to improving the overall SELD performance. Additionally, we conducted an ablation study to discuss the contribution and need for each component within the IRS.      
### 62.Music Source Separation with Deep Equilibrium Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06494.pdf)
>  While deep neural network-based music source separation (MSS) is very effective and achieves high performance, its model size is often a problem for practical deployment. Deep implicit architectures such as deep equilibrium models (DEQ) were recently proposed, which can achieve higher performance than their explicit counterparts with limited depth while keeping the number of parameters small. This makes DEQ also attractive for MSS, especially as it was originally applied to sequential modeling tasks in natural language processing and thus should in principle be also suited for MSS. However, an investigation of a good architecture and training scheme for MSS with DEQ is needed as the characteristics of acoustic signals are different from those of natural language data. Hence, in this paper we propose an architecture and training scheme for MSS with DEQ. Starting with the architecture of Open-Unmix (UMX), we replace its sequence model with DEQ. We refer to our proposed method as DEQ-based UMX (DEQ-UMX). Experimental results show that DEQ-UMX performs better than the original UMX while reducing its number of parameters by 30%.      
### 63.Dual-branch Attention-In-Attention Transformer for single-channel speech enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06467.pdf)
>  Curriculum learning begins to thrive in the speech enhancement area, which decouples the original spectrum estimation task into multiple easier sub-tasks to achieve better performance. Motivated by that, we propose a dual-branch attention-in-attention transformer dubbed DB-AIAT to handle both coarse- and fine-grained regions of the spectrum in parallel. From a complementary perspective, a magnitude masking branch is proposed to coarsely estimate the overall magnitude spectrum, and simultaneously a complex refining branch is elaborately designed to compensate for the missing spectral details and implicitly derive phase information. Within each branch, we propose a novel attention-in-attention transformer-based module to replace the conventional RNNs and temporal convolutional networks for temporal sequence modeling. Specifically, the proposed attention-in-attention transformer consists of adaptive temporal-frequency attention transformer blocks and an adaptive hierarchical attention module, aiming to capture long-term temporal-frequency dependencies and further aggregate global hierarchical contextual information. Experimental results on Voice Bank + DEMAND demonstrate that DB-AIAT yields state-of-the-art performance (e.g., 3.31 PESQ, 94.7% STOI and 10.79dB SSNR) over previous advanced systems with a relatively small model size (2.81M).      
### 64.Passive Phased Array Acoustic Emission Localisation via Recursive Signal-Averaged Lamb Waves with an Applied Warped Frequency Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06457.pdf)
>  This work presents a concept for the localisation of Lamb waves using a Passive Phased Array (PPA). A Warped Frequency Transformation (WFT) is applied to the acquired signals using numerically determined phase velocity information to compensate for signal dispersion. Whilst powerful, uncertainty between material properties cannot completely remove dispersion and hence the close intra-element spacing of the array is leveraged to allow for the assumption that each acquired signal is a scaled, translated, and noised copy of its adjacent counterparts. Following this, a recursive signal-averaging method using artificial time-locking to denoise the acquired signals by assuming the presence of non-correlated, zero mean noise is applied. Unlike the application of bandpass filters, the signal-averaging method does not remove potentially useful frequency components. The proposed methodology is compared against a bandpass filtered approach through a parametric study. A further discussion is made regarding applications and future developments of this technique.      
### 65.Statistical CSI-Based Transmission Design for Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface-aided Massive MIMO Systems with Hardware Impairments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06439.pdf)
>  We consider a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided massive multi-user multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) communication system with transceiver hardware impairments (HWIs) and RIS phase noise. Different from the existing contributions, the phase shifts of the RIS are designed based on the long-term angle informations. Firstly, an approximate analytical expression of the uplink achievable rate is derived. Then, we use genetic algorithm (GA) to maximize the sum rate and the minimum date rate. Finally, we show that it is crucial to take HWIs into account when designing the phase shift of RIS.      
### 66.Enabling Level-4 Autonomous Driving on a Single $1k Off-the-Shelf Card  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06373.pdf)
>  Autonomous driving is of great interest in both research and industry. The high cost has been one of the major roadblocks that slow down the development and adoption of autonomous driving in practice. This paper, for the first-time, shows that it is possible to run level-4 (i.e., fully autonomous driving) software on a single off-the-shelf card (Jetson AGX Xavier) for less than $1k, an order of magnitude less than the state-of-the-art systems, while meeting all the requirements of latency. The success comes from the resolution of some important issues shared by existing practices through a series of measures and innovations. The study overturns the common perceptions of the computing resources required by level-4 autonomous driving, points out a promising path for the industry to lower the cost, and suggests a number of research opportunities for rethinking the architecture, software design, and optimizations of autonomous driving.      
### 67.Data-driven Leak Localization in Water Distribution Networks via Dictionary Learning and Graph-based Interpolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06372.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a data-driven leak localization method for water distribution networks (WDNs) which combines two complementary approaches: graph-based interpolation and dictionary classification. The former estimates the complete WDN hydraulic state (i.e., hydraulic heads) from real measurements at certain nodes and the network graph. Then, these actual measurements, together with a subset of valuable estimated states, are used to feed and train the dictionary learning scheme. Thus, the meshing of these two methods is explored, showing that its performance is superior to either approach alone, even deriving different mechanisms to increase its resilience to classical problems (e.g., dimensionality, interpolation errors, etc.). The approach is validated using the L-TOWN benchmark proposed at BattLeDIM2020.      
### 68.Algorithmic Composition by Autonomous Systems with Multiple Time-Scales  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06371.pdf)
>  Dynamic systems have found their use in sound synthesis as well as score synthesis. These levels can be integrated in monolithic autonomous systems in a novel approach to algorithmic composition that shares certain aesthetic motivations with some work with autonomous music systems, such as the search for emergence. We discuss various strategies for achieving variation on multiple time-scales by using slow-fast, hybrid dynamic systems, and statistical feedback. The ideas are illustrated with a case study.      
### 69.Robust Performance Analysis of Source-Seeking Dynamics with Integral Quadratic Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06369.pdf)
>  We analyze the performance of source-seeking dynamics involving either a single vehicle or multiple flocking-vehicles embedded in an underlying strongly convex scalar field with gradient based forcing terms. For multiple vehicles under flocking dynamics embedded in quadratic fields, we show that the dynamics of the center of mass are equivalent to the dynamics of a single agent. We leverage the recently developed framework of $\alpha$-integral quadratic constraints (IQCs) to obtain convergence rate estimates. We first present a derivation of \textit{hard} Zames-Falb (ZF) $\alpha$-IQCs involving general non-causal multipliers based on purely time-domain arguments and show that a parameterization of the ZF multiplier, suggested in the literature for the standard version of the ZF IQCs, can be adapted to the $\alpha$-IQCs setting to obtain quasi-convex programs for estimating convergence rates. Owing to the time-domain arguments, we can seamlessly extend these results to linear parameter varying (LPV) vehicles possibly opening the doors to non-linear vehicle models with quasi-LPV representations. We illustrate the theoretical results on a linear time invariant (LTI) model of a quadrotor, a non-minimum phase LTI plant and two LPV examples which show a clear benefit of using general non-causal dynamic multipliers to drastically reduce conservatism.      
### 70.Sub-Terahertz Spatial Statistical MIMO Channel Model for Urban Microcells at 142 GHz  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06361.pdf)
>  Sixth generation (6G) cellular systems are expected to extend the operational range to sub-Terahertz (THz) frequencies between 100 and 300 GHz due to the broad unexploited spectrum therein. A proper channel model is needed to accurately describe spatial and temporal channel characteristics and faithfully create channel impulse responses at sub-THz frequencies. This paper studies the channel spatial statistics such as the number of spatial clusters and cluster power distribution based on recent radio propagation measurements conducted at 142 GHz in an urban microcell (UMi) scenario. For the 28 measured locations, we observe one to four spatial clusters at most locations. A detailed spatial statistical multiple input multiple output (MIMO) channel generation procedure is introduced based on the derived empirical channel statistics. We find that beamforming provides better spectral efficiency than spatial multiplexing in the LOS scenario due to the boresight path, and two spatial streams usually offer the highest spectral efficiency at most NLOS locations due to the limited number of spatial clusters.      
### 71.An Annihilating Filter-Based DOA Estimation for Uniform Linear Array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06323.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a new method to design an annihilating filter (AF) for direction-of-arrival (DOA) estimation of multiple snapshots within an uniform linear array. To evaluate the proposed method, we firstly design a DOA estimation using multiple signal classification (MUSIC) algorithm, referred to as the MUSIC baseline. We then compare the proposed method with the MUSIC baseline in two environmental noise conditions: Only white noise, or both white noise and diffusion. The experimental results highlight two main contributions; the first is to modify conventional MUSIC algorithm for adapting different noise conditions, and the second is to propose an AF-based method that shows competitive accuracy of arrival angles detected and low complexity compared with the MUSIC baseline.      
### 72.Tomographic phase and attenuation extraction for a sample composed of unknown materials using X-ray propagation-based phase-contrast imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06284.pdf)
>  Propagation-based phase-contrast X-ray imaging (PB-PCXI) generates image contrast by utilizing sample-imposed phase-shifts. This has proven useful when imaging weakly-attenuating samples, as conventional attenuation-based imaging does not always provide adequate contrast. We present a PB-PCXI algorithm capable of extracting the X-ray attenuation, $\beta$, and refraction, $\delta$, components of the complex refractive index of distinct materials within an unknown sample. The method involves curve-fitting an error-function-based model to a phase-retrieved interface in a PB-PCXI tomographic reconstruction, which is obtained when Paganin-type phase-retrieval is applied with incorrect values of $\delta$ and $\beta$. The fit parameters can then be used to calculate true $\delta$ and $\beta$ values for composite materials. This approach requires no a priori sample information, making it broadly applicable. Our PB-PCXI reconstruction is single distance, requiring only one exposure per tomographic angle, which is important for radiosensitive samples. We apply this approach to a breast-tissue sample, recovering the refraction component, $\delta$, with 0.6 - 2.4\% accuracy compared to theoretical values.      
### 73.S3PRL-VC: Open-source Voice Conversion Framework with Self-supervised Speech Representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06280.pdf)
>  This paper introduces S3PRL-VC, an open-source voice conversion (VC) framework based on the S3PRL toolkit. In the context of recognition-synthesis VC, self-supervised speech representation (S3R) is valuable in its potential to replace the expensive supervised representation adopted by state-of-the-art VC systems. Moreover, we claim that VC is a good probing task for S3R analysis. In this work, we provide a series of in-depth analyses by benchmarking on the two tasks in VCC2020, namely intra-/cross-lingual any-to-one (A2O) VC, as well as an any-to-any (A2A) setting. We also provide comparisons between not only different S3Rs but also top systems in VCC2020 with supervised representations. Systematic objective and subjective evaluation were conducted, and we show that S3R is comparable with VCC2020 top systems in the A2O setting in terms of similarity, and achieves state-of-the-art in S3R-based A2A VC. We believe the extensive analysis, as well as the toolkit itself, contribute to not only the S3R community but also the VC community. The codebase is now open-sourced.      
### 74.Speech Summarization using Restricted Self-Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.06263.pdf)
>  Speech summarization is typically performed by using a cascade of speech recognition and text summarization models. End-to-end modeling of speech summarization models is challenging due to memory and compute constraints arising from long input audio sequences. Recent work in document summarization has inspired methods to reduce the complexity of self-attentions, which enables transformer models to handle long sequences. In this work, we introduce a single model optimized end-to-end for speech summarization. We apply the restricted self-attention technique from text-based models to speech models to address the memory and compute constraints. We demonstrate that the proposed model learns to directly summarize speech for the How-2 corpus of instructional videos. The proposed end-to-end model outperforms the previously proposed cascaded model by 3 points absolute on ROUGE. Further, we consider the spoken language understanding task of predicting concepts from speech inputs and show that the proposed end-to-end model outperforms the cascade model by 4 points absolute F-1.      
