# ArXiv eess --Mon, 8 Nov 2021
### 1.Adaptive Low-Pass Filtering using Sliding Window Gaussian Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03617.pdf)
>  When signals are measured through physical sensors, they are perturbed by noise. To reduce noise, low-pass filters are commonly employed in order to attenuate high frequency components in the incoming signal, regardless if they come from noise or the actual signal. Therefore, low-pass filters must be carefully tuned in order to avoid significant deterioration of the signal. This tuning requires prior knowledge about the signal, which is often not available in applications such as reinforcement learning or learning-based control. In order to overcome this limitation, we propose an adaptive low-pass filter based on Gaussian process regression. By considering a constant window of previous observations, updates and predictions fast enough for real-world filtering applications can be realized. Moreover, the online optimization of hyperparameters leads to an adaptation of the low-pass behavior, such that no prior tuning is necessary. We show that the estimation error of the proposed method is uniformly bounded, and demonstrate the flexibility and efficiency of the approach in several simulations.      
### 2.Hybrid Spectrogram and Waveform Source Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03600.pdf)
>  Source separation models either work on the spectrogram or waveform domain. In this work, we show how to perform end-to-end hybrid source separation, letting the model decide which domain is best suited for each source, and even combining both. The proposed hybrid version of the Demucs architecture won the Music Demixing Challenge 2021 organized by Sony. This architecture also comes with additional improvements, such as compressed residual branches, local attention or singular value regularization. Overall, a 1.4 dB improvement of the Signal-To-Distortion (SDR) was observed across all sources as measured on the MusDB HQ dataset, an improvement confirmed by human subjective evaluation, with an overall quality rated at 2.83 out of 5 (2.36 for the non hybrid Demucs), and absence of contamination at 3.04 (against 2.37 for the non hybrid Demucs and 2.44 for the second ranking model submitted at the competition).      
### 3.System Level Disturbance Reachable Sets and their Application to Tube-based MPC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03564.pdf)
>  Tube-based model predictive control (MPC) methods leverage tubes to bound deviations from a nominal trajectory due to uncertainties in order to ensure constraint satisfaction. This paper presents a novel tube-based MPC formulation based on system level disturbance reachable sets (SL-DRS), which leverage the affine system level parameterization (SLP). We show that imposing a finite impulse response (FIR) constraint on the affine SLP guarantees containment of all future deviations in a finite sequence of SL-DRS. This allows us to formulate a system level tube-MPC (SLTMPC) method using the SL-DRS as tubes, which enables concurrent optimization of the nominal trajectory and the tubes, while using a positively invariant terminal set. Finally, we show that the SL-DRS tubes can also be computed offline.      
### 4.Multivariable Super-Twisting Algorithm for Systems with Uncertain Input Matrix and Perturbations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03535.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a Lyapunov approach to the design of a multivariable generalized Super-Twisting algorithm (MGSTA), which is able to control a system with perturbations and uncertain control matrix, both depending on time and the system states. The presented procedure shows that, under reasonable assumptions for the uncertainties, it is always possible to find a set of constant gains for the MGSTA in order to ensure global and robust finite-time stability of the system's outputs. Simulation results on an omnidirectional mobile robot illustrate the performance of the MGSTA.      
### 5.Snapshot Ptychography on Array cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03517.pdf)
>  We use convolutional neural networks to recover images optically down-sampled by $6.7\times$ using coherent aperture synthesis over a 16 camera array. Where conventional ptychography relies on scanning and oversampling, here we apply decompressive neural estimation to recover full resolution image from a single snapshot, although as shown in simulation multiple snapshots can be used to improve SNR. In place training on experimental measurements eliminates the need to directly calibrate the measurement system. We also present simulations of diverse array camera sampling strategies to explore how snapshot compressive systems might be optimized.      
### 6.Cross Modality 3D Navigation Using Reinforcement Learning and Neural Style Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03485.pdf)
>  This paper presents the use of Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning (MARL) to perform navigation in 3D anatomical volumes from medical imaging. We utilize Neural Style Transfer to create synthetic Computed Tomography (CT) agent gym environments and assess the generalization capabilities of our agents to clinical CT volumes. Our framework does not require any labelled clinical data and integrates easily with several image translation techniques, enabling cross modality applications. Further, we solely condition our agents on 2D slices, breaking grounds for 3D guidance in much more difficult imaging modalities, such as ultrasound imaging. This is an important step towards user guidance during the acquisition of standardised diagnostic view planes, improving diagnostic consistency and facilitating better case comparison.      
### 7.Blind Extraction of Target Speech Source Guided by Supervised Speaker Identification via X-vectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03482.pdf)
>  This manuscript proposes a novel robust procedure for extraction of a speaker of interest (SOI) from a mixture of audio sources. The estimation of the SOI is blind, performed via independent vector extraction. A recently proposed constant separating vector (CSV) model is employed, which improves the estimation of moving sources. The blind algorithm is guided towards the SOI via the frame-wise speaker identification, which is trained in a supervised manner and is independent of a specific scenario. When processing challenging data, an incorrect speaker may be extracted due to limitations of this guidance. To identify such cases, a criterion non-intrusively assessing quality of the estimated SOI is proposed. It utilizes the same model as the speaker identification; no additional training is therefore required. Using this criterion, the ``deflation'' approach to extraction is presented. If an incorrect source is estimated, it is subtracted from the mixture and the extraction of the SOI is performed again from the reduced mixture. The proposed procedure is experimentally tested on both artificial and real-world datasets containing challenging phenomena: source movements, reverberation, transient noise or microphone failures. The presented method is comparable to the state-of-the-art blind algorithms on static mixtures; it is more accurate for mixtures containing source movements. Compared to fully supervised methods, the proposed procedure achieves a lower level of accuracy but requires no scenario-specific data for the training.      
### 8.PerSpeechNorm: A Persian Toolkit for Speech Processing Normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03470.pdf)
>  In general, speech processing models consist of a language model along with an acoustic model. Regardless of the language model's complexity and variants, three critical pre-processing steps are needed in language models: cleaning, normalization, and tokenization. Among mentioned steps, the normalization step is so essential to format unification in pure textual applications. However, for embedded language models in speech processing modules, normalization is not limited to format unification. Moreover, it has to convert each readable symbol, number, etc., to how they are pronounced. To the best of our knowledge, there is no Persian normalization toolkits for embedded language models in speech processing modules, So in this paper, we propose an open-source normalization toolkit for text processing in speech applications. Briefly, we consider different readable Persian text like symbols (common currencies, #, @, URL, etc.), numbers (date, time, phone number, national code, etc.), and so on. Comparison with other available Persian textual normalization tools indicates the superiority of the proposed method in speech processing. Also, comparing the model's performance for one of the proposed functions (sentence separation) with other common natural language libraries such as HAZM and Parsivar indicates the proper performance of the proposed method. Besides, its evaluation of some Persian Wikipedia data confirms the proper performance of the proposed method.      
### 9.Formation Path Following Control of Underactuated AUVs -- With Proofs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03455.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel method for formation path following of multiple underactuated autonomous underwater vehicles. The method combines line-of-sight guidance with null-space-based behavioral control, allowing the vehicles to follow curved paths while maintaining the desired formation. We investigate the dynamics of the path-following error using cascaded systems theory, and show that the closed-loop system is uniformly semi-globally exponentially stable. We validate the theoretical results through numerical simulations.      
### 10.Generalized Radiograph Representation Learning via Cross-supervision between Images and Free-text Radiology Reports  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03452.pdf)
>  Pre-training lays the foundation for recent successes in radiograph analysis supported by deep learning. It learns transferable image representations by conducting large-scale fully-supervised or self-supervised learning on a source domain. However, supervised pre-training requires a complex and labor intensive two-stage human-assisted annotation process while self-supervised learning cannot compete with the supervised paradigm. To tackle these issues, we propose a cross-supervised methodology named REviewing FreE-text Reports for Supervision (REFERS), which acquires free supervision signals from original radiology reports accompanying the radiographs. The proposed approach employs a vision transformer and is designed to learn joint representations from multiple views within every patient study. REFERS outperforms its transfer learning and self-supervised learning counterparts on 4 well-known X-ray datasets under extremely limited supervision. Moreover, REFERS even surpasses methods based on a source domain of radiographs with human-assisted structured labels. Thus REFERS has the potential to replace canonical pre-training methodologies.      
### 11.Harmonic Modeling, Data Generation, and Analysis of Power Electronics-Interfaced Residential Loads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03413.pdf)
>  Integration of electronics-based residential appliances and distributed energy resources in homes is expected to rise with grid decarbonization. These devices may introduce significant harmonics into power networks that need to be closely studied in order to accurately model and forecast load. However, it can be difficult to obtain harmonic-rich voltage and current data -- necessary for identifying accurate load models -- for residential electrical loads. Recognizing this need, first a set of electronics-based end-use loads is identified and modeled in an electromagnetic transients program tool for a residence. Second, an impedance-varying method is proposed to generate harmonic data that captures harmonic propagation to the supply voltage and harmonic interactions among end-use loads connected to the same supply voltage. Third, a harmonic-rich dataset produced via the proposed methodology is demonstrated to successfully identify frequency coupling matrix-based harmonic load models using the least-squares method. Numerical results demonstrate the accuracy of the model. The impact of limited data availability on model identification is also explored.      
### 12.Experimental evaluation of sensor attacks and defense mechanisms in feedback systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03407.pdf)
>  In this work, we evaluate theoretical results on the feasibility of, the worst-case impact of, and defense mechanisms against a stealthy sensor attack in an experimental setup. We demonstrate that for a controller with stable dynamics the stealthy sensor attack is possible to conduct and the theoretical worst-case impact is close to the achieved practical one. However, although the attack should theoretically be possible when the controller has integral action, we show that the integral action slows the attacker down and the attacker is not able to remain stealthy if it has not perfect knowledge of the controller state. In addition to that, we investigate the effect of different anomaly detectors on the attack impact and conclude that the impact under detectors with internal dynamics is smaller. Finally, we use noise injection into the controller dynamics to unveil the otherwise stealthy attacks.      
### 13.A bone suppression model ensemble to improve COVID-19 detection in chest X-rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03404.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is a widely performed radiology examination that helps to detect abnormalities in the tissues and organs in the thoracic cavity. Detecting pulmonary abnormalities like COVID-19 may become difficult due to that they are obscured by the presence of bony structures like the ribs and the clavicles, thereby resulting in screening/diagnostic misinterpretations. Automated bone suppression methods would help suppress these bony structures and increase soft tissue visibility. In this study, we propose to build an ensemble of convolutional neural network models to suppress bones in frontal CXRs, improve classification performance, and reduce interpretation errors related to COVID-19 detection. The ensemble is constructed by (i) measuring the multi-scale structural similarity index (MS-SSIM) score between the sub-blocks of the bone-suppressed image predicted by each of the top-3 performing bone-suppression models and the corresponding sub-blocks of its respective ground truth soft-tissue image, and (ii) performing a majority voting of the MS-SSIM score computed in each sub-block to identify the sub-block with the maximum MS-SSIM score and use it in constructing the final bone-suppressed image. We empirically determine the sub-block size that delivers superior bone suppression performance. It is observed that the bone suppression model ensemble outperformed the individual models in terms of MS-SSIM and other metrics. A CXR modality-specific classification model is retrained and evaluated on the non-bone-suppressed and bone-suppressed images to classify them as showing normal lungs or other COVID-19-like manifestations. We observed that the bone-suppressed model training significantly outperformed the model trained on non-bone-suppressed images toward detecting COVID-19 manifestations.      
### 14.Stress-informed Control of Medium-head Hydropower Plants to Reduce Penstock Fatigue  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03390.pdf)
>  The displacement of conventional generation in favor of stochastic renewable requires increasing regulation duties from the remaining dispatchable resources. In high- and medium-head hydropower plants (HPPs), providing regulation services to the grid and frequently changing the plant's set-point causes water hammer, which engenders pressure and stress transients within the pressurized conduits, especially the penstock, damaging it in the long run. This paper proposes a model predictive control (MPC) that explicitly models the hydraulic transients within the penstock. It achieves to reduce the mechanical loads on the penstock wall, and, consequently, fatigue effectively. Thanks to a suitable linearization of the plant model, the optimization problem underlying the MPC scheme is convex and can be solved with off-the-shelf optimization libraries. The performance of the proposed controller is tested with numerical simulations on a 230MW medium-head HPP with Francis turbine providing primary frequency control. Simulation results show substantially reduced penstock fatigue, existing approaches outperformed, and problem resolution times compatible with real-time control requirements.      
### 15.Versatile Learned Video Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03386.pdf)
>  Learned video compression methods have demonstrated great promise in catching up with traditional video codecs in their rate-distortion (R-D) performance. However, existing learned video compression schemes are limited by the binding of the prediction mode and the fixed network framework. They are unable to support various inter prediction modes and thus inapplicable for various scenarios. In this paper, to break this limitation, we propose a versatile learned video compression (VLVC) framework that uses one model to support all possible prediction modes. Specifically, to realize versatile compression, we first build a motion compensation module that applies multiple 3D motion vector fields (i.e., voxel flows) for weighted trilinear warping in spatial-temporal space. The voxel flows convey the information of temporal reference position that helps to decouple inter prediction modes away from framework designing. Secondly, in case of multiple-reference-frame prediction, we apply a flow prediction module to predict accurate motion trajectories with a unified polynomial function. We show that the flow prediction module can largely reduce the transmission cost of voxel flows. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed VLVC not only supports versatile compression in various settings but also achieves comparable R-D performance with the latest VVC standard in terms of MS-SSIM.      
### 16.Integral state-feedback control of linear time-varying systems: A performance preserving approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03380.pdf)
>  An integral extension of state-feedback controllers for linear time varying plants is proposed, which preserves performance of the nominal controller in the unperturbed case. Similar to time-invariant state feedback with integral action, the controller achieves complete rejection of disturbances, whose effective action on the plant is constant with respect to the control input. Moreover, bounded-input bounded-state stability with respect to arbitrary disturbances is shown. A modification for preventing controller windup and tuning guidelines are discussed, and the efficacy of the proposed technique is demonstrated by means of simulation examples.      
### 17.Segmentation of 2D Brain MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03370.pdf)
>  Brain tumour segmentation is an essential task in medical image processing. Early diagnosis of brain tumours plays a crucial role in improving treatment possibilities and increases the survival rate of the patients. Manual segmentation of the brain tumours for cancer diagnosis, from large number of MRI images, is both a difficult and time-consuming task. There is a need for automatic brain tumour image segmentation. The purpose of this project is to provide an automatic brain tumour segmentation method of MRI images to help locate the tumour accurately and quickly.      
### 18.Hepatic vessel segmentation based on 3Dswin-transformer with inductive biased multi-head self-attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03368.pdf)
>  Purpose: Segmentation of liver vessels from CT images is indispensable prior to surgical planning and aroused broad range of interests in the medical image analysis community. Due to the complex structure and low contrast background, automatic liver vessel segmentation remains particularly challenging. Most of the related researches adopt FCN, U-net, and V-net variants as a backbone. However, these methods mainly focus on capturing multi-scale local features which may produce misclassified voxels due to the convolutional operator's limited locality reception field. <br>Methods: We propose a robust end-to-end vessel segmentation network called Inductive BIased Multi-Head Attention Vessel Net(IBIMHAV-Net) by expanding swin transformer to 3D and employing an effective combination of convolution and self-attention. In practice, we introduce the voxel-wise embedding rather than patch-wise embedding to locate precise liver vessel voxels, and adopt multi-scale convolutional operators to gain local spatial information. On the other hand, we propose the inductive biased multi-head self-attention which learns inductive biased relative positional embedding from initialized absolute position embedding. Based on this, we can gain a more reliable query and key matrix. To validate the generalization of our model, we test on samples which have different structural complexity. <br>Results: We conducted experiments on the 3DIRCADb datasets. The average dice and sensitivity of the four tested cases were 74.8% and 77.5%, which exceed results of existing deep learning methods and improved graph cuts method. <br>Conclusion: The proposed model IBIMHAV-Net provides an automatic, accurate 3D liver vessel segmentation with an interleaved architecture that better utilizes both global and local spatial features in CT volumes. It can be further extended for other clinical data.      
### 19.Stochastic Operation of Energy Constrained Microgrids Considering Battery Degradation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03313.pdf)
>  Power systems with high penetration of variable renewable generation are vulnerable to periods with low generation. An alternative to retain high dispatchable generation capacity is electric energy storage that enables utilization of surplus power, where the electric energy storage contributes to the security of supply. Such systems can be considered as energy-constrained, and the operation of the electric energy storage must balance operating cost minimization and the risk of scarcity. In this matter, operation dependent storage characteristics such as energy storage degradation are a complicating factor. This paper proposes a linear approximation of battery state-of-charge degradation and implements it in a stochastic dual dynamic programming based energy-management model in combination with cycling degradation. The implications of degradation modelling are studied for a small Norwegian microgrid with variable renewable power generation and limited dispatchable generation capacity as well as battery and hydrogen storage to balance supply and demand. Our results show that the proposed strategy can prolong the expected battery lifetime by more than four years compared to the naive stochastic strategy but may cause increased degradation for other system resources. It is also evident that a stochastic strategy is crucial to retain low risk of scarcity in energy-constrained systems.      
### 20.Frequency-Aware Physics-Inspired Degradation Model for Real-World Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03301.pdf)
>  Current learning-based single image super-resolution (SISR) algorithms underperform on real data due to the deviation in the assumed degrada-tion process from that in the real-world scenario. Conventional degradation processes consider applying blur, noise, and downsampling (typicallybicubic downsampling) on high-resolution (HR) images to synthesize low-resolution (LR) counterparts. However, few works on degradation modelling have taken the physical aspects of the optical imaging system intoconsideration. In this paper, we analyze the imaging system optically andexploit the characteristics of the real-world LR-HR pairs in the spatial frequency domain. We formulate a real-world physics-inspired degradationmodel by considering bothopticsandsensordegradation; The physical degradation of an imaging system is modelled as a low-pass filter, whose cut-off frequency is dictated by the object distance, the focal length of thelens, and the pixel size of the image sensor. In particular, we propose to use a convolutional neural network (CNN) to learn the cutoff frequency of real-world degradation process. The learned network is then applied to synthesize LR images from unpaired HR images. The synthetic HR-LR image pairs are later used to train an SISR network. We evaluatethe effectiveness and generalization capability of the proposed degradation model on real-world images captured by different imaging systems. Experimental results showcase that the SISR network trained by using our synthetic data performs favorably against the network using the traditional degradation model. Moreover, our results are comparable to that obtained by the same network trained by using real-world LR-HR pairs, which are challenging to obtain in real scenes.      
### 21.Threat Scenarios and Monitoring Requirements for Cyber-Physical Systems of Energy Flexibility Markets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03300.pdf)
>  The ongoing integration of renewable generation and distributed energy resources introduces new challenges to distribution grid operation. Due to the increasing volatility and uncertainty, distribution system operators are seeking concepts to enable more active management and control. Flexibility markets offer a platform for economically efficient trading of electricity flexibility between distribution system operators and other participants. The integration of cyber, physical and market domains of multiple participants makes flexibility markets a system of cyber-physical systems. While cross-domain integration sets the foundation for efficient deployment of flexibility, it introduces new physical and cyber vulnerabilities to participants. This work provides a systematic overview of threat scenarios for the cyber-physical systems of flexibility markets. Results reveal several remaining security challenges across all domains, that require more attention. Based on the threat scenarios and a novel generic monitoring requirements model, monitoring concepts for secure participation of distribution system operators in flexibility markets are proposed. By highlighting approaches to tackle identified challenges, this work provides new directions for further investigations, and takes important steps towards secure implementation of flexibility markets.      
### 22.A simplified electro-chemical lithium-ion battery model applicable for in-situ monitoring and online controlling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03288.pdf)
>  The penetrations of lithium-ion batteries in transport, energy and communication systems are increasing rapidly. A meticulous model applicable for precise in-situ monitoring and convenient online controlling is in sought to bridge the gap between research and applications. This paper proposes a simplified electro-chemical model and its discrete-time state-space realization derived from the pseudo-two-dimensional model. The solution-phase migration and solid-phase diffusion dynamics with varying parameters are captured and rigorous mathematical expressions of reaction rate distribution and terminal voltage are derived. A simulation framework including initializing, stabilizing and closed-loop correcting schemes with low computation cost are designed. Numeric experiments on different types of batteries in various operating scenarios are conducted for validation.      
### 23.Cooperative Transportation of UAVs Without Inter-UAV Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03283.pdf)
>  A leader-follower system is developed for cooperative transportation. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that inter-UAV communication is not required and the reference trajectory of the payload can be modified in real time, so that it can be applied to a dynamically changing environment. To track the modified reference trajectory in real time under the communication-free condition, the leader-follower system is considered as a nonholonomic system in which a controller is developed for the leader to achieve asymptotic tracking of the payload. To eliminate the need to install force sensors, UKFs (unscented Kalman filters) are developed to estimate the forces applied by the leader and follower. Stability analysis is conducted to prove the tracking error of the closed-loop system. Simulation results demonstrate the good performance of the tracking controller. The experiments show the controllers of the leader and the follower can work in the real world, but the tracking errors were affected by the disturbance of airflow in a restricted space.      
### 24.Dual-Update Data-Driven Control of Deformable Mirrors Using Walsh Basis Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03275.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop a novel data-driven method for Deformable Mirror (DM) control. The developed method updates both the DM model and DM control actions that produce desired mirror surface shapes. The novel method explicitly takes into account actuator constraints and couples a feedback control algorithm with an algorithm for recursive estimation of DM influence function models. In addition to this, we explore the possibility of using Walsh basis functions for DM control. By expressing the desired and observed mirror surface shapes as sums of Walsh pattern matrices, we formulate the control problem in the 2D Walsh basis domain. We thoroughly experimentally verify the developed approach on a 140-actuator MEMS DM, developed by Boston Micromachines. Our results show that the novel method produces the root-mean-square surface error in the $14-40$ nanometer range. These results can additionally be improved by tuning the control and estimation parameters. The developed approach is also applicable to other DM types, such as for example, segmented DMs.      
### 25.Pathological Analysis of Blood Cells Using Deep Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03274.pdf)
>  Pathology deals with the practice of discovering the reasons for disease by analyzing the body samples. The most used way in this field, is to use histology which is basically studying and viewing microscopic structures of cell and tissues. The slide viewing method is widely being used and converted into digital form to produce high resolution images. This enabled the area of deep learning and machine learning to deep dive into this field of medical sciences. In the present study, a neural based network has been proposed for classification of blood cells images into various categories. When input image is passed through the proposed architecture and all the hyper parameters and dropout ratio values are used in accordance with proposed algorithm, then model classifies the blood images with an accuracy of 95.24%. The performance of proposed model is better than existing standard architectures and work done by various researchers. Thus model will enable development of pathological system which will reduce human errors and daily load on laboratory men. This will in turn help pathologists in carrying out their work more efficiently and effectively.      
### 26.Learning of Frequency-Time Attention Mechanism for Automatic Modulation Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03258.pdf)
>  Recent learning-based image classification and speech recognition approaches make extensive use of attention mechanisms to achieve state-of-the-art recognition power, which demonstrates the effectiveness of attention mechanisms. Motivated by the fact that the frequency and time information of modulated radio signals are crucial for modulation mode recognition, this paper proposes a frequency-time attention mechanism for a convolutional neural network (CNN)-based modulation recognition framework. The proposed frequency-time attention module is designed to learn which channel, frequency and time information is more meaningful in CNN for modulation recognition. We analyze the effectiveness of the proposed frequency-time attention mechanism and compare the proposed method with two existing learning-based methods. Experiments on an open-source modulation recognition dataset show that the recognition performance of the proposed framework is better than those of the framework without frequency-time attention and existing learning-based methods.      
### 27.Multi-Spectral Multi-Image Super-Resolution of Sentinel-2 with Radiometric Consistency Losses and Its Effect on Building Delineation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03231.pdf)
>  High resolution remote sensing imagery is used in broad range of tasks, including detection and classification of objects. High-resolution imagery is however expensive, while lower resolution imagery is often freely available and can be used by the public for range of social good applications. To that end, we curate a multi-spectral multi-image super-resolution dataset, using PlanetScope imagery from the SpaceNet 7 challenge as the high resolution reference and multiple Sentinel-2 revisits of the same imagery as the low-resolution imagery. We present the first results of applying multi-image super-resolution (MISR) to multi-spectral remote sensing imagery. We, additionally, introduce a radiometric consistency module into MISR model the to preserve the high radiometric resolution of the Sentinel-2 sensor. We show that MISR is superior to single-image super-resolution and other baselines on a range of image fidelity metrics. Furthermore, we conduct the first assessment of the utility of multi-image super-resolution on building delineation, showing that utilising multiple images results in better performance in these downstream tasks.      
### 28.Controller Reduction for Nonlinear Systems by Generalized Differential Balancing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03209.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim at developing computationally tractable methods for nonlinear model/controller reduction. Recently, model reduction by generalized differential (GD) balancing has been proposed for nonlinear systems with constant input-vector fields and linear output functions. First, we study incremental properties in the GD balancing framework. Next, based on these analyses, we provide GD LQG balancing and GD $H_\infty$-balancing as controller reduction methods for nonlinear systems by focusing on linear feedback and observer gains. Especially for GD $H_\infty$-balancing, we clarify when the closed-loop system consisting of the full-order system and a reduced-order controller is exponentially stable. All provided methods for controller reduction can be relaxed to linear matrix inequalities.      
### 29.Artificial Neural Network-Based Voltage Control of DC/DC Converter for DC Microgrid Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03207.pdf)
>  The rapid growth of renewable energy technology enables the concept of microgrid (MG) to be widely accepted in the power systems. Due to the advantages of the DC distribution system such as easy integration of energy storage and less system loss, DC MG attracts significant attention nowadays. The linear controller such as PI or PID is matured and extensively used by the power electronics industry, but their performance is not optimal as system parameters are changed. In this study, an artificial neural network (ANN) based voltage control strategy is proposed for the DC-DC boost converter. In this paper, the model predictive control (MPC) is used as an expert, which provides the data to train the proposed ANN. As ANN is tuned finely, then it is utilized directly to control the step-up DC converter. The main advantage of the ANN is that the neural network system identification decreases the inaccuracy of the system model even with inaccurate parameters and has less computational burden compared to MPC due to its parallel structure. To validate the performance of the proposed ANN, extensive MATLAB/Simulink simulations are carried out. The simulation results show that the ANN-based control strategy has better performance under different loading conditions comparison to the PI controller. The accuracy of the trained ANN model is about 97%, which makes it suitable to be used for DC microgrid applications.      
### 30.Real-Time Detection of Drowsiness Among Vehicle Drivers: A Machine Learning Algorithm for Embedded Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03177.pdf)
>  Numerous studies have established the necessity for developing safety equipment to detect drowsiness among vehicle drivers. However, for reliable implementations, such systems must employ dependable sources of stimuli; through Electrooculography (EOG), the tendencies of drowsiness can be directly sensed by measuring blinks of prolonged durations. While conventional machine learning (ML) algorithms can be utilized for the detection and classification of these prolonged blinks (PB), executing them on microcontroller units (MCU) may prove to be a laborious task. Hence, by keeping resource constraints and practicality in mind, an ML algorithm is proposed in this study to identify PBs executed by an individual with desirable accuracy and precision while being efficient enough to be deployed on portable wearables using economic MCUs. Furthermore, the suggested algorithm is subjected to multiple rounds of testing in this study thereby, establishing its possibility as a feasible drowsiness detection measure for wearable systems.      
### 31.Stochastic Logarithmic Lipschitz Constants: A Tool to Analyze Contractivity of Stochastic Differential Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03155.pdf)
>  We introduce the notion of stochastic logarithmic Lipschitz constants and use these constants to characterize stochastic contractivity of Itô stochastic differential equations (SDEs) with multiplicative noise. We find an upper bound for stochastic logarithmic Lipschitz constants based on known logarithmic norms (matrix measures) of the Jacobian of the drift and diffusion terms of the SDEs. We discuss noise-induced contractivity in SDEs and common noise-induced synchronization in network of SDEs and illustrate the theoretical results on a noisy Van der Pol oscillator. We show that a deterministic Van der Pol oscillator is not contractive. But, adding a multiplicative noise makes the underlying SDE stochastically contractive.      
### 32.PDBL: Improving Histopathological Tissue Classification with Plug-and-Play Pyramidal Deep-Broad Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03063.pdf)
>  Histopathological tissue classification is a fundamental task in pathomics cancer research. Precisely differentiating different tissue types is a benefit for the downstream researches, like cancer diagnosis, prognosis and etc. Existing works mostly leverage the popular classification backbones in computer vision to achieve histopathological tissue classification. In this paper, we proposed a super lightweight plug-and-play module, named Pyramidal Deep-Broad Learning (PDBL), for any well-trained classification backbone to further improve the classification performance without a re-training burden. We mimic how pathologists observe pathology slides in different magnifications and construct an image pyramid for the input image in order to obtain the pyramidal contextual information. For each level in the pyramid, we extract the multi-scale deep-broad features by our proposed Deep-Broad block (DB-block). We equipped PDBL in three popular classification backbones, ShuffLeNetV2, EfficientNetb0, and ResNet50 to evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed module on two datasets (Kather Multiclass Dataset and the LC25000 Dataset). Experimental results demonstrate the proposed PDBL can steadily improve the tissue-level classification performance for any CNN backbones, especially for the lightweight models when given a small among of training samples (less than 10%), which greatly saves the computational time and annotation efforts.      
### 33.Normalizing Flow as a Flexible Fidelity Objective for Photo-Realistic Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03649.pdf)
>  Super-resolution is an ill-posed problem, where a ground-truth high-resolution image represents only one possibility in the space of plausible solutions. Yet, the dominant paradigm is to employ pixel-wise losses, such as L_1, which drive the prediction towards a blurry average. This leads to fundamentally conflicting objectives when combined with adversarial losses, which degrades the final quality. We address this issue by revisiting the L_1 loss and show that it corresponds to a one-layer conditional flow. Inspired by this relation, we explore general flows as a fidelity-based alternative to the L_1 objective. We demonstrate that the flexibility of deeper flows leads to better visual quality and consistency when combined with adversarial losses. We conduct extensive user studies for three datasets and scale factors, where our approach is shown to outperform state-of-the-art methods for photo-realistic super-resolution. Code and trained models will be available at: <br><a class="link-external link-http" href="http://git.io/AdFlow" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>      
### 34.Objective measurement of pitch extractors' responses to frequency modulated sounds and two reference pitch extraction methods for analyzing voice pitch responses to auditory stimulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03629.pdf)
>  We propose an objective measurement method for pitch extractors' responses to frequency-modulated signals. The method simultaneously measures the linear and the non-linear time-invariant responses and random and time-varying responses. It uses extended time-stretched pulses combined by binary orthogonal sequences. Our recent finding of involuntary voice pitch response to auditory stimulation while voicing motivated this proposal. The involuntary voice pitch response provides means to investigate voice chain subsystems individually and objectively. This response analysis requires reliable and precise pitch extraction. We found that existing pitch extractors failed to correctly analyze signals used for auditory stimulation by using the proposed method. Therefore, we propose two reference pitch extractors based on the instantaneous frequency analysis and multi-resolution power spectrum analysis. The proposed extractors correctly analyze the test signals. We open-sourced MATLAB codes to measure pitch extractors and codes for conducting the voice pitch response experiment on our GitHub repository.      
### 35.Single Image Deraining Network with Rain Embedding Consistency and Layered LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03615.pdf)
>  Single image deraining is typically addressed as residual learning to predict the rain layer from an input rainy image. For this purpose, an encoder-decoder network draws wide attention, where the encoder is required to encode a high-quality rain embedding which determines the performance of the subsequent decoding stage to reconstruct the rain layer. However, most of existing studies ignore the significance of rain embedding quality, thus leading to limited performance with over/under-deraining. In this paper, with our observation of the high rain layer reconstruction performance by an rain-to-rain autoencoder, we introduce the idea of "Rain Embedding Consistency" by regarding the encoded embedding by the autoencoder as an ideal rain embedding and aim at enhancing the deraining performance by improving the consistency between the ideal rain embedding and the rain embedding derived by the encoder of the deraining network. To achieve this, a Rain Embedding Loss is applied to directly supervise the encoding process, with a Rectified Local Contrast Normalization (RLCN) as the guide that effectively extracts the candidate rain pixels. We also propose Layered LSTM for recurrent deraining and fine-grained encoder feature refinement considering different scales. Qualitative and quantitative experiments demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms previous state-of-the-art methods particularly on a real-world dataset. Our source code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://www.ok.sc.e.titech.ac.jp/res/SIR/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 36.Optimal Inverted Landing in a Small Aerial Robot with Varied Approach Velocities and Landing Gear Designs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03539.pdf)
>  Inverted landing is a challenging feat to perform in aerial robots, especially without external positioning. However, it is routinely performed by biological fliers such as bees, flies, and bats. Our previous observations of landing behaviors in flies suggest an open-loop causal relationship between their putative visual cues and the kinematics of the aerial maneuvers executed. For example, the degree of rotational maneuver (therefore the body inversion prior to touchdown) and the amount of leg-assisted body swing both depend on the flies' initial body states while approaching the ceiling. In this work, by using a physics-based simulation with experimental validation, we systematically investigated how optimized inverted landing maneuvers depend on the initial approach velocities with varied magnitude and direction. This was done by analyzing the putative visual cues (that can be derived from onboard measurements) during optimal maneuvering trajectories. We identified a three-dimensional policy region, from which a mapping to a global inverted landing policy can be developed without the use of external positioning data. In addition, we also investigated the effects of an array of landing gear designs on the optimized landing performance and identified their advantages and disadvantages. The above results have been partially validated using limited experimental testing and will continue to inform and guide our future experiments, for example by applying the calculated global policy.      
### 37.Automated Supervised Feature Selection for Differentiated Patterns of Care  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03495.pdf)
>  An automated feature selection pipeline was developed using several state-of-the-art feature selection techniques to select optimal features for Differentiating Patterns of Care (DPOC). The pipeline included three types of feature selection techniques; Filters, Wrappers and Embedded methods to select the top K features. Five different datasets with binary dependent variables were used and their different top K optimal features selected. The selected features were tested in the existing multi-dimensional subset scanning (MDSS) where the most anomalous subpopulations, most anomalous subsets, propensity scores, and effect of measures were recorded to test their performance. This performance was compared with four similar metrics gained after using all covariates in the dataset in the MDSS pipeline. We found out that despite the different feature selection techniques used, the data distribution is key to note when determining the technique to use.      
### 38.BiosecurID: a multimodal biometric database  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03472.pdf)
>  A new multimodal biometric database, acquired in the framework of the BiosecurID project, is presented together with the description of the acquisition setup and protocol. The database includes eight unimodal biometric traits, namely: speech, iris, face (still images, videos of talking faces), handwritten signature and handwritten text (on-line dynamic signals, off-line scanned images), fingerprints (acquired with two different sensors), hand (palmprint, contour-geometry) and keystroking. The database comprises 400 subjects and presents features such as: realistic acquisition scenario, balanced gender and population distributions, availability of information about particular demographic groups (age, gender, handedness), acquisition of replay attacks for speech and keystroking, skilled forgeries for signatures, and compatibility with other existing databases. All these characteristics make it very useful in research and development of unimodal and multimodal biometric systems.      
### 39.Spatio-Temporal Urban Knowledge Graph Enabled Mobility Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03465.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of the mobile communication technology, mobile trajectories of humans are massively collected by Internet service providers (ISPs) and application service providers (ASPs). On the other hand, the rising paradigm of knowledge graph (KG) provides us a promising solution to extract structured "knowledge" from massive trajectory data. In this paper, we focus on modeling users' spatio-temporal mobility patterns based on knowledge graph techniques, and predicting users' future movement based on the ``knowledge'' extracted from multiple sources in a cohesive manner. Specifically, we propose a new type of knowledge graph, i.e., spatio-temporal urban knowledge graph (STKG), where mobility trajectories, category information of venues, and temporal information are jointly modeled by the facts with different relation types in STKG. The mobility prediction problem is converted to the knowledge graph completion problem in STKG. Further, a complex embedding model with elaborately designed scoring functions is proposed to measure the plausibility of facts in STKG to solve the knowledge graph completion problem, which considers temporal dynamics of the mobility patterns and utilizes PoI categories as the auxiliary information and background knowledge. Extensive evaluations confirm the high accuracy of our model in predicting users' mobility, i.e., improving the accuracy by 5.04% compared with the state-of-the-art algorithms. In addition, PoI categories as the background knowledge and auxiliary information are confirmed to be helpful by improving the performance by 3.85% in terms of accuracy. Additionally, experiments show that our proposed method is time-efficient by reducing the computational time by over 43.12% compared with existing methods.      
### 40.Small UAVs-supported Autonomous Generation of Fine-grained 3D Indoor Radio Environmental Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03451.pdf)
>  Radio Environmental Maps (REMs) are a powerful tool for enhancing the performance of various communication and networked agents. However, generating REMs is a laborious undertaking, especially in complex 3-Dimensional (3D) environments, such as indoors. To address this issue, we propose a system for autonomous generation of fine-grained REMs of indoor 3D spaces. In the system, multiple small indoor Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) are sequentially used for 3D sampling of signal quality indicators. The collected readings are streamlined to a Machine Learning (ML) system for its training and, once trained, the system is able to predict the signal quality at unknown 3D locations. The system enables automated and autonomous REM generation, and can be straightforwardly deployed in new environments. In addition, the system supports REM sampling without self-interference and is technology-agnostic, as long as the REM-sampling receivers features suitable sizes and weights to be carried by the UAVs. In the demonstration, we instantiate the system design using two UAVs and show its capability of visiting 72 waypoints and gathering thousands of Wi-Fi data samples. Our results also include an instantiation of the ML system for predicting the Received Signal Strength (RSS) of known Wi-Fi Access Points (APs) at locations not visited by the UAVs.      
### 41.Conformer-based Hybrid ASR System for Switchboard Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03442.pdf)
>  The recently proposed conformer architecture has been successfully used for end-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR) architectures achieving state-of-the-art performance on different datasets. To our best knowledge, the impact of using conformer acoustic model for hybrid ASR is not investigated. In this paper, we present and evaluate a competitive conformer-based hybrid model training recipe. We study different training aspects and methods to improve word-error-rate as well as to increase training speed. We apply time downsampling methods for efficient training and use transposed convolutions to upsample the output sequence again. We conduct experiments on Switchboard 300h dataset and our conformer-based hybrid model achieves competitive results compared to other architectures. It generalizes very well on Hub5'01 test set and outperforms the BLSTM-based hybrid model significantly.      
### 42.Conversational speech recognition leveraging effective fusion methods for cross-utterance language modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03333.pdf)
>  Conversational speech normally is embodied with loose syntactic structures at the utterance level but simultaneously exhibits topical coherence relations across consecutive utterances. Prior work has shown that capturing longer context information with a recurrent neural network or long short-term memory language model (LM) may suffer from the recent bias while excluding the long-range context. In order to capture the long-term semantic interactions among words and across utterances, we put forward disparate conversation history fusion methods for language modeling in automatic speech recognition (ASR) of conversational speech. Furthermore, a novel audio-fusion mechanism is introduced, which manages to fuse and utilize the acoustic embeddings of a current utterance and the semantic content of its corresponding conversation history in a cooperative way. To flesh out our ideas, we frame the ASR N-best hypothesis rescoring task as a prediction problem, leveraging BERT, an iconic pre-trained LM, as the ingredient vehicle to facilitate selection of the oracle hypothesis from a given N-best hypothesis list. Empirical experiments conducted on the AMI benchmark dataset seem to demonstrate the feasibility and efficacy of our methods in relation to some current top-of-line methods.      
### 43.Recognizing Vector Graphics without Rasterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03281.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a different data format for images: vector graphics. In contrast to raster graphics which are widely used in image recognition, vector graphics can be scaled up or down into any resolution without aliasing or information loss, due to the analytic representation of the primitives in the document. Furthermore, vector graphics are able to give extra structural information on how low-level elements group together to form high level shapes or structures. These merits of graphic vectors have not been fully leveraged in existing methods. To explore this data format, we target on the fundamental recognition tasks: object localization and classification. We propose an efficient CNN-free pipeline that does not render the graphic into pixels (i.e. rasterization), and takes textual document of the vector graphics as input, called YOLaT (You Only Look at Text). YOLaT builds multi-graphs to model the structural and spatial information in vector graphics, and a dual-stream graph neural network is proposed to detect objects from the graph. Our experiments show that by directly operating on vector graphics, YOLaT out-performs raster-graphic based object detection baselines in terms of both average precision and efficiency.      
### 44.Automated Human Mind Reading Using EEG Signals for Seizure Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03270.pdf)
>  Epilepsy is one of the most occurring neurological disease globally emerged back in 4000 BC. It is affecting around 50 million people of all ages these days. The trait of this disease is recurrent seizures. In the past few decades, the treatments available for seizure control have improved a lot with the advancements in the field of medical science and technology. Electroencephalogram (EEG) is a widely used technique for monitoring the brain activity and widely popular for seizure region detection. It is performed before surgery and also to predict seizure at the time operation which is useful in neuro stimulation device. But in most of cases visual examination is done by neurologist in order to detect and classify patterns of the disease but this requires a lot of pre-domain knowledge and experience. This all in turns put a pressure on neurosurgeons and leads to time wastage and also reduce their accuracy and efficiency. There is a need of some automated systems in arena of information technology like use of neural networks in deep learning which can assist neurologists. In the present paper, a model is proposed to give an accuracy of 98.33% which can be used for development of automated systems. The developed system will significantly help neurologists in their performance.      
### 45.Neural Network Based Epileptic EEG Detection and Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03268.pdf)
>  Timely diagnosis is important for saving the life of epileptic patients. In past few years, a lot of treatments are available for epilepsy. These treatments require use of anti-seizure drugs but are not effective in controlling frequency of seizure. There is need of removal of an affected region using surgery. Electroencephalogram (EEG) is a widely used technique for monitoring the brain activity and widely popular for seizure region detection. It is used before surgery for locating affected region. This manual process, using EEG graphs, is time consuming and requires deep expertise. In the present paper, a model has been proposed that preserves the true nature of an EEG signal in form of textual one-dimensional vector. The proposed model achieves a state of art performance for Bonn University dataset giving an average sensitivity, specificity of 81% and 81.4% respectively for classification of EEG data among all five classes. Also for binary classification achieving 99.9%, 99.5% score value for specificity and sensitivity instead of 2D models used by other researchers. Thus, developed system will significantly help neurosurgeons in the increase of their performance.      
### 46.EpilNet: A Novel Approach to IoT based Epileptic Seizure Prediction and Diagnosis System using Artificial Intelligence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03265.pdf)
>  Epilepsy is one of the most occurring neurological diseases. The main characteristic of this disease is a frequent seizure, which is an electrical imbalance in the brain. It is generally accompanied by shaking of body parts and even leads (fainting). In the past few years, many treatments have come up. These mainly involve the use of anti-seizure drugs for controlling seizures. But in 70% of cases, these drugs are not effective, and surgery is the only solution when the condition worsens. So patients need to take care of themselves while having a seizure and be safe. Wearable electroencephalogram (EEG) devices have come up with the development in medical science and technology. These devices help in the analysis of brain electrical activities. EEG helps in locating the affected cortical region. The most important is that it can predict any seizure in advance on-site. This has resulted in a sudden increase in demand for effective and efficient seizure prediction and diagnosis systems. A novel approach to epileptic seizure prediction and diagnosis system EpilNet is proposed in the present paper. It is a one-dimensional (1D) convolution neural network. EpilNet gives the testing accuracy of 79.13% for five classes, leading to a significant increase of about 6-7% compared to related works. The developed Web API helps in bringing EpilNet into practical use. Thus, it is an integrated system for both patients and doctors. The system will help patients prevent injury or accidents and increase the efficiency of the treatment process by doctors in the hospitals.      
### 47.Deep Learning Based Near-OrthogonalSuperposition Code for Short Message Transmission  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03263.pdf)
>  Massive machine type communication (mMTC) hasattracted new coding schemes optimized for reliable short mes-sage transmission. In this paper, a novel deep learning basednear-orthogonal superposition (NOS) coding scheme is proposedfor reliable transmission of short messages in the additive whiteGaussian noise (AWGN) channel for mMTC applications. Sim-ilar to recent hyper-dimensional modulation (HDM), the NOSencoder spreads the information bits to multiple near-orthogonalhigh dimensional vectors to be combined (superimposed) into asingle vector for transmission. The NOS decoder first estimatesthe information vectors and then performs a cyclic redundancycheck (CRC)-assistedK-best tree-search algorithm to furtherreduce the packet error rate. The proposed NOS encoder anddecoder are deep neural networks (DNNs) jointly trained asan auto-encoder and decoder pair to learn a new NOS codingscheme with near-orthogonal codewords. Simulation results showthe proposed deep learning-based NOS scheme outperformsHDM and Polar code with CRC-aided list decoding for short(32-bit) message transmission.      
### 48.Remote Sensing Image Super-resolution and Object Detection: Benchmark and State of the Art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03260.pdf)
>  For the past two decades, there have been significant efforts to develop methods for object detection in Remote Sensing (RS) images. In most cases, the datasets for small object detection in remote sensing images are inadequate. Many researchers used scene classification datasets for object detection, which has its limitations; for example, the large-sized objects outnumber the small objects in object categories. Thus, they lack diversity; this further affects the detection performance of small object detectors in RS images. This paper reviews current datasets and object detection methods (deep learning-based) for remote sensing images. We also propose a large-scale, publicly available benchmark Remote Sensing Super-resolution Object Detection (RSSOD) dataset. The RSSOD dataset consists of 1,759 hand-annotated images with 22,091 instances of very high resolution (VHR) images with a spatial resolution of ~0.05 m. There are five classes with varying frequencies of labels per class. The image patches are extracted from satellite images, including real image distortions such as tangential scale distortion and skew distortion. We also propose a novel Multi-class Cyclic super-resolution Generative adversarial network with Residual feature aggregation (MCGR) and auxiliary YOLOv5 detector to benchmark image super-resolution-based object detection and compare with the existing state-of-the-art methods based on image super-resolution (SR). The proposed MCGR achieved state-of-the-art performance for image SR with an improvement of 1.2dB PSNR compared to the current state-of-the-art NLSN method. MCGR achieved best object detection mAPs of 0.758, 0.881, 0.841, and 0.983, respectively, for five-class, four-class, two-class, and single classes, respectively surpassing the performance of the state-of-the-art object detectors YOLOv5, EfficientDet, Faster RCNN, SSD, and RetinaNet.      
### 49.Single-shot wide-field optical section imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03259.pdf)
>  Optical sectioning technology has been widely used in various fluorescence microscopes owing to its background removing capability. Here, a virtual HiLo based on edge detection (V-HiLo-ED) is proposed to achieve wide-field optical sectioning, which requires only single wide-field image. Compared with conventional optical sectioning technologies, its imaging speed can be increased by at least twice, meanwhile maintaining nice optical sectioning performance, low cost, and excellent artifact suppression capabilities. Furthermore, the new V-HiLo-ED can also be extended to other non-fluorescence imaging fields. This simple, cost-effective and easy-to-extend method will benefit many research and application fields that needs to remove out-of-focus blurred images.      
### 50.Context-Aware Transformer Transducer for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03250.pdf)
>  End-to-end (E2E) automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems often have difficulty recognizing uncommon words, that appear infrequently in the training data. One promising method, to improve the recognition accuracy on such rare words, is to latch onto personalized/contextual information at inference. In this work, we present a novel context-aware transformer transducer (CATT) network that improves the state-of-the-art transformer-based ASR system by taking advantage of such contextual signals. Specifically, we propose a multi-head attention-based context-biasing network, which is jointly trained with the rest of the ASR sub-networks. We explore different techniques to encode contextual data and to create the final attention context vectors. We also leverage both BLSTM and pretrained BERT based models to encode contextual data and guide the network training. Using an in-house far-field dataset, we show that CATT, using a BERT based context encoder, improves the word error rate of the baseline transformer transducer and outperforms an existing deep contextual model by 24.2% and 19.4% respectively.      
### 51.Mean-Field Approximation based Scheduling for Broadcast Channels with Massive Receivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03229.pdf)
>  The emerging Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) is driving an ever increasing demand for providing low latency services to massive devices over wireless channels. As a result, how to assure the quality-of-service (QoS) for a large amount of mobile users is becoming a challenging issue in the envisioned sixth-generation (6G) network. In such networks, the delay-optimal wireless access will require a joint channel and queue aware scheduling, whose complexity increases exponentially with the number of users. In this paper, we adopt the mean field approximation to conceive a buffer-aware multi-user diversity or opportunistic access protocol, which serves all backlogged packets of a user if its channel gain is beyond a threshold. A theoretical analysis and numerical results will demonstrate that not only the cross-layer scheduling policy is of low complexity but is also asymptotically optimal for a huge number of devices.      
### 52.Compressing Sensor Data for Remote Assistance of Autonomous Vehicles using Deep Generative Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03201.pdf)
>  In the foreseeable future, autonomous vehicles will require human assistance in situations they can not resolve on their own. In such scenarios, remote assistance from a human can provide the required input for the vehicle to continue its operation. Typical sensors used in autonomous vehicles include camera and lidar sensors. Due to the massive volume of sensor data that must be sent in real-time, highly efficient data compression is elementary to prevent an overload of network infrastructure. Sensor data compression using deep generative neural networks has been shown to outperform traditional compression approaches for both image and lidar data, regarding compression rate as well as reconstruction quality. However, there is a lack of research about the performance of generative-neural-network-based compression algorithms for remote assistance. In order to gain insights into the feasibility of deep generative models for usage in remote assistance, we evaluate state-of-the-art algorithms regarding their applicability and identify potential weaknesses. Further, we implement an online pipeline for processing sensor data and demonstrate its performance for remote assistance using the CARLA simulator.      
### 53.Continuous Encryption Functions for Security Over Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03163.pdf)
>  This paper presents a study of continuous encryption functions (CEFs) of secret feature vectors for security over networks such as physical layer encryption for wireless communications and biometric template security for online Internet applications. CEFs are defined to include all prior continuous "one-way" functions. It is shown that dynamic random projection and index-of-max (IoM) hashing algorithm 1 are not hard to attack, IoM algorithm 2 is not as hard to attack as it was thought to be, and higher-order polynomials are easy to attack via substitution. Also presented is a new family of CEFs based on selected components of singular value decomposition (SVD) of a randomly modulated matrix of feature vector. Detailed empirical evidence suggests that SVD-CEF is hard to attack. Statistical analysis of SVD-CEF reveals its useful properties including its sensitivity to noise. The bit-error-rate performance of a quantized SVD-CEF is shown to exceed that of IoM algorithm 2.      
### 54.Generating Diverse Realistic Laughter for Interactive Art  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03146.pdf)
>  We propose an interactive art project to make those rendered invisible by the COVID-19 crisis and its concomitant solitude reappear through the welcome melody of laughter, and connections created and explored through advanced laughter synthesis approaches. However, the unconditional generation of the diversity of human emotional responses in high-quality auditory synthesis remains an open problem, with important implications for the application of these approaches in artistic settings. We developed LaughGANter, an approach to reproduce the diversity of human laughter using generative adversarial networks (GANs). When trained on a dataset of diverse laughter samples, LaughGANter generates diverse, high quality laughter samples, and learns a latent space suitable for emotional analysis and novel artistic applications such as latent mixing/interpolation and emotional transfer.      
### 55.Modeling and Control of an Omnidirectional Micro Aerial Vehicle Equipped with a Soft Robotic Arm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03111.pdf)
>  Flying manipulators are aerial drones with attached rigid-bodied robotic arms and belong to the latest and most actively developed research areas in robotics. The rigid nature of these arms often lack compliance, flexibility, and smoothness in movement. This work proposes to use a soft-bodied robotic arm attached to an omnidirectional micro aerial vehicle (OMAV) to leverage the compliant and flexible behavior of the arm, while remaining maneuverable and dynamic thanks to the omnidirectional drone as the floating base. The unification of the arm with the drone poses challenges in the modeling and control of such a combined platform; these challenges are addressed with this work. We propose a unified model for the flying manipulator based on three modeling principles: the Piecewise Constant Curvature (PCC) and Augmented Rigid Body Model (ARBM) hypotheses for modeling soft continuum robots and a floating-base approach borrowed from the traditional rigid-body robotics literature. To demonstrate the validity and usefulness of this parametrisation, a hierarchical model-based feedback controller is implemented. The controller is verified and evaluated in simulation on various dynamical tasks, where the nullspace motions, disturbance recovery, and trajectory tracking capabilities of the platform are examined and validated. The soft flying manipulator platform could open new application fields in aerial construction, goods delivery, human assistance, maintenance, and warehouse automation.      
### 56.Physics-Guided Generative Adversarial Networks for Sea Subsurface Temperature Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.03064.pdf)
>  Sea subsurface temperature, an essential component of aquatic wildlife, underwater dynamics and heat transfer with the sea surface, is affected by global warming in climate change. Existing research is commonly based on either physics-based numerical models or data based models. Physical modeling and machine learning are traditionally considered as two unrelated fields for the sea subsurface temperature prediction task, with very different scientific paradigms (physics-driven and data-driven). However, we believe both methods are complementary to each other. Physical modeling methods can offer the potential for extrapolation beyond observational conditions, while data-driven methods are flexible in adapting to data and are capable of detecting unexpected patterns. The combination of both approaches is very attractive and offers potential performance improvement. In this paper, we propose a novel framework based on generative adversarial network (GAN) combined with numerical model to predict sea subsurface temperature. First, a GAN-based model is used to learn the simplified physics between the surface temperature and the target subsurface temperature in numerical model. Then, observation data are used to calibrate the GAN-based model parameters to obtain better prediction. We evaluate the proposed framework by predicting daily sea subsurface temperature in the South China sea. Extensive experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework compared to existing state-of-the-art methods.      
