# ArXiv eess --Fri, 19 Nov 2021
### 1.Data-driven synthesis of Robust Invariant Sets and Controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09860.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method to identify an uncertain linear time-invariant (LTI) prediction model for tube-based Robust Model Predictive Control (RMPC). The uncertain model is determined from a given state-input dataset by formulating and solving a Semidefinite Programming problem (SDP), that also determines a static linear feedback gain and corresponding invariant sets satisfying the inclusions required to guarantee recursive feasibility and stability of the RMPC scheme, while minimizing an identification criterion. As demonstrated through an example, the proposed concurrent approach provides less conservative invariant sets than a sequential approach.      
### 2.An Amplifying RIS Architecture with a Single Power Amplifier: Energy Efficiency and Error Performance Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09855.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) have recently attracted the attention of the community as a potential candidate for next generation of wireless communication networks. Various studies have been carried out on this technology, which allows the control of the signal propagation environment. However, when an RIS is used in its inherently passive structure, it appears to be only a supportive technology for communications, while suffering from a multiplicative path loss. Therefore, researchers have lately begun to focus on RIS hardware designs with minimal active elements to further boost the benefits of this technology. In this paper, we present a simple hardware architecture for RISs including a single variable gain amplifier for reflection amplification to confront the multiplicative path loss. The end-to-end signal model for communication systems assisted with the proposed amplifying RIS design is presented, together with an analysis for the capacity maximization and the theoretical bit error probability performance, which is verified by computer simulations. In addition, the advantages of the proposed amplifying RIS design compared to its passive counterpart are discussed. It is shown that the proposed RIS-based system significantly eliminates the double fading problem appearing in conventional passive RIS-assisted systems as well as improves the energy efficiency.      
### 3.Machine Learning Assisted Approach for Security-Constrained Unit Commitment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09824.pdf)
>  Security-constrained unit commitment (SCUC) which is used in the power system day-ahead generation scheduling is a mixed-integer linear programming problem that is computationally intensive. A good warm-start solution or a reduced-SCUC model can bring significant time savings. In this work, a novel approach is proposed to effectively utilize machine learning (ML) to provide a good starting solution and/or reduce the problem size of SCUC. An ML model using a logistic regression algorithm is proposed and trained using historical nodal demand profiles and the respective commitment schedules. The ML outputs are processed and analyzed to assist SCUC. The proposed approach is validated on several standard test systems namely, IEEE 24-bus system, IEEE 73-bus system, IEEE 118-bus system, synthetic South Carolina 500-bus system, and Polish 2383-bus system. Simulation results demonstrate that the prediction from the proposed machine learning model can provide a good warm-start solution and/or reduce the number of variables and constraints in SCUC with minimal loss in solution quality while substantially reducing the computing time.      
### 4.Theoretical Linear Convergence of Deep Unfolding Network for Block-Sparse Signal Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09801.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the recovery of the high-dimensional block-sparse signal from a compressed set of measurements, where the non-zero coefficients of the recovered signal occur in a small number of blocks. Adopting the idea of deep unfolding, we explore the block-sparse structure and put forward a block-sparse reconstruction network named Ada-BlockLISTA, which performs gradient descent on every single block followed by a block-wise shrinkage. Furthermore, we prove the linear convergence rate of our proposed network, which also theoretically guarantees exact recovery for a potentially higher sparsity level based on underlyingblock structure. Numerical results indicate that Ada-BlockLISTA yields better signal recovery performance compared with existing algorithms, which ignore the additional block structure in the signal model.      
### 5.CSI Clustering with Variational Autoencoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09758.pdf)
>  The model order of a wireless channel plays an important role for a variety of applications in communications engineering, e.g., it represents the number of resolvable incident wavefronts with non-negligible power incident from a transmitter to a receiver. Areas such as direction of arrival estimation leverage the model order to analyze the multipath components of channel state information. In this work, we propose to use a variational autoencoder to group unlabeled channel state information with respect to the model order in the variational autoencoder latent space in an unsupervised manner. We validate our approach with simulated 3GPP channel data. Our results suggest that, in order to learn an appropriate clustering, it is crucial to use a more flexible likelihood model for the variational autoencoder decoder than it is usually the case in standard applications.      
### 6.The Strong Integral Input-to-State Stability Property in Dynamical Flow Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09727.pdf)
>  Dynamical flow networks serve as macroscopic models for, e.g., transportation networks, queuing networks, and distribution networks. While the flow dynamics in such networks follow the conservation of mass on the links, the outflow from each link is often non-linear due to, e.g., flow capacity constraints and simultaneous service rate constraints. Such non-linear constraints imply a limit on the magnitude of exogenous inflow that is able to be accommodated by the network before it becomes overloaded and its state trajectory diverges. This paper shows how the Strong integral Input-to-State Stability (Strong iISS) property allows for quantifying the effects of the exogenous inflow on the flow dynamics. The Strong iISS property enables a unified stability analysis of classes of dynamical flow networks that were only partly analyzable before, such as networks with cycles, multi-commodity flow networks and networks with non-monotone flow dynamics. We present sufficient conditions on the maximum magnitude of exogenous inflow to guarantee input-to-state stability for a dynamical flow network, and we also present cases when this sufficient condition is necessary. The conditions are exemplified on a few existing dynamical flow network models, specifically, fluid queuing models with time-varying exogenous inflows and multi-commodity flow models.      
### 7.A Trainable Spectral-Spatial Sparse Coding Model for Hyperspectral Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09708.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral imaging offers new perspectives for diverse applications, ranging from the monitoring of the environment using airborne or satellite remote sensing, precision farming, food safety, planetary exploration, or astrophysics. Unfortunately, the spectral diversity of information comes at the expense of various sources of degradation, and the lack of accurate ground-truth "clean" hyperspectral signals acquired on the spot makes restoration tasks challenging. In particular, training deep neural networks for restoration is difficult, in contrast to traditional RGB imaging problems where deep models tend to shine. In this paper, we advocate instead for a hybrid approach based on sparse coding principles that retains the interpretability of classical techniques encoding domain knowledge with handcrafted image priors, while allowing to train model parameters end-to-end without massive amounts of data. We show on various denoising benchmarks that our method is computationally efficient and significantly outperforms the state of the art.      
### 8.Visual design intuition: Predicting dynamic properties of beams from raw cross-section images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09701.pdf)
>  In this work we aim to mimic the human ability to acquire the intuition to estimate the performance of a design from visual inspection and experience alone. We study the ability of convolutional neural networks to predict static and dynamic properties of cantilever beams directly from their raw cross-section images. Using pixels as the only input, the resulting models learn to predict beam properties such as volume maximum deflection and eigenfrequencies with 4.54% and 1.43% Mean Average Percentage Error (MAPE) respectively, compared to the Finite Element Analysis (FEA) approach. Training these models doesn't require prior knowledge of theory or relevant geometric properties, but rather relies solely on simulated or empirical data, thereby making predictions based on "experience" as opposed to theoretical knowledge. Since this approach is over 1000 times faster than FEA, it can be adopted to create surrogate models that could speed up the preliminary optimization studies where numerous consecutive evaluations of similar geometries are required. We suggest that this modeling approach would aid in addressing challenging optimization problems involving complex structures and physical phenomena for which theoretical models are unavailable.      
### 9.A Supervised Learning Framework for Joint Angle-of-Arrival and Source Number Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09686.pdf)
>  Machine learning is a promising technique for angle-of-arrival (AOA) estimation of waves impinging a sensor array. However, the majority of the methods proposed so far only consider a known, fixed number of impinging waves, i.e., a fixed source number. This paper proposes a machine-learning-based estimator designed for the case when the source number is variable and hence unknown a priori. The proposed estimator comprises a framework of single-label classifiers. Each classifier predicts if waves are present within certain randomly selected segments of the array's field of view (FOV), resulting from discretising the FOV with a certain (FOV) resolution. The classifiers' predictions are combined into a probabilistic angle spectrum, whereupon the source number and the AOAs are estimated jointly by applying a probability threshold whose optimal level is learned from data. The estimator's performance is assessed using a new performance metric: the joint AOA estimation success rate. Numerical simulations show that for low SNR (-10 dB), a low FOV resolution (2$^\circ$) yields a higher success rate than a high resolution (1$^\circ$), whereas the opposite applies for mid (0 dB) and high (10 dB) SNRs. In nearly all simulations, except one at low SNR and a high FOV resolution, the proposed estimator outperforms the MUSIC algorithm if the maximum allowed AOA estimation error is approximately equal to (or larger than) the FOV resolution.      
### 10.Radar Aided 6G Beam Prediction: Deep Learning Algorithms and Real-World Demonstration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09676.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first machine learning based real-world demonstration for radar-aided beam prediction in a practical vehicular communication scenario. Leveraging radar sensory data at the communication terminals provides important awareness about the transmitter/receiver locations and the surrounding environment. This awareness could be utilized to reduce or even eliminate the beam training overhead in millimeter wave (mmWave) and sub-terahertz (THz) MIMO communication systems, which enables a wide range of highly-mobile low-latency applications. In this paper, we develop deep learning based radar-aided beam prediction approaches for mmWave/sub-THz systems. The developed solutions leverage domain knowledge for radar signal processing to extract the relevant features fed to the learning models. This optimizes their performance, complexity, and inference time. The proposed radar-aided beam prediction solutions are evaluated using the large-scale real-world dataset DeepSense 6G, which comprises co-existing mmWave beam training and radar measurements. In addition to completely eliminating the radar/communication calibration overhead, the experimental results showed that the proposed algorithms are able to achieve around $90\%$ top-5 beam prediction accuracy while saving $93\%$ of the beam training overhead. This highlights a promising direction for addressing the beam management overhead challenges in mmWave/THz communication systems.      
### 11.Whole Heart Anatomical Refinement from CCTA using Extrapolation and Parcellation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09650.pdf)
>  Coronary computed tomography angiography (CCTA) provides detailed an-atomical information on all chambers of the heart. Existing segmentation tools can label the gross anatomy, but addition of application-specific labels can require detailed and often manual refinement. We developed a U-Net based framework to i) extrapolate a new label from existing labels, and ii) parcellate one label into multiple labels, both using label-to-label mapping, to create a desired segmentation that could then be learnt directly from the image (image- to-label mapping). This approach only required manual correction in a small subset of cases (80 for extrapolation, 50 for parcella-tion, compared with 260 for initial labels). An initial 6-label segmentation (left ventricle, left ventricular myocardium, right ventricle, left atrium, right atrium and aorta) was refined to a 10-label segmentation that added a label for the pulmonary artery and divided the left atrium label into body, left and right veins and appendage components. The final method was tested using 30 cases, 10 each from Philips, Siemens and Toshiba scanners. In addition to the new labels, the median Dice scores were improved for all the initial 6 labels to be above 95% in the 10-label segmentation, e.g. from 91% to 97% for the left atrium body and from 92% to 96% for the right ventricle. This method provides a simple framework for flexible refinement of anatomical labels. The code and executables are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://cemrg.com" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 12.Recurrent Variational Network: A Deep Learning Inverse Problem Solver applied to the task of Accelerated MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09639.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Imaging can produce detailed images of the anatomy and physiology of the human body that can assist doctors in diagnosing and treating pathologies such as tumours. However, MRI suffers from very long acquisition times that make it susceptible to patient motion artifacts and limit its potential to deliver dynamic treatments. Conventional approaches such as Parallel Imaging and Compressed Sensing allow for an increase in MRI acquisition speed by reconstructing MR images by acquiring less MRI data using multiple receiver coils. Recent advancements in Deep Learning combined with Parallel Imaging and Compressed Sensing techniques have the potential to produce high-fidelity reconstructions from highly accelerated MRI data. In this work we present a novel Deep Learning-based Inverse Problem solver applied to the task of accelerated MRI reconstruction, called Recurrent Variational Network (RecurrentVarNet) by exploiting the properties of Convolution Recurrent Networks and unrolled algorithms for solving Inverse Problems. The RecurrentVarNet consists of multiple blocks, each responsible for one unrolled iteration of the gradient descent optimization algorithm for solving inverse problems. Contrary to traditional approaches, the optimization steps are performed in the observation domain ($k$-space) instead of the image domain. Each recurrent block of RecurrentVarNet refines the observed $k$-space and is comprised of a data consistency term and a recurrent unit which takes as input a learned hidden state and the prediction of the previous block. Our proposed method achieves new state of the art qualitative and quantitative reconstruction results on 5-fold and 10-fold accelerated data from a public multi-channel brain dataset, outperforming previous conventional and deep learning-based approaches. We will release all models code and baselines on our public repository.      
### 13.A Modular 1D-CNN Architecture for Real-time Digital Pre-distortion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09637.pdf)
>  This study reports a novel hardware-friendly modular architecture for implementing one dimensional convolutional neural network (1D-CNN) digital predistortion (DPD) technique to linearize RF power amplifier (PA) real-time.The modular nature of our design enables DPD system adaptation for variable resource and timing constraints.Our work also presents a co-simulation architecture to verify the DPD performance with an actual power amplifier hardware-in-the-loop.The experimental results with 100 MHz signals show that the proposed 1D-CNN obtains superior performance compared with other neural network architectures for real-time DPD application.      
### 14.LiDAR-Aided Mobile Blockage Prediction in Real-World Millimeter Wave Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09581.pdf)
>  Line-of-sight link blockages represent a key challenge for the reliability and latency of millimeter wave (mmWave) and terahertz (THz) communication networks. This paper proposes to leverage LiDAR sensory data to provide awareness about the communication environment and proactively predict dynamic link blockages before they happen. This allows the network to make proactive decisions for hand-off/beam switching which enhances its reliability and latency. We formulate the LiDAR-aided blockage prediction problem and present the first real-world demonstration for LiDAR-aided blockage prediction in mmWave systems. In particular, we construct a large-scale real-world dataset, based on the DeepSense 6G structure, that comprises co-existing LiDAR and mmWave communication measurements in outdoor vehicular scenarios. Then, we develop an efficient LiDAR data denoising (static cluster removal) algorithm and a machine learning model that proactively predicts dynamic link blockages. Based on the real-world dataset, our LiDAR-aided approach is shown to achieve 95\% accuracy in predicting blockages happening within 100ms and more than 80\% prediction accuracy for blockages happening within one second. If used for proactive hand-off, the proposed solutions can potentially provide an order of magnitude saving in the network latency, which highlights a promising direction for addressing the blockage challenges in mmWave/sub-THz networks.      
### 15.Evaluating Cybersecurity Risks of Cooperative Ramp Merging in Mixed Traffic Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09521.pdf)
>  Connected and Automated Vehicle (CAV) technology has the potential to greatly improve transportation mobility, safety, and energy efficiency. However, ubiquitous vehicular connectivity also opens up the door for cyber-attacks. In this study, we investigate cybersecurity risks of a representative cooperative traffic management application, i.e., highway on-ramp merging, in a mixed traffic environment. We develop threat models with two trajectory spoofing strategies on CAVs to create traffic congestion, and we also devise an attack-resilient strategy for system defense. Furthermore, we leverage VENTOS, a Veins extension simulator made for CAV applications, to evaluate cybersecurity risks of the attacks and performance of the proposed defense strategy. A comprehensive case study is conducted across different traffic congestion levels, penetration rates of CAVs, and attack ratios. As expected, the results show that the performance of mobility decreases up to 55.19% at the worst case when the attack ratio increases, as does safety and energy. With our proposed mitigation defense algorithm, the system's cyber-attack resiliency is greatly improved.      
### 16.Out-of-Zone Signal Leakage Sensing in Radio Dynamic Zones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09490.pdf)
>  Radio dynamic zones (RDZs) are geographically bounded areas where novel advanced wireless technologies can be developed, tested, and improved, without the concern of interfering to other incumbent radio technologies nearby the RDZ. In order to operate an RDZ, use of a real-time spectrum monitoring system carries critical importance. Such a monitoring system should detect out-of-zone (OoZ) signal leakage outside of the RDZ, and if the interference to nearby receivers is intolerable, the monitoring system should be capable of mitigating such interference. This can e.g. be achieved by stopping operations inside the RDZ or switching to other bands for RDZ operation. In this paper, we introduce a spectrum monitoring concept for OoZ signal leakage detection at RDZs, where sensor nodes (SNs) are installed at the boundary of an RDZ and monitor the power leakage from multiple transmitters within the RDZ. We propose a prediction algorithm that estimates the received interference at OoZ geographical locations outside of the RDZ, using the measurements obtained at sparsely located SNs at the RDZ boundary. Using computer simulations, we evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm and study its sensitivity to SN deployment density.      
### 17.Transmission power policies for energy-efficient wireless control of nonlinear system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09474.pdf)
>  We present a controller and transmission policy design procedure for nonlinear wireless networked control systems. Our objective is to ensure the stability of the closed-loop system, in a stochastic sense, together with given control performance, while minimizing the average power used for communications. The controller is designed by emulation, i.e., ignoring the network, and the transmission power is given by threshold policies. These policies involve waiting a given amount of time since the last successful transmission instant, as well as requiring that the measured wireless channel gain is above a given threshold, before attempting a new transmission. Two power control laws are investigated: i) a constant power and ii) a power level inversely proportional to the channel gain. We explain how to select the waiting time, the channel threshold and the power level to minimize the induced average communication power, while ensuring the desired control objectives.      
### 18.A Novel Grid-forming Voltage Control Strategy for Supplying Unbalanced Microgrid Loads Using Inverter-based Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09464.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel grid-forming voltage control strategy for a battery energy storage system to maintain balanced three-phase output voltages under power unbalanced loads. A stationary reference frame ($\alpha \beta$) based control scheme is proposed to regulate positive-sequence and negative-sequence voltages, whose control mechanism and better performance are compared with the conventional rotating reference frame ($dq$) based control scheme. Based on the analysis of the system zero-sequence equivalent circuit, we propose to add a grounding transformer to filter the zero-sequence current for further reducing the voltage unbalance. Moreover, the relationship between power and voltage unbalance is presented under different transformer configurations. Thus the power unbalance limit can be obtained from the voltage unbalance limit, which can be utilized by system energy management for power scheduling. The simulation results demonstrate the effective performance of the proposed voltage control scheme.      
### 19.Large-scale Building Height Retrieval from Single SAR Imagery based on Bounding Box Regression Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09460.pdf)
>  Building height retrieval from synthetic aperture radar (SAR) imagery is of great importance for urban applications, yet highly challenging owing to the complexity of SAR data. This paper addresses the issue of building height retrieval in large-scale urban areas from a single TerraSAR-X spotlight or stripmap image. Based on the radar viewing geometry, we propose that this problem can be formulated as a bounding box regression problem and therefore allows for integrating height data from multiple data sources in generating ground truth on a larger scale. We introduce building footprints from geographic information system (GIS) data as complementary information and propose a bounding box regression network that exploits the location relationship between a building's footprint and its bounding box, allowing for fast computation. This is important for large-scale applications. The method is validated on four urban data sets using TerraSAR-X images in both high-resolution spotlight and stripmap modes. Experimental results show that the proposed network can reduce the computation cost significantly while keeping the height accuracy of individual buildings compared to a Faster R-CNN based method. Moreover, we investigate the impact of inaccurate GIS data on our proposed network, and this study shows that the bounding box regression network is robust against positioning errors in GIS data. The proposed method has great potential to be applied to regional or even global scales.      
### 20.Feedback Strategies for Hypersonic Pursuit of a Ground Evader  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09455.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a game-theoretic feedback terminal guidance law for an autonomous, unpowered hypersonic pursuit vehicle that seeks to intercept an evading ground target whose motion is constrained along an axis. We formulate this problem as a pursuit-evasion game whose saddle point solution is in general difficult to compute onboard the hypersonic vehicle due to its highly nonlinear dynamics. To overcome this difficulty, we linearize the nonlinear hypersonic dynamics around a reference trajectory and subsequently utilize feedback control design techniques from Linear Quadratic Differential Games (LQDGs). In our proposed guidance algorithm, the hypersonic vehicle computes its open-loop optimal state and input trajectories off-line and prior to the commencement of the game. These trajectories are then used to linearize the nonlinear equations of hypersonic motion. Subsequently, using this linearized system model, we formulate an auxiliary two-player zero-sum LQDG which is effective in the neighborhood of the given reference trajectory and derive its feedback saddle point strategy that allows the hypersonic vehicle to modify its trajectory online in accordance with the changes/dispersion to the target's position due to its evasive maneuvers. We provide numerical simulations to verify the performance of our proposed guidance law.      
### 21.Enforcing Safety under Actuator Attacks through Input Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09396.pdf)
>  Actuator injection attacks pose real threats to all industrial plants controlled through communication networks. In this manuscript, we study the possibility of constraining the controller output (i.e. the input to the actuators) by means of a dynamic filter designed to prevent reachability of dangerous plant states - preventing thus attacks from inducing dangerous states by tampering with the control signals. The filter synthesis is posed as the solution of a convex program (convex cost with Linear Matrix Inequalities constraints) where we aim at shifting the reachable set of control signals to avoid dangerous states while changing the controller dynamics as little as possible. We model the difference between original control signals and filtered ones in terms of the H-infinity norm of their difference, and add this norm as a constraint to the synthesis problem via the bounded-real lemma. Results are illustrated through simulation experiments.      
### 22.Combining Trajectory Data with Energy Functions for Improved Region of Attraction Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09382.pdf)
>  The increasing penetration of inverter based sources (IBS) has been raising a lot of concerns for the power system system operators around the world. The high level of complexity of this kind of generators make model-based stability analysis a difficult task for operators. This work presents a method to estimate the Region of Attraction (ROA) based only on sychrophasor measurements, through trajectory polynomial fitting using Bernstein polynomials, of the Lyapunov energy function of the system and its derivative. The mathematical derivation is described and applied to the Single Machine Infinite Bus (SMIB) system.      
### 23.BLOOM-Net: Blockwise Optimization for Masking Networks Toward Scalable and Efficient Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09372.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a blockwise optimization method for masking-based networks (BLOOM-Net) for training scalable speech enhancement networks. Here, we design our network with a residual learning scheme and train the internal separator blocks sequentially to obtain a scalable masking-based deep neural network for speech enhancement. Its scalability lets it adjust the run-time complexity based on the test-time resource constraints: once deployed, the model can alter its complexity dynamically depending on the test time environment. To this end, we modularize our models in that they can flexibly accommodate varying needs for enhancement performance and constraints on the resources, incurring minimal memory or training overhead due to the added scalability. Our experiments on speech enhancement demonstrate that the proposed blockwise optimization method achieves the desired scalability with only a slight performance degradation compared to corresponding models trained end-to-end.      
### 24.End-to-End Learned Image Compression with Quantized Weights and Activations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09348.pdf)
>  End-to-end Learned image compression (LIC) has reached the traditional hand-crafted methods such as BPG (HEVC intra) in terms of the coding gain. However, the large network size prohibits the usage of LIC on resource-limited embedded systems. This paper reduces the network complexity by quantizing both weights and activations. 1) For the weight quantization, we study different kinds of grouping and quantization scheme at first. A channel-wise non-linear quantization scheme is determined based on the coding gain analysis. After that, we propose a fine tuning scheme to clip the weights within a certain range so that the quantization error can be reduced. 2) For the activation quantization, we first propose multiple non-linear quantization codebooks with different maximum dynamic ranges. By selecting an optimal one through a multiplexer, the quantization range can be saturated to the greatest extent. In addition, we also exploit the mean-removed quantization for the analysis transform outputs in order to reduce the bit-width cost for the specific channel with the large non-zero mean. By quantizing each weight and activation element from 32-bit floating point to 8-bit fixed point, the memory cost for both weight and activation can be reduced by 75% with negligible coding performance loss. As a result, our quantized LIC can still outperform BPG in terms of MS-SSIM. To our best knowledge, this is the first work to give a complete analysis on the coding gain and the memory cost for a quantized LIC network, which validates the feasibility of the hardware implementation.      
### 25.Analysis and Design of Distributed MIMO Networks with a Wireless Fronthaul  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09826.pdf)
>  We consider the analysis and design of distributed wireless networks wherein remote radio heads (RRHs) coordinate transmissions to serve multiple users on the same resource block (RB). Specifically, we analyze two possible multiple-input multiple-output wireless fronthaul solutions: multicast and zero forcing (ZF) beamforming. We develop a statistical model for the fronthaul rate and, coupled with an analysis of the user access rate, we optimize the placement of the RRHs. This model allows us to formulate the location optimization problem with a statistical constraint on fronthaul outage. Our results are cautionary, showing that the fronthaul requires considerable bandwidth to enable joint service to users. This requirement can be relaxed by serving a low number of users on the same RB. Additionally, we show that, with a fixed number of antennas, for the multicast fronthaul, it is prudent to concentrate these antennas on a few RRHs. However, for the ZF beamforming fronthaul, it is better to distribute the antennas on more RRHs. For the parameters chosen, using a ZF beamforming fronthaul improves the typical access rate by approximately 8% compared to multicast. Crucially, our work quantifies the effect of these fronthaul solutions and provides an effective tool for the design of distributed networks.      
### 26.Wiggling Weights to Improve the Robustness of Classifiers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09779.pdf)
>  Robustness against unwanted perturbations is an important aspect of deploying neural network classifiers in the real world. Common natural perturbations include noise, saturation, occlusion, viewpoint changes, and blur deformations. All of them can be modelled by the newly proposed transform-augmented convolutional networks. While many approaches for robustness train the network by providing augmented data to the network, we aim to integrate perturbations in the network architecture to achieve improved and more general robustness. To demonstrate that wiggling the weights consistently improves classification, we choose a standard network and modify it to a transform-augmented network. On perturbed CIFAR-10 images, the modified network delivers a better performance than the original network. For the much smaller STL-10 dataset, in addition to delivering better general robustness, wiggling even improves the classification of unperturbed, clean images substantially. We conclude that wiggled transform-augmented networks acquire good robustness even for perturbations not seen during training.      
### 27.Transformer-S2A: Robust and Efficient Speech-to-Animation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09771.pdf)
>  We propose a novel robust and efficient Speech-to-Animation (S2A) approach for synchronized facial animation generation in human-computer interaction. Compared with conventional approaches, the proposed approach utilize phonetic posteriorgrams (PPGs) of spoken phonemes as input to ensure the cross-language and cross-speaker ability, and introduce corresponding prosody features (i.e. pitch and energy) to further enhance the expression of generated animation. Mixtureof-experts (MOE)-based Transformer is employed to better model contextual information while provide significant optimization on computation efficiency. Experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on both objective and subjective evaluation with 17x inference speedup compared with the state-of-the-art approach.      
### 28.Visual Navigation Using Sparse Optical Flow and Time-to-Transit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09669.pdf)
>  Drawing inspiration from biology, we describe the way in which visual sensing with a monocular camera can provide a reliable signal for navigation of mobile robots. The work takes inspiration from a classic paper by Lee and Reddish (Nature, 1981, <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://doi.org/10.1038/293293a0" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) in which they outline a behavioral strategy pursued by diving sea birds based on a visual cue called time-to-contact. A closely related concept of time-to-transit, tau, is defined, and it is shown that idealized steering laws based on monocular camera perceptions of tau can reliably and robustly steer a mobile vehicle within a wide variety of spaces in which features perceived to lie on walls and other objects in the environment provide adequate visual cues. The contribution of the paper is two-fold. It provides a simple theory of robust vision-based steering control. It goes on to show how the theory guides the implementation of robust visual navigation using ROS-Gazebo simulations as well as deployment and experiments with a camera-equipped Jackal robot. As far as we know, the experiments described below are the first to demonstrate visual navigation based on tau.      
### 29.Towards Intelligibility-Oriented Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09642.pdf)
>  Existing deep learning (DL) based speech enhancement approaches are generally optimised to minimise the distance between clean and enhanced speech features. These often result in improved speech quality however they suffer from a lack of generalisation and may not deliver the required speech intelligibility in real noisy situations. In an attempt to address these challenges, researchers have explored intelligibility-oriented (I-O) loss functions and integration of audio-visual (AV) information for more robust speech enhancement (SE). In this paper, we introduce DL based I-O SE algorithms exploiting AV information, which is a novel and previously unexplored research direction. Specifically, we present a fully convolutional AV SE model that uses a modified short-time objective intelligibility (STOI) metric as a training cost function. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that exploits the integration of AV modalities with an I-O based loss function for SE. Comparative experimental results demonstrate that our proposed I-O AV SE framework outperforms audio-only (AO) and AV models trained with conventional distance-based loss functions, in terms of standard objective evaluation measures when dealing with unseen speakers and noises.      
### 30.Park-and-Ride Facility Location Under Nested Logit Demand Function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09522.pdf)
>  Park and Ride (P&amp;R) facilities are car parks at which users can transfer to public transportation to reach their final destinations. Commuters can use P&amp;R facilities or choose to travel by car to their destinations, and individual choice behavior is assumed to follow a logit model. The P&amp;R facility location problem locates a fixed number of P&amp;R facilities among potential locations, maximizing the number of users of P&amp;R facilities. The problem is formalized in a nonlinear optimization problem using a nested logit model. Assuming a strong condition of independent irrelevant alternatives, it is a generalized multinomial logit model. This paper solves the nonlinear optimization problem without the unrealistic independency assumption. To solve the nonlinear P&amp;R facility location problem, we develop a rounding heuristic that identifies extremely fast a decent solution to a realistic scale of the problem. The rounding heuristic flips coins to locate facilities, with probabilities that are adaptively updated with the best known integer solution. The adaptive randomized rounding algorithm effectively avoids local optima to solve the P&amp;R facility location problem. We also develop a genetic algorithm and compare its performance with that of the adaptive randomized rounding algorithm.      
### 31.A comparative study on how neural networks enhance quantum state tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09504.pdf)
>  Quantum state tomography aiming at reconstructing the density matrix of a quantum state plays an important role in various emerging quantum technologies. Inspired by the intuition that machine learning has favorable robustness and generalization, we propose a deep neural networks based quantum state tomography (DNN-QST) approach, that can be applied to three cases, including few measurement copies and incomplete measurements as well as noisy measurements. Numerical results demonstrate that DNN-QST exhibits a great potential to achieve high fidelity for quantum state tomography with limited measurement resources and can achieve improved estimation when tomographic measurements suffer from noise. In addition, the results for 2-qubit states from quantum optical devices demonstrate the generalization of DNN-QST and its robustness against possible error in the experimental devices      
### 32.FLSys: Toward an Open Ecosystem for FederatedLearning Mobile Apps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09445.pdf)
>  This paper presents the design, implementation, and evaluation of FLSys, a mobile-cloud federated learning (FL) system that supports deep learning models for mobile apps. FLSys is a key component toward creating an open ecosystem of FL models and apps that use these models. FLSys is designed to work with mobile sensing data collected on smart phones, balance model performance with resource consumption on the phones, tolerate phone communication failures, and achieve scalability in the cloud. In FLSys, different DL models with different FL aggregation methods in the cloud can be trained and accessed concurrently by different apps. Furthermore, FLSys provides a common API for third-party app developers to train FL models. FLSys is implemented in Android and AWS cloud. We co-designed FLSys with a human activity recognition (HAR) in the wild FL model. HAR sensing data was collected in two areas from the phones of 100+ college students during a five-month period. We implemented HAR-Wild, a CNN model tailored to mobile devices, with a data augmentation mechanism to mitigate the problem of non-Independent and Identically Distributed (non-IID) data that affects FL model training in the wild. A sentiment analysis (SA) model is used to demonstrate how FLSys effectively supports concurrent models, and it uses a dataset with 46,000+ tweets from 436 users. We conducted extensive experiments on Android phones and emulators showing that FLSys achieves good model utility and practical system performance.      
### 33.On the Effectiveness of Iterative Learning Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09434.pdf)
>  Iterative learning control (ILC) is a powerful technique for high performance tracking in the presence of modeling errors for optimal control applications. There is extensive prior work showing its empirical effectiveness in applications such as chemical reactors, industrial robots and quadcopters. However, there is little prior theoretical work that explains the effectiveness of ILC even in the presence of large modeling errors, where optimal control methods using the misspecified model (MM) often perform poorly. Our work presents such a theoretical study of the performance of both ILC and MM on Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR) problems with unknown transition dynamics. We show that the suboptimality gap, as measured with respect to the optimal LQR controller, for ILC is lower than that for MM by higher order terms that become significant in the regime of high modeling errors. A key part of our analysis is the perturbation bounds for the discrete Ricatti equation in the finite horizon setting, where the solution is not a fixed point and requires tracking the error using recursive bounds. We back our theoretical findings with empirical experiments on a toy linear dynamical system with an approximate model, a nonlinear inverted pendulum system with misspecified mass, and a nonlinear planar quadrotor system in the presence of wind. Experiments show that ILC outperforms MM significantly, in terms of the cost of computed trajectories, when modeling errors are high.      
### 34.Quality-Aware Deep Reinforcement Learning for Streaming in Infrastructure-Assisted Connected Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09425.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a deep reinforcement learning-based video streaming scheme for mobility-aware vehicular networks, e.g., vehicles on the highway. We consider infrastructure-assisted and mmWave-based scenarios in which the macro base station (MBS) cannot directly provide the streaming service to vehicles due to the short range of mmWave beams so that small mmWave base stations (mBSs) along the road deliver the desired videos to users. For a smoother streaming service, the MBS proactively pushes video chunks to mBSs. This is done to support vehicles that are currently covered and/or will be by each mBS. We formulate the dynamic video delivery scheme that adaptively determines 1) which content, 2) what quality and 3) how many chunks to be proactively delivered from the MBS to mBSs using Markov decision process (MDP). Since it is difficult for the MBS to track all the channel conditions and the network states have extensive dimensions, we adopt the deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) algorithm for the DRL-based video delivery scheme. This paper finally shows that the DRL agent learns a streaming policy that pursues high average quality while limiting packet drops, avoiding playback stalls, reducing quality fluctuations and saving backhaul usage.      
### 35.Distributed Proximal Policy Optimization for Contention-Based Spectrum Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09420.pdf)
>  The increasing number of wireless devices operating in unlicensed spectrum motivates the development of intelligent adaptive approaches to spectrum access that go beyond traditional carrier sensing. We develop a novel distributed implementation of a policy gradient method known as Proximal Policy Optimization modelled on a two stage Markov decision process that enables such an intelligent approach, and still achieves decentralized contention-based medium access. In each time slot, a base station (BS) uses information from spectrum sensing and reception quality to autonomously decide whether or not to transmit on a given resource, with the goal of maximizing proportional fairness network-wide. Empirically, we find the proportional fairness reward accumulated by the policy gradient approach to be significantly higher than even a genie-aided adaptive energy detection threshold. This is further validated by the improved sum and maximum user throughputs achieved by our approach.      
### 36.Highly Accurate and Reliable Wireless Network Slicing in 5th Generation Networks: A Hybrid Deep Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09416.pdf)
>  In the current era, the next-generation networks like 5th generation (5G) and 6th generation (6G) networks require high security, low latency with a high reliable standards and capacity. In these networks, reconfigurable wireless network slicing is considered as one of the key elements for 5G and 6G networks. A reconfigurable slicing allows the operators to run various instances of the network using a single infrastructure for a better quality of services (QoS). The QoS can be achieved by reconfiguring and optimizing these networks using Artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms. To develop a smart decision-making mechanism for network management and restricting network slice failures, machine learning-enabled reconfigurable wireless network solutions are required. In this paper, we propose a hybrid deep learning model that consists of a convolution neural network (CNN) and long short term memory (LSTM). The CNN performs resource allocation, network reconfiguration, and slice selection while the LSTM is used for statistical information (load balancing, error rate etc.) regarding network slices. The applicability of the proposed model is validated by using multiple unknown devices, slice failure, and overloading conditions. The overall accuracy of 95.17% is achieved by the proposed model that reflects its applicability.      
### 37.Mixed Dual-Hop IRS-Assisted FSO-RF Communication System with H-ARQ Protocols  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09413.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) is an emerging key technology for the fifth-generation (5G) and beyond wireless communication systems to provide more robust and reliable communication links. In this paper, we propose a mixed dual-hop free-space optical (FSO)-radio frequency (RF) communication system that serves the end user via a decode-and-forward (DF) relay employing hybrid automatic repeat request (HARQ) protocols on both hops. Novel closed-form expressions of the probability density function (PDF) and cumulative density function (CDF) of the equivalent end-to-end signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) are computed for the considered system. Utilizing the obtained statistics functions, we derive the outage probability (OP) and packet error rate (PER) of the proposed system by considering generalized detection techniques on the source-to-relay (S-R) link with H-ARQ protocol and IRS having phase error. We obtain useful insights into the system performance through the asymptotic analysis which aids to compute the diversity gain. The derived analytical results are validated using Monte Carlo simulation.      
### 38.Hybrid Feedback for Autonomous Navigation in Environments with Arbitrary Convex Obstacles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09380.pdf)
>  We develop an autonomous navigation algorithm for a robot operating in two-dimensional environments cluttered with obstacles having arbitrary convex shapes. The proposed navigation approach relies on a hybrid feedback to guarantee global asymptotic stabilization of the robot towards a predefined target location while ensuring the forward invariance of the obstacle-free workspace. The main idea consists in designing an appropriate switching strategy between the move-to-target mode and the obstacle-avoidance mode based on the proximity of the robot with respect to the nearest obstacle. The proposed hybrid controller generates continuous velocity input trajectories when the robot is initialized away from the boundaries of the obstacles. Finally, we provide an algorithmic procedure for the sensor-based implementation of the proposed hybrid controller and validate its effectiveness through some simulation results.      
### 39.Consensus-based Distributed Optimization Enhanced by Integral Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09346.pdf)
>  Inspired and underpinned by the idea of integral feedback, a distributed constant gain algorithm is proposed for multi-agent networks to solve convex optimization problems with local linear constraints. Assuming agent interactions are modeled by an undirected graph, the algorithm is capable of achieving the optimum solution with an exponential convergence rate. Furthermore, inherited from the beneficial integral feedback, the proposed algorithm has attractive requirements on communication bandwidth and good robustness against disturbance. Both analytical proof and numerical simulations are provided to validate the effectiveness of the proposed distributed algorithms in solving constrained optimization problems.      
### 40.GAETS: A Graph Autoencoder Time Series Approach Towards Battery Parameter Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2111.09314.pdf)
>  Lithium-ion batteries are powering the ongoing transportation electrification revolution. Lithium-ion batteries possess higher energy density and favourable electrochemical properties which make it a preferable energy source for electric vehicles. Precise estimation of battery parameters (Charge capacity, voltage etc) is vital to estimate the available range in an electric vehicle. Graph-based estimation techniques enable us to understand the variable dependencies underpinning them to improve estimates. In this paper we employ Graph Neural Networks for battery parameter estimation, we introduce a unique graph autoencoder time series estimation approach. Variables in battery measurements are known to have an underlying relationship with each other in a certain correlation within variables of interest. We use graph autoencoder based on a non-linear version of NOTEARS as this allowed us to perform gradient-descent in learning the structure (instead of treating it as a combinatorial optimisation problem). The proposed architecture outperforms the state-of-the-art Graph Time Series (GTS) architecture for battery parameter estimation. We call our method GAETS (Graph AutoEncoder Time Series).      
