# ArXiv eess --Wed, 23 Dec 2020
### 1.Autonomous Charging of Electric Vehicle Fleets to Enhance Renewable Generation Dispatchability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12257.pdf)
>  A total 19% of generation capacity in California is offered by PV units and over some months, more than 10% of this energy is curtailed. In this research, a novel approach to reduce renewable generation curtailments and increasing system flexibility by means of electric vehicles' charging coordination is represented. The presented problem is a sequential decision making process, and is solved by fitted Q-iteration algorithm which unlike other reinforcement learning methods, needs fewer episodes of learning. Three case studies are presented to validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. These cases include aggregator load following, ramp service and utilization of non-deterministic PV generation. The results suggest that through this framework, EVs successfully learn how to adjust their charging schedule in stochastic scenarios where their trip times, as well as solar power generation are unknown beforehand.      
### 2.Automated Multi-Channel Segmentation for the 4D Myocardial Velocity Mapping Cardiac MR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12188.pdf)
>  Four-dimensional (4D) left ventricular myocardial velocity mapping (MVM) is a cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) technique that allows assessment of cardiac motion in three orthogonal directions. Accurate and reproducible delineation of the myocardium is crucial for accurate analysis of peak systolic and diastolic myocardial velocities. In addition to the conventionally available magnitude CMR data, 4D MVM also acquires three velocity-encoded phase datasets which are used to generate velocity maps. These can be used to facilitate and improve myocardial delineation. Based on the success of deep learning in medical image processing, we propose a novel automated framework that improves the standard U-Net based methods on these CMR multi-channel data (magnitude and phase) by cross-channel fusion with attention module and shape information based post-processing to achieve accurate delineation of both epicardium and endocardium contours. To evaluate the results, we employ the widely used Dice scores and the quantification of myocardial longitudinal peak velocities. Our proposed network trained with multi-channel data shows enhanced performance compared to standard U-Net based networks trained with single-channel data. Based on the results, our method provides compelling evidence for the design and application for the multi-channel image analysis of the 4D MVM CMR data.      
### 3.A PMU-Based Machine Learning Application for Fast Detection of Forced Oscillations from Wind Farms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12183.pdf)
>  Today's evolving power system contains an increasing amount of power electronic interfaced energy sources and loads that require a paradigm shift in utility operations. Sub-synchronous oscillations at frequencies around 13-15 Hz, for instance, have been reported by utilities due to wind farm controller interactions with the grid. Dynamics at such frequencies are unobservable by most SCADA tools due to low sampling frequencies and lack of synchronization. Real-time or off-line frequency domain analysis of phasor measurement unit (PMU) data has become a valuable method to identify such phenomena, at the expense of costly power system data and communication infrastructure. This article proposes an alternative machine learning (ML) based application for sub-synchronous oscillation detection in wind farm applications. The application is targeted for real-time implementation at the edge, resulting in significant savings in terms of data and communication requirements. Validation is performed using data from a North American wind farm operator.      
### 4.Cloud removal in remote sensing images using generative adversarial networks and SAR-to-optical image translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12180.pdf)
>  Satellite images are often contaminated by clouds. Cloud removal has received much attention due to the wide range of satellite image applications. As the clouds thicken, the process of removing the clouds becomes more challenging. In such cases, using auxiliary images such as near-infrared or synthetic aperture radar (SAR) for reconstructing is common. In this study, we attempt to solve the problem using two generative adversarial networks (GANs). The first translates SAR images into optical images, and the second removes clouds using the translated images of prior GAN. Also, we propose dilated residual inception blocks (DRIBs) instead of vanilla U-net in the generator networks and use structural similarity index measure (SSIM) in addition to the L1 Loss function. Reducing the number of downsamplings and expanding receptive fields by dilated convolutions increase the quality of output images. We used the SEN1-2 dataset to train and test both GANs, and we made cloudy images by adding synthetic clouds to optical images. The restored images are evaluated with PSNR and SSIM. We compare the proposed method with state-of-the-art deep learning models and achieve more accurate results in both SAR-to-optical translation and cloud removal parts.      
### 5.Fundamental Limits on the Maximum Deviations in Control Systems: How Short Can Distribution Tails be Made by Feedback?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12174.pdf)
>  In this paper, we adopt an information-theoretic approach to investigate the fundamental lower bounds on the maximum deviations in feedback control systems, where the plant is linear time-invariant while the controller can generically be any causal functions as long as it stabilizes the plant. It is seen in general that the lower bounds are characterized by the unstable poles (or nonminimum-phase zeros) of the plant as well as the level of randomness (as quantified by the conditional entropy) contained in the disturbance. Such bounds provide fundamental limits on how short the distribution tails in control systems can be made by feedback.      
### 6.Deep Learning of Cell Classification using Microscope Images of Intracellular Microtubule Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12125.pdf)
>  Microtubule networks (MTs) are a component of a cell that may indicate the presence of various chemical compounds and can be used to recognize properties such as treatment resistance. Therefore, the classification of MT images is of great relevance for cell diagnostics. Human experts find it particularly difficult to recognize the levels of chemical compound exposure of a cell. Improving the accuracy with automated techniques would have a significant impact on cell therapy. In this paper we present the application of Deep Learning to MT image classification and evaluate it on a large MT image dataset of animal cells with three degrees of exposure to a chemical agent. The results demonstrate that the learned deep network performs on par or better at the corresponding cell classification task than human experts. Specifically, we show that the task of recognizing different levels of chemical agent exposure can be handled significantly better by the neural network than by human experts.      
### 7.Prediction of Chronic Kidney Disease Using Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12089.pdf)
>  Deep neural Network (DNN) is becoming a focal point in Machine Learning research. Its application is penetrating into different fields and solving intricate and complex problems. DNN is now been applied in health image processing to detect various ailment such as cancer and diabetes. Another disease that is causing threat to our health is the kidney disease. This disease is becoming prevalent due to substances and elements we intake. Death is imminent and inevitable within few days without at least one functioning kidney. Ignoring the kidney malfunction can cause chronic kidney disease leading to death. Frequently, Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) and its symptoms are mild and gradual, often go unnoticed for years only to be realized lately. Bade, a Local Government of Yobe state in Nigeria has been a center of attention by medical practitioners due to the prevalence of CKD. Unfortunately, a technical approach in culminating the disease is yet to be attained. We obtained a record of 400 patients with 10 attributes as our dataset from Bade General Hospital. We used DNN model to predict the absence or presence of CKD in the patients. The model produced an accuracy of 98%. Furthermore, we identified and highlighted the Features importance to provide the ranking of the features used in the prediction of the CKD. The outcome revealed that two attributes; Creatinine and Bicarbonate have the highest influence on the CKD prediction.      
### 8.Design and Comparative Analysis of a Two-Stage Ultra-Low-Power Subthreshold Operational Amplifier in 180nm, 90nm, and 45nm technology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12088.pdf)
>  In this paper, a two-stage ultra-low-power operational amplifier is designed, and a comparative analysis of the proposed subthreshold complementary amplifier is presented between 180nm, 90nm, and 45nm CMOS technology. The proposed operational amplifier is compared across several different parameters to determine the optimal design. It achieves a maximum gain of around 75 dB and a phase margin of 76°, dissipating just 140nW with a supply voltage of 0.5 V which is well suited for biomedical applications that require low power and high gain. The proposed operational amplifier has been designed using a SPICE-based circuit simulator.      
### 9.Unsupervised Spatial-spectral Network Learning for Hyperspectral Compressive Snapshot Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12086.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral compressive imaging takes advantage of compressive sensing theory to achieve coded aperture snapshot measurement without temporal scanning, and the entire three-dimensional spatial-spectral data is captured by a two-dimensional projection during a single integration period. Its core issue is how to reconstruct the underlying hyperspectral image using compressive sensing reconstruction algorithms. Due to the diversity in the spectral response characteristics and wavelength range of different spectral imaging devices, previous works are often inadequate to capture complex spectral variations or lack the adaptive capacity to new hyperspectral imagers. In order to address these issues, we propose an unsupervised spatial-spectral network to reconstruct hyperspectral images only from the compressive snapshot measurement. The proposed network acts as a conditional generative model conditioned on the snapshot measurement, and it exploits the spatial-spectral attention module to capture the joint spatial-spectral correlation of hyperspectral images. The network parameters are optimized to make sure that the network output can closely match the given snapshot measurement according to the imaging model, thus the proposed network can adapt to different imaging settings, which can inherently enhance the applicability of the network. Extensive experiments upon multiple datasets demonstrate that our network can achieve better reconstruction results than the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 10.Wideband Channel Estimation with A Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12063.pdf)
>  Communication at high carrier frequencies such as millimeter wave (mmWave) and terahertz (THz) requires channel estimation for very large bandwidths at low SNR. Hence, allocating an orthogonal pilot tone for each coherence bandwidth leads to excessive number of pilots. We leverage generative adversarial networks (GANs) to accurately estimate frequency selective channels with few pilots at low SNR. The proposed estimator first learns to produce channel samples from the true but unknown channel distribution via training the generative network, and then uses this trained network as a prior to estimate the current channel by optimizing the network's input vector in light of the current received signal. Our results show that at an SNR of -5 dB, even if a transceiver with one-bit phase shifters is employed, our design achieves the same channel estimation error as an LS estimator with SNR = 20 dB or the LMMSE estimator at 2.5 dB, both with fully digital architectures. Additionally, the GAN-based estimator reduces the required number of pilots by about 70% without significantly increasing the estimation error and required SNR. We also show that the generative network does not appear to require retraining even if the number of clusters and rays change considerably.      
### 11.HDR Denoising and Deblurring by Learning Spatio-temporal Distortion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12009.pdf)
>  We seek to reconstruct sharp and noise-free high-dynamic range (HDR) video from a dual-exposure sensor that records different low-dynamic range (LDR) information in different pixel columns: Odd columns provide low-exposure, sharp, but noisy information; even columns complement this with less noisy, high-exposure, but motion-blurred data. Previous LDR work learns to deblur and denoise (DISTORTED-&gt;CLEAN) supervised by pairs of CLEAN and DISTORTED images. Regrettably, capturing DISTORTED sensor readings is time-consuming; as well, there is a lack of CLEAN HDR videos. We suggest a method to overcome those two limitations. First, we learn a different function instead: CLEAN-&gt;DISTORTED, which generates samples containing correlated pixel noise, and row and column noise, as well as motion blur from a low number of CLEAN sensor readings. Second, as there is not enough CLEAN HDR video available, we devise a method to learn from LDR video in-stead. Our approach compares favorably to several strong baselines, and can boost existing methods when they are re-trained on our data. Combined with spatial and temporal super-resolution, it enables applications such as re-lighting with low noise or blur.      
### 12.Complementary Time-Frequency Domain Networks for Dynamic Parallel MR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11974.pdf)
>  Purpose: To introduce a novel deep learning based approach for fast and high-quality dynamic multi-coil MR reconstruction by learning a complementary time-frequency domain network that exploits spatio-temporal correlations simultaneously from complementary domains. <br>Theory and Methods: Dynamic parallel MR image reconstruction is formulated as a multi-variable minimisation problem, where the data is regularised in combined temporal Fourier and spatial (x-f) domain as well as in spatio-temporal image (x-t) domain. An iterative algorithm based on variable splitting technique is derived, which alternates among signal de-aliasing steps in x-f and x-t spaces, a closed-form point-wise data consistency step and a weighted coupling step. The iterative model is embedded into a deep recurrent neural network which learns to recover the image via exploiting spatio-temporal redundancies in complementary domains. <br>Results: Experiments were performed on two datasets of highly undersampled multi-coil short-axis cardiac cine MRI scans. Results demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms the current state-of-the-art approaches both quantitatively and qualitatively. The proposed model can also generalise well to data acquired from a different scanner and data with pathologies that were not seen in the training set. <br>Conclusion: The work shows the benefit of reconstructing dynamic parallel MRI in complementary time-frequency domains with deep neural networks. The method can effectively and robustly reconstruct high-quality images from highly undersampled dynamic multi-coil data ($16 \times$ and $24 \times$ yielding 15s and 10s scan times respectively) with fast reconstruction speed (2.8s). This could potentially facilitate achieving fast single-breath-hold clinical 2D cardiac cine imaging.      
### 13.Implementation of PV Self-Consumption with Ramp-Rate Control Algorithm using a Day-to-Day Forecast battery charging, with a Vanadium Redox Flow Battery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11955.pdf)
>  The variability of solar resource by cloud passing can cause rapid power fluctuations on the output of photovoltaic systems. These fluctuations can negatively impact the electric grid, and smoothing techniques can be used as attempts to correct it. This work is focused on using a battery energy storage unit to manage, absorb or inject, the power output from the PV system, maintaining the ramp rate (RR) within a non-violation value, and an appropriate battery state of charge (SoC) for this RR management. For this purpose, the authors explore the vanadium redox flow battery (VRFB) technology for the experimental implementation of this strategy at real scale. A comparison among three energy management strategies (EMS) is carried out, namely a self-consumption maximization (SCM); SCM with a ramp-rate strategy (SCM+RR), and also this last strategy combined with night battery charging based on the day ahead weather forecast (SCM+RR+WF). The weather forecast allows a battery SoC management, preparing it for the next day power ramp rate control demands. These strategies are developed considering the physical and technical battery characteristics. Finally, the EMSs are evaluated and compared with the most suitable key performance indicators, including the self-consumption rate and the battery use, in one week.      
### 14.A Feasibility study for Deep learning based automated brain tumor segmentation using Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11952.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms have accounted for the rapid acceleration of research in artificial intelligence in medical image analysis, interpretation, and segmentation with many potential applications across various sub disciplines in medicine. However, only limited number of research which investigates these application scenarios, are deployed into the clinical sector for the evaluation of the real requirement and the practical challenges of the model deployment. In this research, a deep convolutional neural network (CNN) based classification network and Faster RCNN based localization network were developed for brain tumor MR image classification and tumor localization. A typical edge detection algorithm called Prewitt was used for tumor segmentation task, based on the output of the tumor localization. Overall performance of the proposed tumor segmentation architecture, was analyzed using objective quality parameters including Accuracy, Boundary Displacement Error (BDE), Dice score and confidence interval. A subjective quality assessment of the model was conducted based on the Double Stimulus Impairment Scale (DSIS) protocol using the input of medical expertise. It was observed that the confidence level of our segmented output was in a similar range to that of experts. Also, the Neurologists have rated the output of our model as highly accurate segmentation.      
### 15.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface-assisted Networks: Phase Alignment Categories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11921.pdf)
>  The reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is one of the promising technology contributing to the next generation smart radio environment. The application scenarios include massive connectivity support, signal enhancement, and security protection. One crucial difficulty of analyzing the RIS-assisted networks is that the channel performance is sensitive to the change of user receiving direction. This paper tackles the problem by categorizing the RIS illuminated space into four categories: perfect alignment, coherent alignment, random alignment, and destructive alignment. These four categories cover all the possible phase alignment conditions that a user could experience within the overall $2$ pi solid angle of RIS-illuminated space. We perform analysis for each of these categories, deriving analytical expressions for the outage probability and diversity order. Simulation results are presented to confirm the effectiveness of the proposed analytical results.      
### 16.Method for estimating hidden structures determined by unidentifiable state-space models and time-series data based on the Groebner basis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11906.pdf)
>  In this study, we propose a method for extracting the hidden algebraic structures of model parameters that are uniquely determined by observed time-series data and unidentifiable state-space models, explicitly and exhaustively. State-space models are often constructed based on the domain, for example, physical or biological. Such models include parameters that are assigned specific meanings in relation to the system under consideration, which is examined by estimating the parameters using the corresponding data. As the parameters of unidentifiable models cannot be uniquely determined from the given data, it is difficult to examine the systems described by such models. To overcome this difficulty, multiple possible sets of parameters are estimated and analysed in the exiting approaches; however, in general, all the possible parameters cannot be explored; therefore, considerations on the system using the estimated parameters become insufficient. In this study, focusing on certain structures determined by the observed data and models uniquely, even if they are unidentifiable, we introduce the concept of parameter variety. This is newly defined and proven to form algebraic varieties, in general. A computational algebraic method that relies on the Groebner basis for deriving the explicit representation of the varieties is presented along with the supporting theory. Furthermore, its application in the analysis of a model that describes virus dynamics is presented. With this, new insight on the dynamics overlooked by the conventional approach are discovered, confirming the applicability of our idea and the proposed method.      
### 17.Point Cloud Quality Assessment: Large-scale Dataset Construction and Learning-based No-Reference Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11895.pdf)
>  Full-reference (FR) point cloud quality assessment (PCQA) has achieved impressive progress in recent years. However, in many cases, obtaining the reference point cloud is difficult, so the no-reference (NR) methods have become a research hotspot. Since learning-based FR-PCQA methods should be driven by data, few researches about NR objective quality metrics are conducted due to lack of large-scale subjective point cloud dataset. The shortage of point cloud data restricts the development of NR-PCQA techniques. Besides, the distinctive property of point cloud format makes infeasible applying blind image quality assessment (IQA) methods directly to predict the quality scores of point clouds. In this paper, we establish a large-scale PCQA dataset, which includes 104 reference point clouds and more than 24,000 distorted point clouds. In the established dataset, each reference point cloud is augmented with 34 types of impairments (e.g., Gaussian noise, contrast distortion, geometry noise, local loss, and compression loss) at 7 different distortion levels. Besides, inspired by the hierarchical perception system and considering the intrinsic attribute of point clouds, an end-to-end sparse convolutional neural network (CNN) is designed to accurately estimate the subjective quality. We conduct experiments on the new dataset to evaluate the performance of the proposed network. The results demonstrate that the proposed network has reliable performance. The dataset presented in this work will be publicly accessible at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://smt.sjtu.edu.cn" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 18.Deep learning-based virtual refocusing of images using an engineered point-spread function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11892.pdf)
>  We present a virtual image refocusing method over an extended depth of field (DOF) enabled by cascaded neural networks and a double-helix point-spread function (DH-PSF). This network model, referred to as W-Net, is composed of two cascaded generator and discriminator network pairs. The first generator network learns to virtually refocus an input image onto a user-defined plane, while the second generator learns to perform a cross-modality image transformation, improving the lateral resolution of the output image. Using this W-Net model with DH-PSF engineering, we extend the DOF of a fluorescence microscope by ~20-fold. This approach can be applied to develop deep learning-enabled image reconstruction methods for localization microscopy techniques that utilize engineered PSFs to improve their imaging performance, including spatial resolution and volumetric imaging throughput.      
### 19.Joint Optimization of Trajectory, Propulsion and Thrust Powers for Covert UAV-on-UAV Video Tracking and Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11887.pdf)
>  Autonomous tracking of suspicious unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) by legitimate monitoring UAVs (or monitors) can be crucial to public safety and security. It is non-trivial to optimize the trajectory of a monitor while conceiving its monitoring intention, due to typically non-convex propulsion and thrust power functions. This paper presents a novel framework to jointly optimize the propulsion and thrust powers, as well as the 3D trajectory of a solar-powered monitor which conducts covert, video-based, UAV-on-UAV tracking and surveillance. A multi-objective problem is formulated to minimize the energy consumption of the monitor and maximize a weighted sum of distance keeping and altitude changing, which measures the disguising of the monitor. Based on the practical power models of the UAV propulsion, thrust and hovering, and the model of the harvested solar power, the problem is non-convex and intangible for existing solvers. We convexify the propulsion power by variable substitution, and linearize the solar power. With successive convex approximation, the resultant problem is then transformed with tightened constraints and efficiently solved by the proximal difference-of-convex algorithm with extrapolation in polynomial time. The proposed scheme can be also applied online. Extensive simulations corroborate the merits of the scheme, as compared to baseline schemes with partial or no disguising.      
### 20.Unambiguous Delay-Doppler Recovery from Random Phase Coded Pulses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11882.pdf)
>  Pulse Doppler radars suffer from range-Doppler ambiguity that translates into a trade-off between maximal unambiguous range and velocity. Several techniques, like the multiple PRFs (MPRF) method, have been proposed to mitigate this problem. The drawback of the MPRF method is that the received samples are not processed jointly, decreasing signal to noise ratio (SNR). To overcome the drawbacks of MPRF, we employ a random pulse phase coding approach to increase the unambiguous range region while preserving the unambiguous Doppler region. Our method encodes each pulse with a random phase, varying from pulse to pulse, and then processes the received samples jointly to resolve the range ambiguity. This technique increases the SNR through joint processing without the parameter matching procedures required in the MPRF method. The recovery algorithm is designed based on orthogonal matching pursuit so that it can be directly applied to either Nyquist or sub-Nyquist samples. The unambiguous delay-Doppler recovery condition is derived with compressed sensing theory in noiseless settings. In particular, an upper bound to the number of targets is given, with respect to the number of samples in each pulse repetition interval and the number of transmit pulses. Simulations show that in both regimes of Nyquist and sub-Nyquist samples our method outperforms the popular MPRF approach in terms of hit rate.      
### 21.Efficient and Visualizable Convolutional Neural Networks for COVID-19 Classification Using Chest CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11860.pdf)
>  The novel 2019 coronavirus disease (COVID-19) has infected over 65 million people worldwide as of December 4, 2020, pushing the world to the brink of social and economic collapse. With cases rising rapidly, deep learning has emerged as a promising diagnosis technique. However, identifying the most accurate models to characterize COVID-19 patients is challenging because comparing results obtained with different types of data and acquisition processes is non-trivial. In this paper, we evaluated and compared 40 different convolutional neural network architectures for COVID-19 diagnosis, serving as the first to consider the EfficientNet family for COVID-19 diagnosis. EfficientNet-B5 is identified as the best model with an accuracy of 0.9931+/-0.0021, F1 score of 0.9931+/-0.0020, sensitivity of 0.9952+/-0.0020, and specificity of 0.9912+/-0.0048. Intermediate activation maps and Gradient-weighted Class Activation Mappings offer human-interpretable evidence of the model's perception of ground-class opacities and consolidations, hinting towards a promising use-case of artificial intelligence-assisted radiology tools.      
### 22.Nonlocal Co-occurrence for Image Downscaling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11858.pdf)
>  Image downscaling is one of the widely used operations in image processing and computer graphics. It was recently demonstrated in the literature that kernel-based convolutional filters could be modified to develop efficient image downscaling algorithms. In this work, we present a new downscaling technique which is based on kernel-based image filtering concept. We propose to use pairwise co-occurrence similarity of the pixelpairs as the range kernel similarity in the filtering operation. The co-occurrence of the pixel-pair is learned directly from the input image. This co-occurrence learning is performed in a neighborhood based fashion all over the image. The proposed method can preserve the high-frequency structures, which were present in the input image, into the downscaled image. The resulting images retain visually important details and do not suffer from edge-blurring artifact. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach with extensive experiments on a large number of images downscaled with various downscaling factors.      
### 23.Objective Evaluation of Deep Uncertainty Predictions for COVID-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11840.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks (DNNs) have been widely applied for detecting COVID-19 in medical images. Existing studies mainly apply transfer learning and other data representation strategies to generate accurate point estimates. The generalization power of these networks is always questionable due to being developed using small datasets and failing to report their predictive confidence. Quantifying uncertainties associated with DNN predictions is a prerequisite for their trusted deployment in medical settings. Here we apply and evaluate three uncertainty quantification techniques for COVID-19 detection using chest X-Ray (CXR) images. The novel concept of uncertainty confusion matrix is proposed and new performance metrics for the objective evaluation of uncertainty estimates are introduced. Through comprehensive experiments, it is shown that networks pertained on CXR images outperform networks pretrained on natural image datasets such as ImageNet. Qualitatively and quantitatively evaluations also reveal that the predictive uncertainty estimates are statistically higher for erroneous predictions than correct predictions. Accordingly, uncertainty quantification methods are capable of flagging risky predictions with high uncertainty estimates. We also observe that ensemble methods more reliably capture uncertainties during the inference.      
### 24.Receding Horizon Optimization for Disturbance-aware Predictive Control of Power Electronic Inverters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11824.pdf)
>  A disturbance-aware predictive control policy is proposed for DC-AC power inverters with the receding horizon optimization approach. First, a discrete event-driven hybrid automaton model has been constructed for the nonlinear inverter system dynamics. A control problem of infinite discrete state-space transition sequence optimization is formulated. A receding horizon optimization approach is applied to solve the discrete optimization problem piece-wisely on-line. Accordingly, disturbance-aware adaptive control is proposed, the external disturbance is sampled and estimated by an on-line Recursive Least Square (RLS) algorithm. Then it is elaborated that the conventional PWM control solution is a subset of solutions of the proposed control strategy and the code-transition between them is provided. By adding extra PWM constraints to the proposed control strategy, an Optimal PWM Control Mode (OPCM) is introduced as an example. The proposed controller can freely operate under the original Optimal Discrete Control Mode (ODCM) and the OPCM. The numerical simulation results have verified that the proposed discrete control strategy has realized disturbance-aware adaptive control of DC-AC inversion against load-shift, and ODCM has better control performance than OPCM. In addition, the proposed modeling and control frame has the potential to support other forms of control modes.      
### 25.Scalable Deep Reinforcement Learning for Routing and Spectrum Access in Physical Layer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11783.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel and scalable reinforcement learning approach for simultaneous routing and spectrum access in wireless ad-hoc networks. In most previous works on reinforcement learning for network optimization, routing and spectrum access are tackled as separate tasks; further, the wireless links in the network are assumed to be fixed, and a different agent is trained for each transmission node -- this limits scalability and generalizability. In this paper, we account for the inherent signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) in the physical layer and propose a more scalable approach in which a single agent is associated with each flow. Specifically, a single agent makes all routing and spectrum access decisions as it moves along the frontier nodes of each flow. The agent is trained according to the physical layer characteristics of the environment using the future bottleneck SINR as a novel reward definition. This allows a highly effective routing strategy based on the geographic locations of the nodes in the wireless ad-hoc network. The proposed deep reinforcement learning strategy is capable of accounting for the mutual interference between the links. It learns to avoid interference by intelligently allocating spectrum slots and making routing decisions for the entire network in a scalable manner.      
### 26.Energy Efficiency Maximization in RIS-Aided Cell-Free Network with Limited Backhaul  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11736.pdf)
>  Integrating the reconfigurable intelligent surface in a cell-free (RIS-CF) network is an effective solution to improve the capacity and coverage of future wireless systems with low cost and power consumption. The reflecting coefficients of RISs can be programmed to enhance signals received at users. This letter addresses a joint design of transmit beamformers at access points and reflecting coefficients at RISs to maximize the energy efficiency (EE) of RIS-CF networks, taking into account the limited backhaul capacity constraints. Due to a very computationally challenging nonconvex problem, we develop a simple yet efficient alternating descent algorithm for its solution. Numerical results verify that the EE of RIS-CF networks is greatly improved, showing the benefit of using RISs.      
### 27.Hybrid Beamforming for Millimeter Wave Full-Duplex under Limited Receive Dynamic Range  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11647.pdf)
>  Full-duplex millimeter wave (mmWave) communication has shown increasing promise for self-interference cancellation via hybrid precoding and combining. This paper proposes a novel mmWave multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) design for configuring the analog and digital beamformers of a full-duplex transceiver. Our design is the first to holistically consider the key practical constraints of analog beamforming codebooks, a minimal number of radio frequency (RF) chains, limited channel knowledge, beam alignment, and a limited receive dynamic range. To prevent self-interference from saturating the receiver of a full-duplex device having limited dynamic range, our design addresses saturation on a per-antenna and per-RF chain basis. Numerical results evaluate our design in a variety of settings and validate the need to prevent receiver-side saturation. These results and the corresponding insights serve as useful design references for practical full-duplex mmWave transceivers.      
### 28.Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient for Relay Selection and Power Allocation in Cooperative Communication Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12114.pdf)
>  Cooperative communication is an effective approach to improve spectrum utilization. In this letter, we study the outage probability minimizing problem in a two-hop cooperative communication scenario, to improve the Quality-of-Service (QoS) of the system through appropriate relay selection and power allocation. We propose a deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) based learning framework, which can find an optimal solution for the problem without any assumption or prior knowledge of channel state information (CSI). The proposed method can deal with continuous action space, which is more advanced than other existing reinforcement learning (RL) based approaches. Simulation results reveal that the proposed method outperforms traditional RL method, which can improve the average communication success rate by about 5%.      
### 29.Deep Gaussian Processes for geophysical parameter retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12099.pdf)
>  This paper introduces deep Gaussian processes (DGPs) for geophysical parameter retrieval. Unlike the standard full GP model, the DGP accounts for complicated (modular, hierarchical) processes, provides an efficient solution that scales well to large datasets, and improves prediction accuracy over standard full and sparse GP models. We give empirical evidence of performance for estimation of surface dew point temperature from infrared sounding data.      
### 30.Limitation of Acyclic Oriented Graphs Matching as Cell Tracking Accuracy Measure when Evaluating Mitosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.12084.pdf)
>  Multi-object tracking (MOT) in computer vision and cell tracking in biomedical image analysis are two similar research fields, whose common aim is to achieve instance level object detection/segmentation and associate such objects across different video frames. However, one major difference between these two tasks is that cell tracking also aim to detect mitosis (cell division), which is typically not considered in MOT tasks. Therefore, the acyclic oriented graphs matching (AOGM) has been used as de facto standard evaluation metrics for cell tracking, rather than directly using the evaluation metrics in computer vision, such as multiple object tracking accuracy (MOTA), ID Switches (IDS), ID F1 Score (IDF1) etc. However, based on our experiments, we realized that AOGM did not always function as expected for mitosis events. In this paper, we exhibit the limitations of evaluating mitosis with AOGM using both simulated and real cell tracking data.      
### 31.Adversarial Meta Sampling for Multilingual Low-Resource Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11896.pdf)
>  Low-resource automatic speech recognition (ASR) is challenging, as the low-resource target language data cannot well train an ASR model. To solve this issue, meta-learning formulates ASR for each source language into many small ASR tasks and meta-learns a model initialization on all tasks from different source languages to access fast adaptation on unseen target languages. However, for different source languages, the quantity and difficulty vary greatly because of their different data scales and diverse phonological systems, which leads to task-quantity and task-difficulty imbalance issues and thus a failure of multilingual meta-learning ASR (MML-ASR). In this work, we solve this problem by developing a novel adversarial meta sampling (AMS) approach to improve MML-ASR. When sampling tasks in MML-ASR, AMS adaptively determines the task sampling probability for each source language. Specifically, for each source language, if the query loss is large, it means that its tasks are not well sampled to train ASR model in terms of its quantity and difficulty and thus should be sampled more frequently for extra learning. Inspired by this fact, we feed the historical task query loss of all source language domain into a network to learn a task sampling policy for adversarially increasing the current query loss of MML-ASR. Thus, the learnt task sampling policy can master the learning situation of each language and thus predicts good task sampling probability for each language for more effective learning. Finally, experiment results on two multilingual datasets show significant performance improvement when applying our AMS on MML-ASR, and also demonstrate the applicability of AMS to other low-resource speech tasks and transfer learning ASR approaches. Our codes are available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iamxiaoyubei/AMS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Modeling Deep Learning Based Privacy Attacks on Physical Mail  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11803.pdf)
>  Mail privacy protection aims to prevent unauthorized access to hidden content within an envelope since normal paper envelopes are not as safe as we think. In this paper, for the first time, we show that with a well designed deep learning model, the hidden content may be largely recovered without opening the envelope. We start by modeling deep learning-based privacy attacks on physical mail content as learning the mapping from the camera-captured envelope front face image to the hidden content, then we explicitly model the mapping as a combination of perspective transformation, image dehazing and denoising using a deep convolutional neural network, named Neural-STE (See-Through-Envelope). We show experimentally that hidden content details, such as texture and image structure, can be clearly recovered. Finally, our formulation and model allow us to design envelopes that can counter deep learning-based privacy attacks on physical mail.      
### 33.Dynamic penalty function approach for constraints handling in reinforcement learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11790.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is attracting attentions as an effective way to solve sequential optimization problems involving high dimensional state/action space and stochastic uncertainties. Many of such problems involve constraints expressed by inequalities. This study focuses on using RL to solve such constrained optimal control problems. Most of RL application studies have considered inequality constraints as soft constraints by adding penalty terms for violating the constraints to the reward function. However, while training neural networks to represent the value (or Q) function, a key step in RL, one can run into computational issues caused by the sharp change in the function value at the constraint boundary due to the large penalty imposed. This difficulty during training can lead to convergence problems and ultimately poor closed-loop performance. To address this problem, this study suggests the use of a dynamic penalty function which gradually and systematically increases the penalty factor during training as the iteration episodes proceed. First, we examined the ability of a neural network to represent an artificial value function when uniform, linear, or dynamic penalty functions are added to prevent constraint violation. The agent trained by a Deep Q Network (DQN) algorithm with the dynamic penalty function approach was compared with agents with other constant penalty functions in a simple vehicle control problem. Results show that the dynamic penalty approach can improve the neural network's approximation accuracy and that brings faster convergence to a solution closer to the optimal solution.      
### 34.On the effectiveness of signal decomposition, feature extraction and selection on lung sound classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11759.pdf)
>  Lung sounds refer to the sound generated by air moving through the respiratory system. These sounds, as most biomedical signals, are non-linear and non-stationary. A vital part of using the lung sound for disease detection is discrimination between normal lung sound and abnormal lung sound. In this paper, several approaches for classifying between no-crackle and crackle lung sounds are explored. Decomposition methods such as Empirical Mode Decomposition, Ensemble Empirical Mode Decomposition, and Discrete Wavelet Transform are used along with several feature extraction techniques like Principal Component Analysis and Autoencoder, to explore how various classifiers perform for the given task. An open-source dataset downloaded from Kaggle, containing chest auscultation of varying quality is used to determine the results of using the different decomposition and feature extraction combinations. It is found that when higher-order statistical and spectral features along with the Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients are fed to the classier we get the best performance with the kNN classifier giving the best accuracy. Furthermore, it is also demonstrated that using a combination of feature selection methods one can significantly reduce the number of input features without adversely affecting the accuracy of the classifiers.      
### 35.Contraband Materials Detection Within Volumetric 3D Computed Tomography Baggage Security Screening Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.11753.pdf)
>  Automatic prohibited object detection within 2D/3D X-ray Computed Tomography (CT) has been studied in literature to enhance the aviation security screening at checkpoints. Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have demonstrated superior performance in 2D X-ray imagery. However, there exists very limited proof of how deep neural networks perform in materials detection within volumetric 3D CT baggage screening imagery. We attempt to close this gap by applying Deep Neural Networks in 3D contraband substance detection based on their material signatures. Specifically, we formulate it as a 3D semantic segmentation problem to identify material types for all voxels based on which contraband materials can be detected. To this end, we firstly investigate 3D CNN based semantic segmentation algorithms such as 3D U-Net and its variants. In contrast to the original dense representation form of volumetric 3D CT data, we propose to convert the CT volumes into sparse point clouds which allows the use of point cloud processing approaches such as PointNet++ towards more efficient processing. Experimental results on a publicly available dataset (NEU ATR) demonstrate the effectiveness of both 3D U-Net and PointNet++ in materials detection in 3D CT imagery for baggage security screening.      
