# ArXiv eess --Thu, 3 Dec 2020
### 1.A Gaussian Process-based Price-Amount Curve Construction for Demand Response Provided by Internet Data Centers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01394.pdf)
>  For a Demand Response (DR) program with internet data centers (IDC), the Price-Amount curve that estimates how the potential DR amount depends on the DR price determined by power systems is crucial. Constructing this curve is challenging mainly due to the uncertainty in IDCs' operation. A novel Gaussian Process Regression-based estimation method is thus proposed. The variance of resulting curve reflecting the IDC operational uncertainty is also calculated.      
### 2.Gaussian Process-based Approach for Bilevel Optimization in Power Systems -- A Critical Load Restoration Case  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01388.pdf)
>  Bilevel optimization problems can be used to represent the collaborative interaction between a power system and grid-connected entities, called the followers, such as data centers. Most existing approaches assume that such followers' response behaviors are made available to the power system in the operation decision-making, which may be untenable in reality. This work presents a novel idea of solving bilevel optimization problems without assuming power systems' omniscience. The followers' responses will be represented by a function of the power system's decisions using Gaussian Process Regression. Then the two layers in the bilevel problem can be solved separately by the power system and its followers. This not only avoids the omniscience assumption, but also significantly increases the computational efficiency without compromising accuracy, especially for the problems with a complex lower layer. Moreover, a bilevel critical load restoration model is developed to test the proposed technique. Compared to the conventional methods, the proposed restoration model considers the load-side operation and the varying load marginal value, and can accurately estimate load-side loss and achieve better restoration solutions. Two case studies validate the advantages of the proposed approaches from different perspectives.      
### 3.Transient Stability Assessment of Networked Microgrids Using Neural Lyapunov Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01333.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a novel transient stability assessment tool for networked microgrids based on neural Lyapunov methods. Assessing transient stability is formulated as a problem of estimating the dynamic security region of networked microgrids. We leverage neural networks to learn a local Lyapunov function in the state space. The largest security region is estimated based on the learned neural Lyapunov function, and it is used for characterizing disturbances that the networked microgrids can tolerate. The proposed method is tested and validated in a grid-connected microgrid, three networked microgrids with mixed interface dynamics, and the IEEE 123-node feeder. Case studies suggest that the proposed method can address networked microgrids with heterogeneous interface dynamics, and in comparison with conventional methods that are based on quadratic Lyapunov functions, can characterize the security regions with much less conservativeness.      
### 4.Red Blood Cell Segmentation with Overlapping Cell Separation and Classification on Imbalanced Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01321.pdf)
>  Automated red blood cell classification on blood smear images helps hematologist to analyze RBC lab results in less time and cost. Overlapping cells can cause incorrect predicted results that have to separate into multiple single RBCs before classifying. To classify multiple classes with deep learning, imbalance problems are common in medical imaging because normal samples are always higher than rare disease samples. This paper presents a new method to segment and classify red blood cells from blood smear images, specifically to tackle cell overlapping and data imbalance problems. Focusing on overlapping cell separation, our segmentation process first estimates ellipses to represent red blood cells. The method detects the concave points and then finds the ellipses using directed ellipse fitting. The accuracy is 0.889 on 20 blood smear images. Classification requires balanced training datasets. However, some RBC types are rare. The imbalance ratio is 34.538 on 12 classes with 20,875 individual red blood cell samples. The use of machine learning for RBC classification with an imbalance dataset is hence more challenging than many other applications. We analyze techniques to deal with this problem. The best accuracy and f1 score are 0.921 and 0.8679 on EfficientNet-b1 with augmentation. Experimental results show that the weight balancing technique with augmentation has the potential to deal with imbalance problems by improving the f1 score on minority classes while data augmentation significantly improves the overall classification performance.      
### 5.Holographic Communication using Intelligent Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01315.pdf)
>  Holographic communication is intended as an holistic way to manipulate with unprecedented flexibility the electromagnetic field generated or sensed by an antenna. This is of particular interest when using large antennas at high frequency (e.g., the millimeter wave or terahertz), whose operating condition may easily fall in the Fresnel propagation region (radiating near-field), where the classical plane wave propagation assumption is no longer valid. This paper analyzes the optimal communication involving large intelligent surfaces, realized for example with metamaterials as possible enabling technology for holographic communication. It is shown that traditional propagation models must be revised and that, when exploiting spherical wave propagation in the Fresnel region with large surfaces, new opportunities are opened, for example, in terms of the number of orthogonal communication channels.      
### 6.Fighting together against the pandemic: learning multiple models on tomography images for COVID-19 diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01251.pdf)
>  The great challenge for the humanity of the year 2020 is the fight against COVID-19. The whole world is making a huge effort to find an effective vaccine with purpose to protect people not yet infected. The alternative solution remains early diagnosis, carried out through real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) test or thorax computer tomography (CT) scan images. Deep learning algorithms, specifically convolutional neural networks, represent a methodology for the image analysis. They optimize the classification design task, essential for an automatic approach on different types of images, including medical. In this paper, we adopt pretrained deep convolutional neural network architectures in order to diagnose COVID-19 disease on CT images. Our idea is inspired by what the whole of humanity is achieving, substantially the set of multiple contributions is better than the single one for the fight against the pandemic. Firstly, we adapt, and subsequently retrain, for our assumption some neural architectures adopted in other application domains. Secondly, we combine the knowledge extracted from images by neural architectures in an ensemble classification context. Experimental phase is performed on CT images dataset and results obtained show the effectiveness of the proposed approach with respect to state-of-the-art competitors.      
### 7.Channel Attention Networks for Robust MR Fingerprinting Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01241.pdf)
>  Magnetic Resonance Fingerprinting (MRF) enables simultaneous mapping of multiple tissue parameters such as T1 and T2 relaxation times. The working principle of MRF relies on varying acquisition parameters pseudo-randomly, so that each tissue generates its unique signal evolution during scanning. Even though MRF provides faster scanning, it has disadvantages such as erroneous and slow generation of the corresponding parametric maps, which needs to be improved. Moreover, there is a need for explainable architectures for understanding the guiding signals to generate accurate parametric maps. In this paper, we addressed both of these shortcomings by proposing a novel neural network architecture consisting of a channel-wise attention module and a fully convolutional network. The proposed approach, evaluated over 3 simulated MRF signals, reduces error in the reconstruction of tissue parameters by 8.88% for T1 and 75.44% for T2 with respect to state-of-the-art methods. Another contribution of this study is a new channel selection method: attention-based channel selection. Furthermore, the effect of patch size and temporal frames of MRF signal on channel reduction are analyzed by employing a channel-wise attention.      
### 8.Phase Based Manipulation of Airy Noise in Digital Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01190.pdf)
>  Any practical imaging system, be it reflection, refraction, or diffraction-based, is basically band limited and therefore is bound to be affected by airy pattern noise. Apodization of the passband is most often applied as a preferred method to get rid of these unwanted artifacts. But it comes at a cost of losing resolution as higher frequencies are tapered in apodization. Here, we propose and demonstrate a novel technique for discriminating the airy lobes based on their phase. We could thus eliminate the dominant noisy lobes without compromising with the resolution of the imaging system.      
### 9.Towards Intelligent Reconfigurable Wireless Physical Layer (PHY)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01153.pdf)
>  Next-generation wireless networks are getting significant attention because they promise 10-factor enhancement in mobile broadband along with the potential to enable new heterogeneous services. Services include massive machine type communications desired for Industrial 4.0 along with ultra-reliable low latency services for remote healthcare and vehicular communications. In this paper, we present the design of an intelligent and reconfigurable physical layer (PHY) to bring these services to reality. First, we design and implement the reconfigurable PHY via a hardware-software co-design approach on system-on-chip consisting of the ARM processor and field-programmable gate array (FPGA). The reconfigurable PHY is then made intelligent by augmenting it with online machine learning (OML) based decision-making algorithm. Such PHY can learn the environment (for example, wireless channel) and dynamically adapt the transceivers' configuration (i.e., modulation scheme, word-length) and select the wireless channel on-the-fly. Since the environment is unknown and changes with time, we make the OML architecture reconfigurable to enable dynamic switch between various OML algorithms on-the-fly. We have demonstrated the functional correctness of the proposed architecture for different environments and word-lengths. The detailed throughput, latency, and complexity analysis validate the feasibility and importance of the proposed intelligent and reconfigurable PHY in next-generation networks.      
### 10.Ultrasound Diagnosis of COVID-19: Robustness and Explainability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01145.pdf)
>  Diagnosis of COVID-19 at point of care is vital to the containment of the global pandemic. Point of care ultrasound (POCUS) provides rapid imagery of lungs to detect COVID-19 in patients in a repeatable and cost effective way. Previous work has used public datasets of POCUS videos to train an AI model for diagnosis that obtains high sensitivity. Due to the high stakes application we propose the use of robust and explainable techniques. We demonstrate experimentally that robust models have more stable predictions and offer improved interpretability. A framework of contrastive explanations based on adversarial perturbations is used to explain model predictions that aligns with human visual perception.      
### 11.Waveforms and End-to-End Efficiency in RF Wireless Power Transfer Using Digital Radio Transmitter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01108.pdf)
>  We study radio-frequency (RF) wireless power transfer (WPT) using a digital radio transmitter for applications where alternative analog transmit circuits are impractical. An important paramter for assessing the viability of an RF WPT system is its end-to-end efficiency. In this regard, we present a prototype test-bed comprising a software-defined radio (SDR) transmitter and an energy harvesting receiver with a low resistive load; employing an SDR makes our research meaningful for simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT). We analyze the effect of clipping and non-linear amplification at the SDR on multisine waveforms. Our experiments suggest that when the DC input power at the transmitter is constant, high peak-to-average power ratio (PAPR) multisine are unsuitable for RF WPT over a flat-fading channel, due to their low average radiated power. The results indicate that the end-to-end efficiency is positively correlated to the average RF power of the waveform, and that it reduces with increasing PAPR. Consequently, digital modulations such as phase-shift keying (PSK) and quadrature amplitude modeulation (QAM) yield better end-to-end efficiency than multisines. Moreover, the end-to-end efficiency of PSK and QAM signals is invariant of the transmission bit rate. An in-depth analysis of the end-to-end efficiency of WPT reveals that the transmitter efficiency is lower than the receiver efficiency. Furthermore, we study the impact of a reflecting surface on the end-to-end efficiency of WPT, and assess the transmission quality of the information signals by evaluating their error vector magnitude (EVM) for SWIPT. Overall, the experimental observations of end-to-end efficiency and EVM suggest that, while employing an SDR transmitter with fixed DC input power, a baseband quadrature PSK signal is most suitable for SWIPT at large, among PSK and QAM signals.      
### 12.Comparison of Attention-based Deep Learning Models for EEG Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01074.pdf)
>  Objective: To evaluate the impact on Electroencephalography (EEG) classification of different kinds of attention mechanisms in Deep Learning (DL) models. Methods: We compared three attention-enhanced DL models, the brand-new InstaGATs, an LSTM with attention and a CNN with attention. We used these models to classify normal and abnormal (i.e., artifactual or pathological) EEG patterns. Results: We achieved the state of the art in all classification problems, regardless the large variability of the datasets and the simple architecture of the attention-enhanced models. We could also prove that, depending on how the attention mechanism is applied and where the attention layer is located in the model, we can alternatively leverage the information contained in the time, frequency or space domain of the dataset. Conclusions: with this work, we shed light over the role of different attention mechanisms in the classification of normal and abnormal EEG patterns. Moreover, we discussed how they can exploit the intrinsic relationships in the temporal, frequency and spatial domains of our brain activity. Significance: Attention represents a promising strategy to evaluate the quality of the EEG information, and its relevance, in different real-world scenarios. Moreover, it can make it easier to parallelize the computation and, thus, to speed up the analysis of big electrophysiological (e.g., EEG) datasets.      
### 13.Adaptive prescribed-time disturbance observer using nonsingular terminal sliding mode control: Extended Kalman filter and particle swarm optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01026.pdf)
>  In this paper, adaptive prescribed finite time stabilization of uncertain single-input and single-output nonlinear systems is considered in the presence of unknown states, unknown parameters, external load disturbance, and non-symmetric input saturation. A prescribed finite time disturbance observer is designed to approximate the unmeasured external disturbance. Also, a nonsingular prescribed finite time terminal sliding mode control is proposed for the closed-loop control of the system with the non-symmetric input saturation. Extended Kalman filter algorithm is employed for the real-time estimations of the states and unknown parameters of the system. Moreover, particle swarm optimization algorithm is used to obtain the design parameters of the proposed disturbance observer and controller. To show the performance of designed control scheme, the proposed approach is employed to guarantee prescribed finite time stabilization of nonlinear vibration of a nonlocal strain gradient nanobeam. Finally, numerical simulations are performed to illustrate the effectiveness and performance of the developed adaptive control scheme for the vibration control of nanobeam in comparison to the conventional sliding mode control.      
### 14.ProsRegNet: A Deep Learning Framework for Registration of MRI and Histopathology Images of the Prostate  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00991.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is an increasingly important tool for the diagnosis and treatment of prostate cancer. However, interpretation of MRI suffers from high inter-observer variability across radiologists, thereby contributing to missed clinically significant cancers, overdiagnosed low-risk cancers, and frequent false positives. Interpretation of MRI could be greatly improved by providing radiologists with an answer key that clearly shows cancer locations on MRI. Registration of histopathology images from patients who had radical prostatectomy to pre-operative MRI allows such mapping of ground truth cancer labels onto MRI. However, traditional MRI-histopathology registration approaches are computationally expensive and require careful choices of the cost function and registration hyperparameters. This paper presents ProsRegNet, a deep learning-based pipeline to accelerate and simplify MRI-histopathology image registration in prostate cancer. Our pipeline consists of image preprocessing, estimation of affine and deformable transformations by deep neural networks, and mapping cancer labels from histopathology images onto MRI using estimated transformations. We trained our neural network using MR and histopathology images of 99 patients from our internal cohort (Cohort 1) and evaluated its performance using 53 patients from three different cohorts (an additional 12 from Cohort 1 and 41 from two public cohorts). Results show that our deep learning pipeline has achieved more accurate registration results and is at least 20 times faster than a state-of-the-art registration algorithm. This important advance will provide radiologists with highly accurate prostate MRI answer keys, thereby facilitating improvements in the detection of prostate cancer on MRI. Our code is freely available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pimed//ProsRegNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Speaker Recognition Based on Deep Learning: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00931.pdf)
>  Speaker recognition is a task of identifying persons from their voices. Recently, deep learning has dramatically revolutionized speaker recognition. However, there is lack of comprehensive reviews on the exciting progress. In this paper, we review several major subtasks of speaker recognition, including speaker verification, identification, diarization, and robust speaker recognition, with a focus on deep-learning-based methods. Because the major advantage of deep learning over conventional methods is its representation ability, which is able to produce highly abstract embedding features from utterances, we first pay close attention to deep-learning-based speaker feature extraction, including the inputs, network structures, temporal pooling strategies, and objective functions respectively, which are the fundamental components of many speaker recognition subtasks. Then, we make an overview of speaker diarization, with an emphasis of recent supervised, end-to-end, and online diarization. Finally, we survey robust speaker recognition from the perspectives of domain adaptation and speech enhancement, which are two major approaches of dealing with domain mismatch and noise problems. Popular and recently released corpora are listed at the end of the paper.      
### 16.Low Cost, Educational Internal Combustion Engine Electronic Control Unit Hardware-in-the-Loop Test Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00928.pdf)
>  Different hardware platforms and their associated real time operating systems that can be used in an educational laboratory for illustrating engine electronic control unit hardware in the loop testing are presented and compared in this paper. A Matlab graphical user interface prepared for generating synthetic crank and camshaft angular position sensor signals to be fed to the engine electronic control unit during hardware-in-the-loop testing is introduced. This graphical user interface is used to generate faulty sensor signals to check the response of the engine electronic control unit during hardware-in-the-loop simulation. Examples of faulty signals that can be generated with the graphical user interface are illustrated.      
### 17.MRI Images Analysis Method for Early Stage Alzheimer's Disease Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00830.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's disease is a neurogenerative disease that alters memories, cognitive functions leading to death. Early diagnosis of the disease, by detection of the preliminary stage, called Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI), remains a challenging issue. In this respect, we introduce, in this paper, a powerful classification architecture that implements the pre-trained network AlexNet to automatically extract the most prominent features from Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) images in order to detect the Alzheimer's disease at the MCI stage. The proposed method is evaluated using a big database from OASIS Database Brain. Various sections of the brain: frontal, sagittal and axial were used. The proposed method achieved 96.83% accuracy by using 420 subjects: 210 Normal and 210 MRI      
### 18.Generator Parameter Estimation by Q-Learning Based on PMU Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00803.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel Q-learning based approach is proposed for estimating the parameters of synchronous generators using PMU measurements. Event playback is used to generate model outputs under different parameters for training the agent in Q-learning. We assume that the exact values of some parameters in the model are not known by the agent in Q-learning. Then, an optimal history-dependent policy for the exploration-exploitation trade-off is planned. With given prior knowledge, the parameter vector can be viewed as states with a specific reward, which is a function of the fitting error compared with the measurements. The agent takes an action (either increasing or decreasing the parameter) and the estimated parameter will move to a new state. Based on the reward function, the optimal action policy will move the parameter set to a state with the highest reward. If multiple events are available, they will be used sequentially so that the updated $\mathbfcal{Q}$-value can be utilized to improve the computational efficiency. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is validated by estimating the parameters of the dynamic model of a synchronous generator.      
### 19.Combining Hybrid Input-Output Automaton and Game Theory for modelling Cyber-Physical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00788.pdf)
>  We consider a security setting in which the Cyber-Physical System (CPS) is composed of subnetworks where each subnetwork under ownership of one defender. Such CPS can be represented by an attack graph where the defenders are required to invest (subject to a budget constraint) on the graph's edges in order to protect their critical assets (where each defender's critical asset has a certain value to that defender if compromised). We model such CPS using Hybrid Input-Output Automaton (HIOA) where each subnetwork can represent a HIOA module. We first establish the building blocks needed in our setting. We then show the model that characterize the continuous time evolution of the investments and discrete transitions between different states (where each state represents different condition and/or perturbation) within the system. Finally, we provide a real-world CPS example to validate our modelling.      
### 20.Proper Selection of Obreshkov-Like Numerical Integrators Used as Numerical Differentiators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01375.pdf)
>  Criteria for Obreshkov-like numerical integrators to be used as numerical differentiators are proposed in this paper. The coefficients of a numerical integrator for the highest order derivative turn out to determine its suitability and potential hazards such as numerical oscillation and bias. The suitability of some existing Obreshkov-like numerical integrators is examined. It is revealed that the notorious numerical oscillations induced by the implicit trapezoidal method cannot always be eliminated by using the backward Euler method for a few time steps. Guided by the proposed criteria, a frequency response optimized integrator considering second order derivative is put forward which is suitable to be used as a numerical differentiator. Theoretical observations are verified in time domain via case studies.      
### 21.Binary input reconstruction for linear systems: a performance analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01339.pdf)
>  Recovering the digital input of a time-discrete linear system from its (noisy) output is a significant challenge in the fields of data transmission, deconvolution, channel equalization, and inverse modeling. A variety of algorithms have been developed for this purpose in the last decades, addressed to different models and performance/complexity requirements. In this paper, we implement a straightforward algorithm to reconstruct the binary input of a one-dimensional linear system with known probabilistic properties. Although suboptimal, this algorithm presents two main advantages: it works online (given the current output measurement, it decodes the current input bit) and has very low complexity. Moreover, we can theoretically analyze its performance: using results on convergence of probability measures, Markov Processes, and Iterated Random Functions we evaluate its long-time behavior in terms of mean square error.      
### 22.Sequence Generation using Deep Recurrent Networks and Embeddings: A study case in music  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01231.pdf)
>  Automatic generation of sequences has been a highly explored field in the last years. In particular, natural language processing and automatic music composition have gained importance due to the recent advances in machine learning and Neural Networks with intrinsic memory mechanisms such as Recurrent Neural Networks. This paper evaluates different types of memory mechanisms (memory cells) and analyses their performance in the field of music composition. The proposed approach considers music theory concepts such as transposition, and uses data transformations (embeddings) to introduce semantic meaning and improve the quality of the generated melodies. A set of quantitative metrics is presented to evaluate the performance of the proposed architecture automatically, measuring the tonality of the musical compositions.      
### 23.Impact of covariance mismatched training samples on constant false alarm rate detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01182.pdf)
>  The framework of this paper is that of adaptive detection in Gaussian noise with unknown covariance matrix when the training samples do not share the same covariance matrix as the vector under test. We consider a class of constant false alarm rate detectors which depend on two statistics $(\beta,\ttilde)$ whose distribution is parameter-free in the case of no mismatch and we analyze the impact of covariance mismatched training samples. More precisely, we provide a statistical representation of these two variables for an arbitrary mismatch. We show that covariance mismatch induces significant variations of the probability of false alarm and we investigate a way to mitigate this effect.      
### 24.Interpolatory-based data-driven pulsed fluidic actuator control design and experimental validation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.01061.pdf)
>  Pulsed fluidic actuators play a central role in the fluid flow experimental control strategy to achieve better performances of aeronautic devices. In this paper, we demonstrate, through an experimental test bench, how the interpolatory-based Loewner Data-Driven Control (L-DDC) framework is an appropriate tool for accurately controlling the outflow velocity of this family of actuators. The contributions of the paper are, first, to emphasize the simplicity and versatility of such a data-driven rationale in a constrained experimental setup, and second, to solve some practical fluid engineers concerns by detailing the complete workflow and key ingredients for successfully implementing a pulsed fluidic actuator controller from the data acquisition to the control implementation and validation stages.      
### 25.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces in Action for Non-Terrestrial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00968.pdf)
>  The next-generation communication technology is building on the cooperation of terrestrial networks with non-terrestrial networks that contain mega-constellations such as high-altitude platform station and low-Earth orbit satellites. On the other hand, humanity has embarked on a long road to establish new habitats in other planets by increasing its searches in space. This deems the cooperation of non-terrestrial networks with deep space networks necessary. In this regard, reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) are discussed to improve and escalate this collaboration owing to the fact that they perfectly match with the size, weight, and power restrictions of the operational environment of space. This study presents a comprehensive framework of RIS-assisted non-terrestrial and interplanetary communications by pinpointing challenges, use cases, and open issues along with simulation results.      
### 26.Anytime Control with Markovian Computation and Communication Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00962.pdf)
>  We investigate a novel anytime algorithm for wireless networked control with random dropouts. The controller computes sequences of tentative future control commands using time-varying (Markovian) computation resources. The sensor-controller and controller-actuator channel states are spatial- and time-correlated and are modeled as a multi-state Markov process. We develop a novel cycle-cost-based approach to obtain conditions on the nonlinear plant, controller, network and computation resources that guarantee stochastic stability of the plant.      
### 27.Mechanism Design for Demand Management in Energy Communities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00952.pdf)
>  We consider a demand management problem of an energy community, in which several users obtain energy from an external organization such as an energy company, and pay for the energy according to pre-specified prices that consist of a time-dependent price per unit of energy, as well as a separate price for peak demand. Since users' utilities are private information which they may not be willing to share, a mediator, known as the planner, is introduced to help optimize the overall satisfaction of the community (total utility minus total payments) by mechanism design. A mechanism consists of message spaces, and a set of tax and allocation functions for each user. Once we implement the mechanism, each user reports a message chosen from her own message space, and then receives some amount of energy determined by the allocation function and pays the tax specified by the tax function. A desirable mechanism induces a game in which Nash equilibria (NE) provides an allocation that coincides with the optimal allocation for the community. <br>As a starting point, we design a standard, "centralized" mechanism for the energy community with desirable properties such as full implementation, strong budget balance and individual rationality for both users and the planner. Then we extend this mechanism to the case of communities where message exchanges only happen among neighborhoods, and consequently, the tax and allocation functions of each user are only determined by the messages from her neighbors. All the properties designed for the centralized mechanism are preserved in the distributed mechanism. Subsequently, we address the problem of learning guarantees for both mechanisms. One set of learning dynamic was found in this primary work, that guarantees users will reach NE if they follow these dynamics.      
### 28.Interval-driven discrete-time general nonlinear robust control: stabilization with closed-loop robust DOA enlargement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00951.pdf)
>  This paper presents new results that allow one to address the discrete-time general nonlinear robust control problem. The uncertain system is described by a general nonlinear function set characterized by the nominal model and the corresponding modeling error bound. Traditional synthesis methods design parameters of a structured robust controller. The key aim of this paper is to find an unstructured robust controller set in the state-control space, which enlarges the estimate of the closed-loop robust domain of attraction (RDOA). Based on the interval analysis arithmetic, a numerical method to estimate the unstructured robust controller set is proposed and the rigorous convergence analysis is given. The existing RDOA results are constrained by the level-set of the Lyapunov function, whereas the results in this paper remove this limitation. Furthermore, a solvable optimization problem is formulated so the estimate of RDOA is enlarged by selecting a Lyapunov function from a Lyapunov function set of sum-of-squares polynomials. The method is then validated by a specific case simulation study and results show more extensive RDOA than the previous methods.      
### 29.Tensor Completion via Few-shot Convolutional Sparse Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00944.pdf)
>  Tensor data often suffer from missing value problem due to the complex high-dimensional structure while acquiring them. To complete the missing information, lots of Low-Rank Tensor Completion (LRTC) methods have been proposed, most of which depend on the low-rank property of tensor data. In this way, the low-rank component of the original data could be recovered roughly. However, the shortcoming is that the detail information can not be fully recovered. On the contrary, in the field of signal processing, Convolutional Sparse Coding (CSC) can provide a good representation of the high-frequency component of the image, which is generally associated with the detail component of the data. Nevertheless, CSC can not handle the low-frequency component well. To this end, we propose a novel method, LRTC-CSC, which adopts CSC as a supplementary regularization for LRTC to capture the high-frequency components. Therefore, LRTC-CSC can not only solve the missing value problem but also recover the details. Moreover, LRTC-CSC can be trained with small samples due to the sparsity characteristic of CSC. Extensive experiments show the effectiveness of LRTC-CSC, and quantitative evaluation indicates that the performance of our model is superior to state-of-the-art methods.      
### 30.Towards Imperceptible Adversarial Image Patches Based on Network Explanations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00909.pdf)
>  The vulnerability of deep neural networks (DNNs) for adversarial examples have attracted more attention. Many algorithms are proposed to craft powerful adversarial examples. However, these algorithms modifying the global or local region of pixels without taking into account network explanations. Hence, the perturbations are redundancy and easily detected by human eyes. In this paper, we propose a novel method to generate local region perturbations. The main idea is to find the contributing feature regions (CFRs) of images based on network explanations for perturbations. Due to the network explanations, the perturbations added to the CFRs are more effective than other regions. In our method, a soft mask matrix is designed to represent the CFRs for finely characterizing the contributions of each pixel. Based on this soft mask, we develop a new objective function with inverse temperature to search for optimal perturbations in CFRs. Extensive experiments are conducted on CIFAR-10 and ILSVRC2012, which demonstrate the effectiveness, including attack success rate, imperceptibility,and transferability.      
### 31.Separating Mesoscale and Submesoscale Flows from Clustered Drifter Trajectories  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00789.pdf)
>  Drifters deployed in close proximity collectively provide a unique observational data set with which to separate mesoscale and submesoscale flows. In this paper we provide a principled approach for doing so by fitting observed velocities to a local Taylor expansion of the velocity flow field. We demonstrate how to estimate mesoscale and submesoscale quantities that evolve slowly over time, as well as their associated statistical uncertainty. We show that in practice the mesoscale component of our model can explain much first and second-moment variability in drifter velocities, especially at low frequencies. This results in much lower and more meaningful measures of submesoscale diffusivity, which would otherwise be contaminated by unresolved mesoscale flow. We quantify these effects theoretically via computing Lagrangian frequency spectra, and demonstrate the usefulness of our methodology through simulations as well as with real observations from the LatMix deployment of drifters. The outcome of this method is a full Lagrangian decomposition of each drifter trajectory into three components that represent the background, mesoscale, and submesoscale flow.      
### 32.Hardware Implementation of Iterative Projection-Aggregation Decoding of Reed-Muller Codes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.00581.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a simplification and a corresponding hardware architecture for hard-decision recursive projection-aggregation (RPA) decoding of Reed-Muller (RM) codes. In particular, we transform the recursive structure of RPA decoding into a simpler and iterative structure with minimal error-correction degradation. Our simulation results for RM(7,3) show that the proposed simplification has a small error-correcting performance degradation (0.005 in terms of channel crossover probability) while reducing the average number of computations by up to 40%. In addition, we describe the first fully parallel hardware architecture for simplified RPA decoding. We present FPGA implementation results for an RM(6,3) code on a Xilinx Virtex-7 FPGA showing that our proposed architecture achieves a throughput of 171 Mbps at a frequency of 80 MHz.      
### 33.Broadband holography-assisted coherent imaging -- towards attosecond imaging at the nanoscale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.14463.pdf)
>  In recent years nanoscale coherent imaging has emerged as an indispensable imaging modality allowing to surpass the resolution limit given by classical imaging optics. At the same time, attosecond science has experienced enormous progress and has revealed the ultrafast dynamics in atoms, molecules, and complex materials. Combining attosecond temporal resolution of pump-probe experiments with nanometer spatial resolution would allow studying ultrafast dynamics on the smallest spatio-temporal scales but has not been demonstrated yet. Unfortunately, the large bandwidth of attosecond pulses usually hinders high-resolution coherent imaging. Here we present a robust holography-enhanced coherent imaging method, which allows combining high quality and high spatial resolution coherent imaging with a large spectral bandwidth. By implementing our method at a high harmonic source we demonstrate, for the first time, a spatial resolution of 34 nm (2.5 {\lambda}) in combination with a spectral bandwidth supporting a Fourier limited pulse duration of only 380 as. The method is single-shot capable, additionally retrieves the spectrum from the measured diffraction pattern, and is thus immune against shot-to-shot fluctuations. This paves the way for an ultrafast view on nanoscale dynamics e.g. ultrafast charge transfer or ultrafast spin currents being relevant for Petahertz electronics and future data storage.      
