# ArXiv eess --Tue, 3 May 2022
### 1.PreMovNet: Pre-Movement EEG-based Hand Kinematics Estimation for Grasp and Lift task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01050.pdf)
>  Kinematics decoding from brain activity helps in developing rehabilitation or power-augmenting brain-computer interface devices. Low-frequency signals recorded from non-invasive electroencephalography (EEG) are associated with the neural motor correlation utilised for motor trajectory decoding (MTD). In this communication, the ability to decode motor kinematics trajectory from pre-movement delta-band (0.5-3 Hz) EEG is investigated for the healthy participants. In particular, two deep learning-based neural decoders called PreMovNet-I and PreMovNet-II, are proposed that make use of motor-related neural information existing in the pre-movement EEG data. EEG data segments with various time lags of 150 ms, 200 ms, 250 ms, 300 ms, and 350 ms before the movement onset are utilised for the same. The MTD is presented for grasp-and-lift task (WAY-EEG-GAL dataset) using EEG with the various lags taken as input to the neural decoders. The performance of the proposed decoders are compared with the state-of-the-art multi-variable linear regression (mLR) model. Pearson correlation coefficient and hand trajectory are utilised as performance metric. The results demonstrate the viability of decoding 3D hand kinematics using pre-movement EEG data, enabling better control of BCI-based external devices such as exoskeleton/exosuit.      
### 2.GMSS: Graph-Based Multi-Task Self-Supervised Learning for EEG Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01030.pdf)
>  Previous electroencephalogram (EEG) emotion recognition relies on single-task learning, which may lead to overfitting and learned emotion features lacking generalization. In this paper, a graph-based multi-task self-supervised learning model (GMSS) for EEG emotion recognition is proposed. GMSS has the ability to learn more general representations by integrating multiple self-supervised tasks, including spatial and frequency jigsaw puzzle tasks, and contrastive learning tasks. By learning from multiple tasks simultaneously, GMSS can find a representation that captures all of the tasks thereby decreasing the chance of overfitting on the original task, i.e., emotion recognition task. In particular, the spatial jigsaw puzzle task aims to capture the intrinsic spatial relationships of different brain regions. Considering the importance of frequency information in EEG emotional signals, the goal of the frequency jigsaw puzzle task is to explore the crucial frequency bands for EEG emotion recognition. To further regularize the learned features and encourage the network to learn inherent representations, contrastive learning task is adopted in this work by mapping the transformed data into a common feature space. The performance of the proposed GMSS is compared with several popular unsupervised and supervised methods. Experiments on SEED, SEED-IV, and MPED datasets show that the proposed model has remarkable advantages in learning more discriminative and general features for EEG emotional signals.      
### 3.Off-resonance artifact correction for magnetic resonance imaging: a review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01028.pdf)
>  In magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), inhomogeneity in the main magnetic field used for imaging, referred to as off-resonance, can lead to image artifacts ranging from mild to severe depending on the application. Off-resonance artifacts, such as signal loss, geometric distortions, and blurring, can compromise the clinical and scientific utility of MR images. In this review, we describe sources of off-resonance in MRI, how off-resonance affects images, and strategies to prevent and correct for off-resonance. Given recent advances and the great potential of low field and/or portable MRI, we also highlight the advantages and challenges of imaging at low field with respect to off-resonance.      
### 4.Flood Risk Mitigation and Valve Control in Stormwater Systems: State-Space Modeling, Control Algorithms, and Case Studies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01017.pdf)
>  The increasing access to non-expensive sensors, computing power, and more accurate forecasting of storm events provides unique opportunities to shift flood management practices from static approaches to an optimization-based real-time control (RTC) of urban drainage systems. Recent studies have addressed a plethora of strategies for flood control in stormwater reservoirs; however, advanced control theoretic techniques are not yet fully investigated and applied to these systems. In addition, there is an absence of a coupled integrated control model for systems composed of watersheds, reservoirs, and channels for flood mitigation. <br>To this end, we develop a novel state-space model of hydrologic and hydrodynamic processes in reservoirs and one-dimensional channels. The model is tested under different types of reservoir control strategies based on real-time measurements (reactive control), and based on predictions of the future behavior of the system (predictive control) using rainfall forecastings. We apply the modeling approach in a system composed by a single watershed, reservoir, and a channel connected in series, respectively, for the San Antonio observed rainfall data. Results indicate that for flood mitigation, the predictive control strategy outperforms the reactive controls not only when applied for synthetic design storm events, but also for a continuous simulation. Moreover, the predictive control strategy requires smaller valve operations, while still guaranteeing efficient hydrological performance. From the results, we recommend the use of the model predictive control strategy to control stormwater systems due to the ability to handle different objective functions, which can be altered according to rainfall forecasting and shift the reservoir operation from flood-based control to strategies focused on increasing detention times, depending on the forecasting.      
### 5.A Meeting Transcription System for an Ad-Hoc Acoustic Sensor Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00944.pdf)
>  We propose a system that transcribes the conversation of a typical meeting scenario that is captured by a set of initially unsynchronized microphone arrays at unknown positions. It consists of subsystems for signal synchronization, including both sampling rate and sampling time offset estimation, diarization based on speaker and microphone array position estimation, multi-channel speech enhancement, and automatic speech recognition. With the estimated diarization information, a spatial mixture model is initialized that is used to estimate beamformer coefficients for source separation. Simulations show that the speech recognition accuracy can be improved by synchronizing and combining multiple distributed microphone arrays compared to a single compact microphone array. Furthermore, the proposed informed initialization of the spatial mixture model delivers a clear performance advantage over random initialization.      
### 6.Lightweight Image Enhancement Network for Mobile Devices Using Self-Feature Extraction and Dense Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00853.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural network (CNN) based image enhancement methods such as super-resolution and detail enhancement have achieved remarkable performances. However, amounts of operations including convolution and parameters within the networks cost high computing power and need huge memory resource, which limits the applications with on-device requirements. Lightweight image enhancement network should restore details, texture, and structural information from low-resolution input images while keeping their fidelity. To address these issues, a lightweight image enhancement network is proposed. The proposed network include self-feature extraction module which produces modulation parameters from low-quality image itself, and provides them to modulate the features in the network. Also, dense modulation block is proposed for unit block of the proposed network, which uses dense connections of concatenated features applied in modulation layers. Experimental results demonstrate better performance over existing approaches in terms of both quantitative and qualitative evaluations.      
### 7.Model-based Deep Learning Receiver Design for Rate-Splitting Multiple Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00849.pdf)
>  Effective and adaptive interference management is required in next generation wireless communication systems. To address this challenge, Rate-Splitting Multiple Access (RSMA), relying on multi-antenna rate-splitting (RS) at the transmitter and successive interference cancellation (SIC) at the receivers, has been intensively studied in recent years, albeit mostly under the assumption of perfect Channel State Information at the Receiver (CSIR) and ideal capacity-achieving modulation and coding schemes. To assess its practical performance, benefits, and limits under more realistic conditions, this work proposes a novel design for a practical RSMA receiver based on model-based deep learning (MBDL) methods, which aims to unite the simple structure of the conventional SIC receiver and the robustness and model agnosticism of deep learning techniques. The MBDL receiver is evaluated in terms of uncoded Symbol Error Rate (SER), throughput performance through Link-Level Simulations (LLS), and average training overhead. Also, a comparison with the SIC receiver, with perfect and imperfect CSIR, is given. Results reveal that the MBDL outperforms by a significant margin the SIC receiver with imperfect CSIR, due to its ability to generate on demand non-linear symbol detection boundaries in a pure data-driven manner.      
### 8.Predicting and Optimizing for Energy Efficient ACMV Systems: Computational Intelligence Approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00833.pdf)
>  In this study, a novel application of neural networks that predict thermal comfort states of occupants is proposed with accuracy over 95%, and two optimization algorithms are proposed and evaluated under two real cases (general offices and lecture theatres/conference rooms scenarios) in Singapore. The two optimization algorithms are Bayesian Gaussian process optimization (BGPO) and augmented firefly algorithm (AFA). Based on our earlier studies, the models of energy consumption were developed and well-trained through neural networks. This study focuses on using novel active approaches to evaluate thermal comfort of occupants and so as to solves a multiple-objective problem that aims to balance energy-efficiency of centralized air-conditioning systems and thermal comfort of occupants. The study results show that both BGPO and AFA are feasible to resolve this no prior knowledge-based optimization problem effectively. However, the optimal solutions of AFA are more consistent than those of BGPO at given sample sizes. The best energy saving rates (ESR) of BGPO and AFA are around -21% and -10% respectively at energy-efficient user preference for both Case 1 and Case 2. As a result, an potential benefit of S$1219.1 can be achieved annually for this experimental laboratory level in Singapore.      
### 9.Statistical Analysis of Received Signal Strength in Industrial IoT Distributed Massive MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00815.pdf)
>  The Fifth Generation (5G) of wireless networks introduced native support for Machine-Type Communication (MTC), which is a key enabler for the Internet of Things (IoT) revolution. Current 5G standards are not yet capable of fully satisfying the requirements of critical MTC (cMTC) and massive MTC (mMTC) use cases. This is the main reason why industry and academia have already started working on technical solutions for beyond-5G and Sixth Generation (6G) networks. One technological solution that has been extensively studied is the combination of network densification, massive Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (mMIMO) systems and user-centric design, which is known as distributed mMIMO or Cell-Free (CF) mMIMO. Under this new paradigm, there are no longer cell boundaries: all the Access Points (APs) on the network cooperate to jointly serve all the devices. In this paper, we compare the performance of traditional mMIMO and different distributed mMIMO setups, and quantify the macro diversity and signal spatial diversity performance they provide. Aiming at the uplink in industrial indoor scenarios, we adopt a path loss model based on real measurement campaigns. Monte Carlo simulation results show that the grid deployment of APs provide higher average channel gains, but radio stripes deployments provide lower variability of the received signal strength.      
### 10.Balanced Performance Between Energy-Delay and Bit Error Rate in UAV Relay Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00797.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new strategy for simultaneously reducing energy consumption, transmission delays, and bit error rate in Unmanned Aerial Vehicle UAV networks. A UAV is fitted with a wireless Bidirectional Relay BR to enable coverage network extension and increase transmission throughput. The downside of the BR advantages is the delay in data transmission caused by the UAV movement. A consequence of this delay is increased total energy consumption, causing further degradation in bit error rate performance, especially at high SNR levels. In wireless communication, the trade-off between delay and energy consumption is, fortunately, possible to improve performance. Therefore, this study aims to enhance UAV network performance by reducing energy consumption, data transmission delay, and bit error rate. A multi-objective algorithm is employed to generate an adaptive optimal energy allocation strategy based on the balance between energy consumption and transmission delays. The results of theoretical analysis are illustrated with several examples. As herein demonstrated, the proposed solution effectively balances delay and energy efficiency in a customised system design and improves the bit error rate in UAV networks      
### 11.Black-box stability analysis of hybrid systems with sample-based multiple Lyapunov functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00699.pdf)
>  We present a framework based on multiple Lyapunov functions to find probabilistic data-driven guarantees on the stability of unknown constrained switching linear systems (CSLS), which are switching linear systems whose switching signal is constrained by an automaton. The stability of a CSLS is characterized by its constrained joint spectral radius (CJSR). Inspired by the scenario approach and previous work on unconstrained switching systems, we characterize the number of observations needed to find sufficient conditions on the (in-)stability of a CSLS using the notion of CJSR. More precisely, our contribution is the following: we derive a probabilistic upper bound on the CJSR of an unknown CSLS from a finite number of observations. We also derive a deterministic lower bound on the CJSR. From this we obtain a probabilistic method to characterize the stability of an unknown CSLS.      
### 12.Unsupervised Denoising of Optical Coherence Tomography Images with Dual_Merged CycleWGAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00698.pdf)
>  Nosie is an important cause of low quality Optical coherence tomography (OCT) image. The neural network model based on Convolutional neural networks(CNNs) has demonstrated its excellent performance in image denoising. However, OCT image denoising still faces great challenges because many previous neural network algorithms required a large number of labeled data, which might cost much time or is expensive. Besides, these CNN-based algorithms need numerous parameters and good tuning techniques, which is hardware resources consuming. To solved above problems, We proposed a new Cycle-Consistent Generative Adversarial Nets called Dual-Merged Cycle-WGAN for retinal OCT image denoiseing, which has remarkable performance with less unlabeled traning data. Our model consists of two Cycle-GAN networks with imporved generator, descriminator and wasserstein loss to achieve good training stability and better performance. Using image merge technique between two Cycle-GAN networks, our model could obtain more detailed information and hence better training effect. The effectiveness and generality of our proposed network has been proved via ablation experiments and comparative experiments. Compared with other state-of-the-art methods, our unsupervised method obtains best subjective visual effect and higher evaluation objective indicators.      
### 13.Learning stability guarantees for data-driven constrained switching linear systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00696.pdf)
>  We consider stability analysis of constrained switching linear systems in which the dynamics are unknown and whose switching signal is constrained by an automaton. We propose a data-driven Lyapunov framework for providing probabilistic stability guarantees based on data harvested from observations of the system. By generalizing previous results on arbitrary switching linear systems, we show that, by sampling a finite number of observations, we are able to construct an approximate Lyapunov function for the underlying system. Moreover, we show that the entropy of the language accepted by the automaton allows to bound the number of samples needed in order to reach some pre-specified accuracy.      
### 14.Variation-cognizant Probabilistic Power Flow Analysis via Multi-task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00598.pdf)
>  With an increasing high penetration of solar photovoltaic generation in electric power grids, voltage phasors and branch power flows experience more severe fluctuations. In this context, probabilistic power flow (PPF) study aims at characterizing the statistical properties of the state of the system with respect to the random power injections. To avoid repeated power flow calculations involved in PPF study, the present paper leverages regression algorithms and neural networks to improve the estimation performance and speed up the computation. Specifically, based on the variation level of the voltage magnitude at each bus, we develop either a linear regression or a fully connected neural network to approximate the inverse AC power flow mappings. The proposed multi-task learning technique further improves the accuracy of branch flow estimation by incorporating the errors of voltage angle differences into the loss function design. Tested on IEEE-300 and IEEE-1354 bus systems with real data, the proposed methods achieve better performance in estimating voltage phasors and branch flows.      
### 15.Heterogeneous graph neural network for power allocation in multicarrier-division duplex cell-free massive MIMO systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00546.pdf)
>  In-band full duplex-based cell-free (IBFD-CF) systems suffer from severe interference problem including self-interference (SI) and cross-link interference (CLI), especially when cell-free (CF) systems are operated in a distributed way. To this end, we propose multicarrier-division duplex (MDD) as an enabler for full-duplex (FD)-style operation in distributed CF massive MIMO systems, where DL and UL transmissions take place simultaneously at the same frequency band but mutually orthogonal subcarrier sets. In order to maximize the spectral efficiency (SE) in the proposed systems, we present heterogeneous graph neural network specific for CF systems (CF-HGNN), which consists of an adaptive node embedding layer, meta-path based message passing, meta-path based attention and downstream power allocation learning. In particular, the adaptive node embedding layer can handle the varying number of access points (APs), mobile stations (MSs) and subcarriers, and the involved attention mechanism enables each AP/MS node in CF-HGNN to aggregate the information from interfering path and communication path with different priorities. Numerical results show that CF-HGNN is capable of using $10^4$ times less operation time to achieve the 99% performance of the SE of quadratic transform and successive convex approximation (QT-SCA). Additionally, CF-HGNN also significantly outperforms unfair greedy method in terms of SE performance. Furthermore, CF-HGNN exhibits good adaptivity to varying number of nodes and subcarriers, and also generalization ability to different sizes of CF network.      
### 16.A Novel Hybrid Backscatter and Conventional Algorithm for Multi-Hop IoT Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00535.pdf)
>  This paper investigates a multi-hop cognitive radio network in terms of end-to-end bit delivery. The network exploits backscatter communication (BackCom) and harvest-then-transmit (HTT) mode in a hybrid manner. Such a network can be used in internet of things (IoT) applications in which IoT users coexist with a primary network (PN) and use the primary spectrum to transmit data in both BackCom and HTT modes. Besides, such users can harvest energy from the primary signals. A novel hybrid backscatter and conventional transmission (HBCT) algorithm is proposed in order to maximize end-to-end bit delivery by jointly optimizing time and power allocations. For this goal, we formulate a non-convex optimization problem. Next, we transform the problem into a convex one and develop a new analytical formulation by which we calculate the optimal power and time allocation in closed-form equations. The numerical results demonstrate the superiority of HBCT compared with current schemes.      
### 17.Controlled Power System Separation Using Generator PMU Data and System Kinetic Energy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00513.pdf)
>  With the growing number of severe system disturbances and blackouts around the world, controlled system separation is becoming an increasingly important system integrity protection scheme (SIPS) to save the electric power system from a complete or partial disintegration. A successful controlled splitting approach should at least tackle the following two well-known and interrelated problems: "when to split?" and "where to split?". Multiple previous publications consider these problems separately, and even those pursuing a combined approach propose solutions with limited applicability. In this paper, we are proposing a novel PMU-based detector of loss of synchronism that utilizes generator rotor angles and speeds to promptly detect rotor angle instabilities over a wide area. Moreover, we are showing how our loss of synchronism detection principle can be coupled with the known controlled splitting techniques to form an integrated defense scheme against unintentional loss of synchronism. The performance of this wide-area SIPS is demonstrated on the IEEE 39-bus test power system for various types of unstable conditions.      
### 18.Dataset-free Deep learning Method for Low-Dose CT Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00463.pdf)
>  Low-dose CT (LDCT) imaging attracted a considerable interest for the reduction of the object's exposure to X-ray radiation. In recent years, supervised deep learning has been extensively studied for LDCT image reconstruction, which trains a network over a dataset containing many pairs of normal-dose and low-dose images. However, the challenge on collecting many such pairs in the clinical setup limits the application of such supervised-learning-based methods for LDCT image reconstruction in practice. Aiming at addressing the challenges raised by the collection of training dataset, this paper proposed a unsupervised deep learning method for LDCT image reconstruction, which does not require any external training data. The proposed method is built on a re-parametrization technique for Bayesian inference via deep network with random weights, combined with additional total variational (TV) regularization. The experiments show that the proposed method noticeably outperforms existing dataset-free image reconstruction methods on the test data.      
### 19.Controller Hardware-in-the-loop (C-HIL) Testing of Decentralized EV-Grid Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00460.pdf)
>  Present grid infrastructure is unprepared for the wide-scale integration of electric vehicles (EVs). Real-time grid simulation and hardware testing are necessary for the fast and accurate development of EV charging control strategies that are applicable in the field to mitigate their adverse effects. To help facilitate this goal, in this study, we develop a controller verification testbed using a baseline bidirectional AC/DC converter, commonly used in on-board EV chargers, within a hardware-in-the-loop (HIL) test system. The converter runs real-time on a very-fast time scale and integrates into an external grid simulator. We utilize the strength of the HIL device in simulating power electronics while simultaneously realizing a complex distribution grid operation in real-time. The whole system holistically provides an opportunity to see the implementation benefits of a decentralized charging algorithm on the voltage stability of the distribution grid. The study presents a step-by-step approach to developing and testing controllers, providing an essential contribution in the field demonstration of decentralized EV charger control strategies.      
### 20.Positive Consensus for Heterogeneous Multi-agent Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00431.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a positive consensus problem for some high-order linear multi-agent systems. Compared with existing consensus results, the most distinct feature of the formulated problem is that the state variables of all heterogeneous agents are confined to the positive orthant. To solve this problem, we first present some auxiliary multi-agent systems as positive local reference generators and then incorporate the reference generator into some applicable decentralized tracking controller for each agent. The proposed two different kinds of distributed algorithms are proven to solve the positive consensus problem fulfilling certain prescribed pattern for this multi-agent system under switching topology. A simulation example is finally given to illustrate the effectiveness of our design.      
### 21.Stable Reinforcement Learning for Optimal Frequency Control: A Distributed Averaging-Based Integral Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00411.pdf)
>  Frequency control plays a pivotal role in reliable power system operations. It is conventionally performed in a hierarchical way that first rapidly stabilizes the frequency deviations and then slowly recovers the nominal frequency. However, as the generation mix shifts from synchronous generators to renewable resources, power systems experience larger and faster frequency fluctuations due to the loss of inertia, which adversely impacts the frequency stability. This has motivated active research in algorithms that jointly address frequency degradation and economic efficiency in a fast timescale, among which the distributed averaging-based integral (DAI) control is a notable one that sets controllable power injections directly proportional to the integrals of frequency deviation and economic inefficiency signals. Nevertheless, DAI do not typically consider the transient performance of the system following power disturbances and has been restricted to quadratic operational cost functions. This manuscript aims to leverage nonlinear optimal controllers to simultaneously achieve optimal transient frequency control and find the most economic power dispatch for frequency restoration. To this end, we integrate reinforcement learning (RL) to the classic DAI, which results in RL-DAI. Specifically, we use RL to learn a neural network-based control policy mapping from the integral variables of DAI to the controllable power injections which provides optimal transient frequency control, while DAI inherently ensures the frequency restoration and optimal economic dispatch. Compared to existing methods, we provide provable guarantees on the stability of the learned controllers and extend allowable cost functions to a much larger class. Simulations on the 39-bus New England system illustrate our results.      
### 22.Ensuring Resilience Against Stealthy Attacks on Cyber-Physical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00372.pdf)
>  This article provides a tool for analyzing mechanisms that aim to achieve resilience against stealthy, or undetectable, attacks on cyber-physical systems (CPSs). We consider attackers who are able to corrupt all of the inputs and outputs of the system. To counter such attackers, a response scheme must be implemented that keeps the attacker from corrupting the inputs and outputs of the system for certain periods of time. To aid in the design of such a response scheme, our tool provides sufficient lengths for these periods of time in order to ensure safety with a particular probability. We provide a conservative upper bound on how long the system can remain under stealthy attack before the safety constraints are violated. Furthermore, we show how a detector limits the set of biases an attacker can exert on the system while still remaining stealthy, aiding a system operator in the design of the detector. Our contributions are demonstrated with an illustrative example.      
### 23.Direct closed-loop identification of continuous-time systems using fixed-pole observer model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00368.pdf)
>  This paper provides a method for obtaining a continuous-time model of a target system in a closed-loop environment from input-output data alone. The proposed method is based on a fixed-pole observer model, which is a reasonable continuous-time version of the innovation model in discrete-time and allows the identification of unstable target systems in closed-loop environments with unknown controllers. The method is within the framework of the stabilized output error method and shares usability advantages such as robustness to noise with complex dynamics and applicability to a wide class of models, in addition to advantages derived from continuous-time models such as tolerance to system stiffness and easy access to physical knowledge. The effectiveness of the method is illustrated through numerical examples.      
### 24.End-to-End Signal Classification in Signed Cumulative Distribution Transform Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00348.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new end-to-end signal classification method using the signed cumulative distribution transform (SCDT). We adopt a transport-based generative model to define the classification problem. We then make use of mathematical properties of the SCDT to render the problem easier in transform domain, and solve for the class of an unknown sample using a nearest local subspace (NLS) search algorithm in SCDT domain. Experiments show that the proposed method provides high accuracy classification results while being data efficient, robust to out-of-distribution samples, and competitive in terms of computational complexity with respect to the deep learning end-to-end classification methods. The implementation of the proposed method in Python language is integrated as a part of the software package PyTransKit (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rohdelab/PyTransKit" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 25.Physics-guided Terahertz Computational Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00327.pdf)
>  Visualizing information inside objects is an ever-lasting need to bridge the world from physics, chemistry, biology to computation. Among all tomographic techniques, terahertz (THz) computational imaging has demonstrated its unique sensing features to digitalize multi-dimensional object information in a non-destructive, non-ionizing, and non-invasive way. Applying modern signal processing and physics-guided modalities, THz computational imaging systems are now launched in various application fields in industrial inspection, security screening, chemical inspection and non-destructive evaluation. In this article, we overview recent advances in THz computational imaging modalities in the aspects of system configuration, wave propagation and interaction models, physics-guided algorithm for digitalizing interior information of imaged objects. Several image restoration and reconstruction issues based on multi-dimensional THz signals are further discussed, which provides a crosslink between material digitalization, functional property extraction, and multi-dimensional imager utilization from a signal processing perspective.      
### 26.Terahertz Spatio-Temporal Deep Learning Computed Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00324.pdf)
>  Terahertz computed tomography (THz CT) has drawn significant attention because of its unique capability to bring multi-dimensional object information from invisible to visible. However, current physics-model-based THz CT modalities present low data use efficiency on time-resolved THz signals and low model fusion extensibility, limiting their application fields' practical use. In this paper, we propose a supervised THz deep learning computed tomography (THz DL-CT) framework based on time-domain information. THz DL-CT restores superior THz tomographic images of 3D objects by extracting features from spatio-temporal THz signals without any prior material information. Compared with conventional and machine learning based methods, THz DL-CT delivers at least 50.2%, and 52.6% superior in root mean square error (RMSE) and structural similarity index (SSIM), respectively. Additionally, we have experimentally demonstrated that the pretrained THz DL-CT model can generalize to reconstruct multi-material systems with no prerequisite information. THz CT through the DL data fusion approach provides a new pathway for non-invasive functional imaging in object investigation.      
### 27.Baselines and Protocols for Household Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00288.pdf)
>  Speaker recognition on household devices, such as smart speakers, features several challenges: (i) robustness across a vast number of heterogeneous domains (households), (ii) short utterances, (iii) possibly absent speaker labels of the enrollment data (passive enrollment), and (iv) presence of unknown persons (guests). While many commercial products exist, there is less published research and no publicly-available evaluation protocols or open-source baselines. Our work serves to bridge this gap by providing an accessible evaluation benchmark derived from public resources (VoxCeleb and ASVspoof 2019 data) along with a preliminary pool of open-source baselines. This includes four algorithms for active enrollment (speaker labels available) and one algorithm for passive enrollment.      
### 28.Synchronous Multistep Predictive Spectral Control of the Switching Distortion in DC--DC Converters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00251.pdf)
>  In automotive power electronics, distortion and electromagnetic interference (EMI) generated by the switching action of power semiconductors can be a significant challenge for the design of a compact, lightweight vehicle. As semiconductor switching frequencies increase, e.g., through the introduction of new materials, such as gallium nitride and silicon carbide, this problem becomes more severe. We present a control scheme for an automotive dc-to-dc converter that reduces the EMI generated by shaping switching distortion predictively at the run time. The multistep model-predictive control scheme chooses the subsequent switching state that optimizes the output spectrum according to predefined criteria. To achieve real-time operation, it evaluates the possible switching state candidates for the next modulation step without explicitly solving a single Fourier transform. In addition, the switching rate and voltage ripple are controlled in a single unified control law. We present and experimentally validate that the control scheme can indeed run at real time already with currently available mid-range hardware. The results demonstrate that the largest spectral peak of the switching distortion can be decreased by 48 dB compared to conventional pulse-width modulation. Furthermore, spectral gaps can be implemented in the output distortion and altered in real-time, allowing certain frequency bands -- e.g., bands used by other sensitive electronics such as sensors, communication busses, or tuners -- to be kept free of EMI from the converter's switching actions.      
### 29.Local Topology Inference of Mobile Robotic Networks under Formation Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00243.pdf)
>  The interaction topology is critical for efficient cooperation of mobile robotic networks (MRNs). We focus on the local topology inference problem of MRNs under formation control, where an inference robot with limited observation range can manoeuvre among the formation robots. This problem faces new challenges brought by the highly coupled influence of unobservable formation robots, inaccessible formation inputs, and unknown interaction range. The novel idea here is to advocate a range-shrink strategy to perfectly avoid the influence of unobservable robots while filtering the input. To that end, we develop consecutive algorithms to determine a feasible constant robot subset from the changing robot set within the observation range, and estimate the formation input and the interaction range. Then, an ordinary least squares based local topology estimator is designed with the previously inferred information. Resorting to the concentration measure, we prove the convergence rate and accuracy of the proposed estimator, taking the estimation errors of previous steps into account. Extensions on nonidentical observation slots and more complicated scenarios are also analyzed. Comprehensive simulation tests and method comparisons corroborate the theoretical findings.      
### 30.On Dynamic Ray Tracing and Anticipative Channel Prediction for Dynamic Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00237.pdf)
>  Ray tracing algorithms, that can simulate multipath radio propagation in presence of geometric obstacles such as buildings, objects or vehicles, are becoming quite popular, due to the increasing availability of digital environment databases and high-performance computation platforms, such as multicore computers and cloud computing services. When objects or vehicles are moving, which is the case of industrial or vehicular environments, multiple successive representations of the environment ("snapshots") and multiple ray tracing runs are often necessary, which require a great human effort and a great deal of computation resources. Recently, the Dynamic Ray Tracing (DRT) approach has been proposed to predict the multipath evolution within a given time lapse on the base of the current multipath geometry, assuming constant speeds and/or accelerations for moving objects, using analytical extrapolation formulas. This is done without re-running a full ray tracing for every "snapshot" of the environment, therefore with a great computation time saving. When DRT is embedded in a mobile radio system and used in real-time, ahead-of-time (or anticipative) field prediction is possible that opens the way to interesting applications. In the present work, a full-3D DRT algorithm is presented that allows to account for multiple reflections, edge diffraction and diffuse scattering for the general case where moving objects can translate and rotate. For the purpose of validation, the model is first applied to some ideal cases and then to realistic cases where results are compared with conventional ray tracing simulation and measurements available in the literature.      
### 31.Research on Sparsity Measures for Rotating Machinery Health Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00178.pdf)
>  Machine health management is one of the main research contents of PHM technology, which aims to monitor the health states of machines online and evaluate degradation stages through real-time sensor data. In recent years, classic sparsity measures such as kurtosis, Lp/Lq norm, pq-mean, smoothness index, negative entropy, and Gini index have been widely used to characterize the impulsivity of repetitive transients. Since smoothness index and negative entropy were proposed, the sparse properties have not been fully analyzed. The first work of this paper is to analyze six properties of smoothness index and negative entropy. In addition, this paper conducts a thorough investigation on multivariate power average function and finds that existing classical sparsity measures can be respectively reformulated as the ratio of multivariate power mean functions (MPMFs). Finally, a general paradigm of index design are proposed for the expansion of sparsity measures family, and several newly designed dimensionless health indexes are given as examples. Two different run-to-failure bearing datasets were used to analyze and validate the capabilities and advantages of the newly designed health indexes. Experimental results prove that the newly designed health indexes show good performance in terms of monotonic degradation description, first fault occurrence time determination and degradation state assessment.      
### 32.A new safety-guided design methodology to complement model-based safety analysis for safety assurance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00152.pdf)
>  With the rapid advancement of Formal Methods, Model-based Safety Analysis (MBSA) has been gaining tremendous attention for its ability to rigorously verify whether the safety-critical scenarios are adequately addressed by the design solution of a cyber-physical human system. However, there is a gap. If specific safety-critical scenarios are not included in the given design solution (i.e., the model) in the first place, the results of MBSA cannot be trusted for safety assurance. To tackle this problem, we propose a new safety-guided design methodology (called STPA+) to complement MBSA. Inspired by STPA, STPA+ treats a system as a control structure, which is particularly fit for systems with complex interactions between human, machine, and automation. Three methods are developed in STPA+ to tackle the possible omissions of safety-critical scenarios caused by incorrectly defined safety constraints, improperly constrained process model, and inadequately designed controller. In this way, STPA+ directly derives an adequately defined design solution as the input to an MBSA verification program and bridges the gap between current MBSA approaches and safety assurance.      
### 33.Receiver Design for MIMO Unsourced Random Access with SKP Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00138.pdf)
>  In this letter, we extend the sparse Kronecker-product (SKP) coding scheme, originally designed for the additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) channel, to multiple input multiple output (MIMO) unsourced random access (URA). With the SKP coding adopted for MIMO transmission, we develop an efficient Bayesian iterative receiver design to solve the intended challenging trilinear factorization problem. Numerical results show that the proposed design outperforms the existing counterparts, and that it performs well in all simulated settings with various antenna sizes and active-user numbers.      
### 34.An Approach for Fast Cascading Failure Simulation in Dynamic Models of Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00103.pdf)
>  The ground truth for cascading failure in power system can only be obtained through a detailed dynamic model involving nonlinear differential and algebraic equations whose solution process is computationally expensive. This has prohibited adoption of such models for cascading failure simulation. To solve this, we propose a fast cascading failure simulation approach based on implicit Backward Euler method (BEM) with stiff decay property. Unfortunately, BEM suffers from hyperstability issue in case of oscillatory instability and converges to the unstable equilibrium. We propose a predictor-corrector approach to fully address the hyperstability issue in BEM. The predictor identifies oscillatory instability based on eigendecomposition of the system matrix at the post-disturbance unstable equilibrium obtained as a byproduct of BEM. The corrector uses right eigenvectors to identify the group of machines participating in the unstable mode. This helps in applying appropriate protection schemes as in ground truth. We use Trapezoidal method (TM)-based simulation as the benchmark to validate the results of the proposed approach on the IEEE 118-bus network, 2,383-bus Polish grid, and IEEE 68-bus system. The proposed approach is able to track the cascade path and replicate the end results of TM-based simulation with very high accuracy while reducing the average simulation time by approximately 10-35 fold. The proposed approach was also compared with the partitioned method, which led to similar conclusions.      
### 35.Fast and Scalable Human Pose Estimation using mmWave Point Cloud  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00097.pdf)
>  Millimeter-Wave (mmWave) radar can enable high-resolution human pose estimation with low cost and computational requirements. However, mmWave data point cloud, the primary input to processing algorithms, is highly sparse and carries significantly less information than other alternatives such as video frames. Furthermore, the scarce labeled mmWave data impedes the development of machine learning (ML) models that can generalize to unseen scenarios. We propose a fast and scalable human pose estimation (FUSE) framework that combines multi-frame representation and meta-learning to address these challenges. Experimental evaluations show that FUSE adapts to the unseen scenarios 4$\times$ faster than current supervised learning approaches and estimates human joint coordinates with about 7 cm mean absolute error.      
### 36.Sizing Battery Energy Storage and PV System in an Extreme Fast Charging Station Considering Uncertainties and Battery Degradation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00074.pdf)
>  This paper presents mixed integer linear programming (MILP) formulations to obtain optimal sizing for a battery energy storage system (BESS) and solar generation system in an extreme fast charging station (XFCS) to reduce the annualized total cost. The proposed model characterizes a typical year with eight representative scenarios and obtains the optimal energy management for the station and BESS operation to exploit the energy arbitrage for each scenario. Contrasting extant literature, this paper proposes a constant power constant voltage (CPCV) based improved probabilistic approach to model the XFCS charging demand for weekdays and weekends. This paper also accounts for the monthly and annual demand charges based on realistic utility tariffs. Furthermore, BESS life degradation is considered in the model to ensure no replacement is needed during the considered planning horizon. Different from the literature, this paper offers pragmatic MILP formulations to tally BESS charge/discharge cycles using the cumulative charge/discharge energy concept. McCormick relaxations and the Big-M method are utilized to relax the bi-linear terms in the BESS operational constraints. Finally, a robust optimization-based MILP model is proposed and leveraged to account for uncertainties in electricity price, solar generation, and XFCS demand. Case studies were performed to signify the efficacy of the proposed formulations.      
### 37.Wav2Seq: Pre-training Speech-to-Text Encoder-Decoder Models Using Pseudo Languages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01086.pdf)
>  We introduce Wav2Seq, the first self-supervised approach to pre-train both parts of encoder-decoder models for speech data. We induce a pseudo language as a compact discrete representation, and formulate a self-supervised pseudo speech recognition task -- transcribing audio inputs into pseudo subword sequences. This process stands on its own, or can be applied as low-cost second-stage pre-training. We experiment with automatic speech recognition (ASR), spoken named entity recognition, and speech-to-text translation. We set new state-of-the-art results for end-to-end spoken named entity recognition, and show consistent improvements on 20 language pairs for speech-to-text translation, even when competing methods use additional text data for training. Finally, on ASR, our approach enables encoder-decoder methods to benefit from pre-training for all parts of the network, and shows comparable performance to highly optimized recent methods.      
### 38.Generalized MPI Multi-Patch Reconstruction using Clusters of similar System Matrices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01083.pdf)
>  The tomographic imaging method magnetic particle imaging (MPI) requires a multi-patch approach for capturing large field of views. This approach consists of a continuous or stepwise spatial shift of a small sub-volume of only few cubic centimeters size, which is scanned using one or multiple excitation fields in the kHz range. Under the assumption of ideal magnetic fields, the MPI system matrix is shift invariant and in turn a single matrix suffices for image reconstruction significantly reducing the calibration time and reconstruction effort. For large field imperfections, however, the method can lead to severe image artifacts. In the present work we generalize the efficient multi-patch reconstruction to work under non-ideal field conditions, where shift invariance holds only approximately for small shifts of the sub-volume. Patches are clustered based on a magnetic-field-based metric such that in each cluster the shift invariance holds in good approximation. The total number of clusters is the main parameter of our method and allows to trade off calibration time and image artifacts. The magnetic-field-based metric allows to perform the clustering without prior knowledge of the system matrices. The developed reconstruction algorithm is evaluated on a multi-patch measurement sequence with 15 patches, where efficient multi-patch reconstruction with a single calibration measurement leads to strong image artifacts. Analysis reveals that calibration measurements can be decreased from 15 to 11 with no visible image artifacts. A further reduction to 9 is possible with only slight degradation in image quality.      
### 39.Safety-Critical Manipulation for Collision-Free Food Preparation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01026.pdf)
>  Recent advances allow for the automation of food preparation in high-throughput environments, yet the successful deployment of these robots requires the planning and execution of quick, robust, and ultimately collision-free behaviors. In this work, we showcase a novel framework for modifying previously generated trajectories of robotic manipulators in highly detailed and dynamic collision environments using Control Barrier Functions (CBFs). This method dynamically re-plans previously validated behaviors in the presence of changing environments -- and does so in a computationally efficient manner. Moreover, the approach provides rigorous safety guarantees of the resulting trajectories, factoring in the true underlying dynamics of the manipulator. This methodology is extensively validated on a full-scale robotic manipulator in a real-world cooking environment, and has resulted in substantial improvements in computation time and robustness over re-planning.      
### 40.HarmoF0: Logarithmic Scale Dilated Convolution For Pitch Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.01019.pdf)
>  Sounds, especially music, contain various harmonic components scattered in the frequency dimension. It is difficult for normal convolutional neural networks to observe these overtones. This paper introduces a multiple rates dilated causal convolution (MRDC-Conv) method to capture the harmonic structure in logarithmic scale spectrograms efficiently. The harmonic is helpful for pitch estimation, which is important for many sound processing applications. We propose HarmoF0, a fully convolutional network, to evaluate the MRDC-Conv and other dilated convolutions in pitch estimation. The results show that this model outperforms the DeepF0, yields state-of-the-art performance in three datasets, and simultaneously reduces more than 90% parameters. We also find that it has stronger noise resistance and fewer octave errors.      
### 41.Wireless LAN sensing with smart antennas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00973.pdf)
>  The paper targets the problem of human motion detection using Wireless Local Area Network devices (WiFi) equipped with pattern reconfigurable antennas. Motion sensing is obtained by monitoring the body-induced alterations of the ambient WiFi signals originated from smart antennas supporting the beam-steering technology, thus allowing to channelize the antenna radiation pattern to pre-defined spots of interest. We first discuss signal and Channel State Information (CSI) processing and sanitization. Next, we describe the motion detection algorithm based on Angle-of-Arrival (AoA) monitoring. Proposed algorithms are validated experimentally inside a large size smart home environment.      
### 42.Music Interpretation Analysis. A Multimodal Approach To Score-Informed Resynthesis of Piano Recordings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00941.pdf)
>  This Thesis discusses the development of technologies for the automatic resynthesis of music recordings using digital synthesizers. First, the main issue is identified in the understanding of how Music Information Processing (MIP) methods can take into consideration the influence of the acoustic context on the music performance. For this, a novel conceptual and mathematical framework named "Music Interpretation Analysis" (MIA) is presented. In the proposed framework, a distinction is made between the "performance" - the physical action of playing - and the "interpretation" - the action that the performer wishes to achieve. Second, the Thesis describes further works aiming at the democratization of music production tools via automatic resynthesis: 1) it elaborates software and file formats for historical music archiving and multimodal machine-learning datasets; 2) it explores and extends MIP technologies; 3) it presents the mathematical foundations of the MIA framework and shows preliminary evaluations to demonstrate the effectiveness of the approach      
### 43.A Novel Speech-Driven Lip-Sync Model with CNN and LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00916.pdf)
>  Generating synchronized and natural lip movement with speech is one of the most important tasks in creating realistic virtual characters. In this paper, we present a combined deep neural network of one-dimensional convolutions and LSTM to generate vertex displacement of a 3D template face model from variable-length speech input. The motion of the lower part of the face, which is represented by the vertex movement of 3D lip shapes, is consistent with the input speech. In order to enhance the robustness of the network to different sound signals, we adapt a trained speech recognition model to extract speech feature, and a velocity loss term is adopted to reduce the jitter of generated facial animation. We recorded a series of videos of a Chinese adult speaking Mandarin and created a new speech-animation dataset to compensate the lack of such public data. Qualitative and quantitative evaluations indicate that our model is able to generate smooth and natural lip movements synchronized with speech.      
### 44.Low-Complexity Designs of Symbol-Level Precoding for MU-MISO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00891.pdf)
>  Symbol-level precoding (SLP), which converts the harmful multi-user interference (MUI) into beneficial signals, can significantly improve symbol-error-rate (SER) performance in multi-user communication systems. While enjoying symbolic gain, however, the complicated non-linear symbol-by-symbol precoder design suffers high computational complexity exponential with the number of users, which is unaffordable in realistic systems. In this paper, we propose a novel low-complexity grouped SLP (G-SLP) approach and develop efficient design algorithms for typical max-min fairness and power minimization problems. In particular, after dividing all users into several groups, the precoders for each group are separately designed on a symbol-by-symbol basis by only utilizing the symbol information of the users in that group, in which the intra-group MUI is exploited using the concept of constructive interference (CI) and the inter-group MUI is also effectively suppressed. In order to further reduce the computational complexity, we utilize the Lagrangian dual, Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) conditions and the majorization-minimization (MM) method to transform the resulting problems into more tractable forms, and develop efficient algorithms for obtaining closed-form solutions to them. Extensive simulation results illustrate that the proposed G-SLP strategy and design algorithms dramatically reduce the computational complexity without causing significant performance loss compared with the traditional SLP schemes.      
### 45.Hierarchical Decompositions of Stochastic Pursuit-Evasion Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00885.pdf)
>  In this work we present a hierarchical framework for solving discrete stochastic pursuit-evasion games (PEGs) in large grid worlds. With a partition of the grid world into superstates (e.g., "rooms"), the proposed approach creates a two-resolution decision-making process, which consists of a set of local PEGs at the original state level and an aggregated PEG at the superstate level. Having much smaller cardinality, the local games can be easily solved to a Nash equilibrium. To connect the decision-making at the two resolutions, we use the Nash values of the local PEGs as the rewards for the aggregated game. Through numerical simulations, we show that the proposed hierarchical framework significantly reduces the computation overhead, while still maintaining a satisfactory level of performance when competing against the flat Nash global policies.      
### 46.An Information Maximization Based Blind Source Separation Approach for Dependent and Independent Sources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00794.pdf)
>  We introduce a new information maximization (infomax) approach for the blind source separation problem. The proposed framework provides an information-theoretic perspective for determinant maximization-based structured matrix factorization methods such as nonnegative and polytopic matrix factorization. For this purpose, we use an alternative joint entropy measure based on the log-determinant of covariance, which we refer to as log-determinant (LD) entropy. The corresponding (LD) mutual information between two vectors reflects a level of their correlation. We pose the infomax BSS criterion as the maximization of the LD-mutual information between the input and output of the separator under the constraint that the output vectors lie in a presumed domain set. In contrast to the ICA infomax approach, the proposed information maximization approach can separate both dependent and independent sources. Furthermore, we can provide a finite sample guarantee for the perfect separation condition in the noiseless case.      
### 47.BSRA: Block-based Super Resolution Accelerator with Hardware Efficient Pixel Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00777.pdf)
>  Increasingly, convolution neural network (CNN) based super resolution models have been proposed for better reconstruction results, but their large model size and complicated structure inhibit their real-time hardware implementation. Current hardware designs are limited to a plain network and suffer from lower quality and high memory bandwidth requirements. This paper proposes a super resolution hardware accelerator with hardware efficient pixel attention that just needs 25.9K parameters and simple structure but achieves 0.38dB better reconstruction images than the widely used FSRCNN. The accelerator adopts full model block wise convolution for full model layer fusion to reduce external memory access to model input and output only. In addition, CNN and pixel attention are well supported by PE arrays with distributed weights. The final implementation can support full HD image reconstruction at 30 frames per second with TSMC 40nm CMOS process.      
### 48.A CAD Framework for Simulation of Network Level Attack on Platoons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00769.pdf)
>  Recent developments in the smart mobility domain have transformed automobiles into networked transportation agents helping realize new age, large-scale intelligent transportation systems (ITS). The motivation behind such networked transportation is to improve road safety as well as traffic efficiency. In this setup, vehicles can share information about their speed and/or acceleration values among themselves and infrastructures can share traffic signal data with them. This enables the connected vehicles (CVs) to stay informed about their surroundings while moving. However, the inter-vehicle communication channels significantly broaden the attack surface. The inter-vehicle network enables an attacker to remotely launch attacks. An attacker can create collision as well as hamper performance by reducing the traffic efficiency. Thus, security vulnerabilities must be taken into consideration in the early phase of the development cycle of CVs. To the best of our knowledge, there exists no such automated simulation tool using which engineers can verify the performance of CV prototypes in the presence of an attacker. In this work, we present an automated tool flow that facilitates false data injection attack synthesis and simulation on customizable platoon structure and vehicle dynamics. This tool can be used to simulate as well as design and verify control-theoretic light-weight attack detection and mitigation algorithms for CVs.      
### 49.Result and Congestion Aware Optimal Routing and Partial Offloading in Collaborative Edge Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00714.pdf)
>  Collaborative edge computing (CEC) is an emerging paradigm where heterogeneous edge devices (stakeholders) collaborate to fulfill computation tasks, such as model training or video processing, by sharing communication and computation resources. Nevertheless, the optimal data/result routing and computation offloading strategy in CEC with arbitrary topology still remains an open problem. In this paper, we formulate a partial-offloading and multi-hop routing model for arbitrarily divisible tasks. Each node individually decides the computation of the received data and the forwarding of data/result traffic. In contrast to most existing works, our model applies to tasks with non-negligible result size, and enables separable data sources and result destinations. We propose a network-wide cost minimization problem with congestion-aware cost to jointly optimize routing and computation offloading. This problem covers various performance metrics and constraints, such as average queueing delay with limited processor capacity. Although the problem is non-convex, we provide non-trivial necessary and sufficient conditions for the global-optimal solution, and devise a fully distributed algorithm that converges to the optimum in polynomial time, allows asynchronous individual updating, and is adaptive to changes in network topology or task pattern. Numerical evaluation shows that our proposed method significantly outperforms other baseline algorithms in multiple network instances, especially in congested scenarios.      
### 50.Contrastive Learning for Improving ASR Robustness in Spoken Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00693.pdf)
>  Spoken language understanding (SLU) is an essential task for machines to understand human speech for better interactions. However, errors from the automatic speech recognizer (ASR) usually hurt the understanding performance. In reality, ASR systems may not be easy to adjust for the target scenarios. Therefore, this paper focuses on learning utterance representations that are robust to ASR errors using a contrastive objective, and further strengthens the generalization ability by combining supervised contrastive learning and self-distillation in model fine-tuning. Experiments on three benchmark datasets demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach.      
### 51.Initial Beamforming for Millimeter-Wave and Terahertz Communications in 6G Mobile Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00691.pdf)
>  To meet the demand of supreme data rates in terabits-per-second, the next-generation mobile system needs to exploit the abundant spectrum in the millimeter-wave and terahertz bands. However, high-frequency transmission heavily relies on large-scale antenna arrays to reap high beamforming gain, used to compensate for severe propagation loss. It raises a problem of omni-directional beamforming during the phase of initial access, where a base station is required to broadcast synchronization signals and system information to all users within its coverage. This paper proposes a novel initial beamforming scheme, which provides instantaneous gain equally in all directions by forming a pair of complementary beams. Numerical results verify that it can achieve omni-directional coverage with the optimal performance that remarkably outperforms the previous scheme called random beamforming. It is applicable for any form of large-scale arrays, and all three architecture, i.e., digital, analog, and hybrid beamforming.      
### 52.Rational social distancing policy during epidemics with limited healthcare capacity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00684.pdf)
>  Epidemics of infectious diseases posing a serious risk to human health have occurred throughout history. During the ongoing SARS-CoV-2 epidemic there has been much debate about policy, including how and when to impose restrictions on behavior. Under such circumstances policymakers must balance a complex spectrum of objectives, suggesting a need for quantitative tools. Whether health services might be 'overwhelmed' has emerged as a key consideration yet formal modelling of optimal policy has so far largely ignored this. Here we show how costly interventions, such as taxes or subsidies on behaviour, can be used to exactly align individuals' decision making with government preferences even when these are not aligned. We assume that choices made by individuals give rise to Nash equilibrium behavior. We focus on a situation in which the capacity of the healthcare system to treat patients is limited and identify conditions under which the disease dynamics respect the capacity limit. In particular we find an extremely sharp drop in peak infections as the maximum infection cost in the government's objective function is increased. This is in marked contrast to the gradual reduction without government intervention. The infection costs at which this switch occurs depend on how costly the intervention is to the government. We find optimal interventions that are quite different to the case when interventions are cost-free. Finally, we identify a novel analytic solution for the Nash equilibrium behavior for constant infection cost.      
### 53.Chance-Constrained Stochastic Optimal Control via Path Integral and Finite Difference Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00628.pdf)
>  This paper addresses a continuous-time continuous-space chance-constrained stochastic optimal control (SOC) problem via a Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman (HJB) partial differential equation (PDE). Through Lagrangian relaxation, we convert the chance-constrained (risk-constrained) SOC problem to a risk-minimizing SOC problem, the cost function of which possesses the time-additive Bellman structure. We show that the risk-minimizing control synthesis is equivalent to solving an HJB PDE whose boundary condition can be tuned appropriately to achieve a desired level of safety. Furthermore, it is shown that the proposed risk-minimizing control problem can be viewed as a generalization of the problem of estimating the risk associated with a given control policy. Two numerical techniques are explored, namely the path integral and the finite difference method (FDM), to solve a class of risk-minimizing SOC problems whose associated HJB equation is linearizable via the Cole-Hopf transformation. Using a 2D robot navigation example, we validate the proposed control synthesis framework and compare the solutions obtained using path integral and FDM.      
### 54.Attack Detection for Networked Control Systems Using Event-Triggered Dynamic Watermarking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00625.pdf)
>  Dynamic watermarking schemes can enhance the cyber attack detection capability of networked control systems (NCSs). This paper presents a linear event-triggered solution to conventional dynamic watermarking (CDW) schemes. Firstly, the limitations of CDW schemes for event-triggered state estimation based NCSs are investigated. Secondly, a new event-triggered dynamic watermarking (ETDW) scheme is designed by treating watermarking as symmetric key encryption, based on the limit convergence theorem in probability. Its security property against the generalized replay attacks (GRAs) is also discussed in the form of bounded asymptotic attack power. Thirdly, finite sample ETDW tests are designed with matrix concentration inequalities. Finally, experimental results of a networked inverted pendulum system demonstrate the validity of our proposed scheme.      
### 55.A Unified Approach to Semantic Information and Communication based on Probabilistic Logic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00621.pdf)
>  Traditionally, studies on technical communication (TC) are based on stochastic modeling and manipulation. This is not sufficient for semantic communication (SC) where semantic elements are logically connected, rather than stochastically correlated. To fill this void, by leveraging a logical programming language called probabilistic logic (ProbLog), we propose a unified approach to semantic information and communication through the interplay between TC and SC. On top of the well-established existing TC layer, we introduce a SC layer that utilizes knowledge bases of communicating parties for the exchange of semantic information. These knowledge bases are logically described, manipulated, and exploited using ProbLog. To make these SC and TC layers interact, we propose various measures based on the entropy of a clause in a knowledge base. These measures allow us to delineate various technical issues on SC such as a message selection problem for improving the knowledge base at a receiver. Extending this, we showcase selected examples in which SC and TC layers interact with each other while taking into account constraints on physical channels and efficiently utilizing channel resources.      
### 56.Accelerated Algorithms for a Class of Optimization Problems with Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00583.pdf)
>  This paper presents a framework to solve constrained optimization problems in an accelerated manner based on High-Order Tuners (HT). Our approach is based on reformulating the original constrained problem as the unconstrained optimization of a loss function. We start with convex optimization problems and identify the conditions under which the loss function is convex. Building on the insight that the loss function could be convex even if the original optimization problem is not, we extend our approach to a class of nonconvex optimization problems. The use of a HT together with this approach enables us to achieve a convergence rate better than state-of-the-art gradient-based methods. Moreover, for equality-constrained optimization problems, the proposed method ensures that the state remains feasible throughout the evolution, regardless of the convexity of the original problem.      
### 57.Using a novel fractional-order gradient method for CNN back-propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00581.pdf)
>  Computer-aided diagnosis tools have experienced rapid growth and development in recent years. Among all, deep learning is the most sophisticated and popular tool. In this paper, researchers propose a novel deep learning model and apply it to COVID-19 diagnosis. Our model uses the tool of fractional calculus, which has the potential to improve the performance of gradient methods. To this end, the researcher proposes a fractional-order gradient method for the back-propagation of convolutional neural networks based on the Caputo definition. However, if only the first term of the infinite series of the Caputo definition is used to approximate the fractional-order derivative, the length of the memory is truncated. Therefore, the fractional-order gradient (FGD) method with a fixed memory step and an adjustable number of terms is used to update the weights of the layers. Experiments were performed on the COVIDx dataset to demonstrate fast convergence, good accuracy, and the ability to bypass the local optimal point. We also compared the performance of the developed fractional-order neural networks and Integer-order neural networks. The results confirmed the effectiveness of our proposed model in the diagnosis of COVID-19.      
### 58.Performance Analysis of Cooperative Relaying for Multi-Antenna RF Transmissions over THz Wireless Link  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00533.pdf)
>  Recent research has focused on single antenna radio-frequency (RF) and terahertz (THz) wireless systems to mix the access link with the backhaul. In this paper, we evaluate the performance of a mixed RF-THz system employing multiple antenna-assisted access point (AP) for the RF link and single-antenna THz transmissions. We employ an equal gain combining (EGC) receiver at the AP and use the fixed-gain amplify and forward (AF) relaying protocol to interface the RF and THz links. We derive analytical expressions for probability density function (PDF) and cumulative distribution function (CDF) of the end-to-end SNR for the considered system assuming independent and non-identically distributed (i.ni.d.) $\alpha$-$\mu$ distribution to model for both RF and THz channels and pointing errors in the THz link. We analyze the system performance using the outage probability, average bit error rate (BER), and ergodic capacity involving bivariate Fox's H-function. We use the residue method to develop asymptotic analysis using Gamma functions to show the impact of the various channel and system parameters on the outage probability and average BER in the high SNR regime. We use computer simulations to depict the scaling of the performance with an increase in the number of antennas at the AP for signal reception in the access link.      
### 59.An Early Fault Detection Method of Rotating Machines Based on Multiple Feature Fusion with Stacking Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00511.pdf)
>  Early fault detection (EFD) of rotating machines is important to decrease the maintenance cost and improve the mechanical system stability. One of the key points of EFD is developing a generic model to extract robust and discriminative features from different equipment for early fault detection. Most existing EFD methods focus on learning fault representation by one type of feature. However, a combination of multiple features can capture a more comprehensive representation of system state. In this paper, we propose an EFD method based on multiple feature fusion with stacking architecture (M2FSA). The proposed method can extract generic and discriminiative features to detect early faults by combining time domain (TD), frequency domain (FD), and time-frequency domain (TFD) features. In order to unify the dimensions of the different domain features, Stacked Denoising Autoencoder (SDAE) is utilized to learn deep features in three domains. The architecture of the proposed M2FSA consists of two layers. The first layer contains three base models, whose corresponding inputs are different deep features. The outputs of the first layer are concatenated to generate the input to the second layer, which consists of a meta model. The proposed method is tested on three bearing datasets. The results demonstrate that the proposed method is better than existing methods both in sensibility and reliability.      
### 60.Relation-guided acoustic scene classification aided with event embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00499.pdf)
>  In real life, acoustic scenes and audio events are naturally correlated. Humans instinctively rely on fine-grained audio events as well as the overall sound characteristics to distinguish diverse acoustic scenes. Yet, most previous approaches treat acoustic scene classification (ASC) and audio event classification (AEC) as two independent tasks. A few studies on scene and event joint classification either use synthetic audio datasets that hardly match the real world, or simply use the multi-task framework to perform two tasks at the same time. Neither of these two ways makes full use of the implicit and inherent relation between fine-grained events and coarse-grained scenes. To this end, this paper proposes a relation-guided ASC (RGASC) model to further exploit and coordinate the scene-event relation for the mutual benefit of scene and event recognition. The TUT Urban Acoustic Scenes 2018 dataset (TUT2018) is annotated with pseudo labels of events by a simple and efficient audio-related pre-trained model PANN, which is one of the state-of-the-art AEC models. Then, a prior scene-event relation matrix is defined as the average probability of the presence of each event type in each scene class. Finally, the two-tower RGASC model is jointly trained on the real-life dataset TUT2018 for both scene and event classification. The following results are achieved. 1) RGASC effectively coordinates the true information of coarse-grained scenes and the pseudo information of fine-grained events. 2) The event embeddings learned from pseudo labels under the guidance of prior scene-event relations help reduce the confusion between similar acoustic scenes. 3) Compared with other (non-ensemble) methods, RGASC improves the scene classification accuracy on the real-life dataset.      
### 61.Many a little Makes a Mickle: Probing Backscattering Energy Recycling for Backscatter Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00491.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate and analyze full-duplex-based backscatter communications with multiple backscatter devices (BDs). Different from previous works where only the energy from the energy source is harvested, BDs are also allowed to harvest energy from previous BDs by recycling the backscattering energy. Our objective is to maximize the total energy efficiency (EE) of the system via joint time scheduling, beamforming design, and reflection coefficient (RC) adjustment while satisfying the constraints on the total time, the transmit energy consumption, the circuit energy consumption and the achievable throughput for each BD by taking the causality and the non-linearity of energy harvesting into account. To deal with this intractable non-convex problem, we reformulate the problem by utilizing the Dinkelbach's method. Subsequently, an alternative iterative algorithm is designed to solve it. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm achieves a much better EE than the benchmark algorithms.      
### 62.Bilingual End-to-End ASR with Byte-Level Subwords  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00485.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate how the output representation of an end-to-end neural network affects multilingual automatic speech recognition (ASR). We study different representations including character-level, byte-level, byte pair encoding (BPE), and byte-level byte pair encoding (BBPE) representations, and analyze their strengths and weaknesses. We focus on developing a single end-to-end model to support utterance-based bilingual ASR, where speakers do not alternate between two languages in a single utterance but may change languages across utterances. We conduct our experiments on English and Mandarin dictation tasks, and we find that BBPE with penalty schemes can improve utterance-based bilingual ASR performance by 2% to 5% relative even with smaller number of outputs and fewer parameters. We conclude with analysis that indicates directions for further improving multilingual ASR.      
### 63.Reinforced Swin-Convs Transformer for Underwater Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00434.pdf)
>  Underwater Image Enhancement (UIE) technology aims to tackle the challenge of restoring the degraded underwater images due to light absorption and scattering. To address problems, a novel U-Net based Reinforced Swin-Convs Transformer for the Underwater Image Enhancement method (URSCT-UIE) is proposed. Specifically, with the deficiency of U-Net based on pure convolutions, we embedded the Swin Transformer into U-Net for improving the ability to capture the global dependency. Then, given the inadequacy of the Swin Transformer capturing the local attention, the reintroduction of convolutions may capture more local attention. Thus, we provide an ingenious manner for the fusion of convolutions and the core attention mechanism to build a Reinforced Swin-Convs Transformer Block (RSCTB) for capturing more local attention, which is reinforced in the channel and the spatial attention of the Swin Transformer. Finally, the experimental results on available datasets demonstrate that the proposed URSCT-UIE achieves state-of-the-art performance compared with other methods in terms of both subjective and objective evaluations. The code will be released on GitHub after acceptance.      
### 64.Closed-form max-min power control for some cellular and cell-free massive MIMO networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00429.pdf)
>  Many common instances of power control problems for cellular and cell-free massive MIMO networks can be interpreted as max-min utility optimization problems involving affine interference mappings and polyhedral constraints. We show that these problems admit a closed-form solution which depends on the spectral radius of known matrices. In contrast, previous solutions in the literature have been indirectly obtained using iterative algorithms based on the bisection method, or on fixed-point iterations. Furthermore, we also show an asymptotically tight bound for the optimal utility, which in turn provides a simple rule of thumb for evaluating whether the network is operating in the noise or interference limited regime. We finally illustrate our results by focusing on classical max-min fair power control for cell-free massive MIMO networks.      
### 65.Neural Network Optimal Feedback Control with Guaranteed Local Stability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00394.pdf)
>  Recent research shows that deep learning can be an effective tool for designing optimal feedback controllers for high-dimensional nonlinear dynamic systems. But the behavior of these neural network (NN) controllers is still not well understood. In particular, some NNs with high test accuracy can fail to even locally stabilize the dynamic system. To address this challenge we propose several novel NN architectures, which we show guarantee local stability while retaining the semi-global approximation capacity to learn the optimal feedback policy. The proposed architectures are compared against standard NN feedback controllers through numerical simulations of two high-dimensional nonlinear optimal control problems (OCPs): stabilization of an unstable Burgers-type partial differential equation (PDE), and altitude and course tracking for a six degree-of-freedom (6DoF) unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV). The simulations demonstrate that standard NNs can fail to stabilize the dynamics even when trained well, while the proposed architectures are always at least locally stable. Moreover, the proposed controllers are found to be near-optimal in testing.      
### 66.Optimizing an Adaptive Fuzzy Logic Controller of a 3-DOF Helicopter with a Modified PSO Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00369.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the controller optimization for a helicopter system with three degrees of freedom (3-DOF). To control the system, we combined fuzzy logic with adaptive control theory. The system is extensively nonlinear and highly sensitive to the controller's parameters, making it a real challenge to study these parameters' effect on the controller's performance. Using metaheuristic algorithms for determining these parameters is a promising solution. This paper proposes using a modified particle swarm optimization (MPSO) algorithm to optimize the controller. The algorithm shows a high ability to perform the global search and find a reasonable search space. The algorithm modifies the search space of each particle based on its fitness function value and substitutes weak particles for new ones. These modifications have led to better accuracy and convergence rate. We prove the efficiency of the MPSO algorithm by comparing it with the standard PSO and six other well-known metaheuristic algorithms when optimizing the adaptive fuzzy logic controller of the 3-DOF helicopter. The proposed method's effectiveness is shown through computer simulations while the system is subject to uncertainties and disturbance. We demonstrate the method's superiority by comparing the results when the MPSO and the standard PSO optimize the controller.      
### 67.Opportunistic AP Selection in Cell-Free Massive MIMO-OFDM Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00333.pdf)
>  Exploiting the degree of freedom in the frequency domain and the near-far effect among different access points (APs), this paper proposes an opportunistic transmission scheme in cell-free massive MIMO-OFDM systems. The key idea is to orthogonally assign subcarriers among different users, so that there is only one user on each subcarrier. Then, a user is only served by its near APs through opportunistic selection, while the far APs are deactivated to avoid wasting power over their channels with severe propagation losses. Moreover, the number of active APs per subcarrier becomes small due to the opportunistic selection, making the use of downlink pilots and coherent detection feasible. As corroborated by numerical results, the proposed scheme can bring a significant performance boost in terms of both power efficiency and spectral efficiency.      
### 68.Dual-Beam Intelligent Reflecting Surface for Millimeter and THz Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00331.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) is a cost-efficient technique to improve power efficiency and spectral efficiency. However, IRS-aided multi-antenna transmission needs to jointly optimize the passive and active beamforming, imposing a high computational burden and high latency due to its iterative optimization process. Making use of hybrid analog-digital beamforming in high-frequency transmission systems, a novel technique, coined dual-beam IRS, is proposed in this paper. The key idea is to form a pair of beams towards the IRS and user, respectively. Then, the optimization of passive and active beamforming can be decoupled, resulting in a simplified system design. Simulation results corroborate that it achieves a good balance between the cell-edge and cell-center performance. Compared with the performance bound, the gap is moderate, but it remarkably outperforms other sub-optimal schemes.      
### 69.Learning Mixed Strategies in Trajectory Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00291.pdf)
>  In multi-agent settings, game theory is a natural framework for describing the strategic interactions of agents whose objectives depend upon one another's behavior. Trajectory games capture these complex effects by design. In competitive settings, this makes them a more faithful interaction model than traditional "predict then plan" approaches. However, current game-theoretic planning methods have important limitations. In this work, we propose two main contributions. First, we introduce an offline training phase which reduces the online computational burden of solving trajectory games. Second, we formulate a lifted game which allows players to optimize multiple candidate trajectories in unison and thereby construct more competitive "mixed" strategies. We validate our approach on a number of experiments using the pursuit-evasion game "tag."      
### 70.Joint Radar and Multicast-Unicast Communication: A NOMA Aided Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00255.pdf)
>  The novel concept of non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) aided joint radar and multicast-unicast communication (Rad-MU-Com) is investigated. Employing the same spectrum resource, a multi-input-multi-output (MIMO) dual-functional radar-communication (DFRC) base station detects the radar-centric user (R-user), while transmitting mixed multicast-unicast messages both to the R-user and to the communication-centric user (C-user). In particular, the multicast information is intended for both the R- and C-users, whereas the unicast information is only intended for the C-user. More explicitly, NOMA is employed to facilitate this double spectrum sharing, where the multicast and unicast signals are superimposed in the power domain and the superimposed communication signals are also exploited as radar probing waveforms. A beamformer-based NOMA-aided joint Rad-MU-Com framework is proposed for the system having a single R-user and a single C-user. Based on this framework, the unicast rate maximization problem is formulated by optimizing the beamformers employed, while satisfying the rate requirement of multicast and the predefined accuracy of the radar beam pattern. The resultant non-convex optimization problem is solved by a penalty-based iterative algorithm to find a high-quality near-optimal solution. Finally, our numerical results reveal that significant performance gains can be achieved by the proposed scheme over the benchmark schemes.      
### 71.StorSeismic: A new paradigm in deep learning for seismic processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00222.pdf)
>  Machine learned tasks on seismic data are often trained sequentially and separately, even though they utilize the same features (i.e. geometrical) of the data. We present StorSeismic, as a framework for seismic data processing, which consists of neural network pre-training and fine-tuning procedures. We, specifically, utilize a neural network as a preprocessing model to store seismic data features of a particular dataset for any downstream tasks. After pre-training, the resulting model can be utilized later, through a fine-tuning procedure, to perform tasks using limited additional training. Used often in Natural Language Processing (NLP) and lately in vision tasks, BERT (Bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformer), a form of a Transformer model, provides an optimal platform for this framework. The attention mechanism of BERT, applied here on a sequence of traces within the shot gather, is able to capture and store key geometrical features of the seismic data. We pre-train StorSeismic on field data, along with synthetically generated ones, in the self-supervised step. Then, we use the labeled synthetic data to fine-tune the pre-trained network in a supervised fashion to perform various seismic processing tasks, like denoising, velocity estimation, first arrival picking, and NMO. Finally, the fine-tuned model is used to obtain satisfactory inference results on the field data.      
### 72.Distributed Exponential State Estimation of Linear Systems over Jointly Connected Switching Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00218.pdf)
>  Recently, an asymptotic convergence result on the distributed state estimation problem for linear systems over jointly connected switching networks was given. This paper further presents an exponential convergence result on the distributed state estimation problem for linear systems over jointly connected switching networks. In comparison with the existing result, the strengthened result offers two advantages. First, the exponential convergence result leads to the guaranteed convergence rate, which is much desired in practice. Second, since exponential stability is equivalent to uniform asymptotic stability, the strengthened result implies that the error system is totally stable and hence being able to withstand small disturbances. These two advantages are achieved by establishing the exponential stability of two classes of linear time-varying systems, which may have other applications.      
### 73.Taylor, Can You Hear Me Now? A Taylor-Unfolding Framework for Monaural Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00206.pdf)
>  While the deep learning techniques promote the rapid development of the speech enhancement (SE) community, most schemes only pursue the performance in a black-box manner and lack adequate model interpretability. Inspired by Taylor's approximation theory, we propose an interpretable decoupling-style SE framework, which disentangles the complex spectrum recovery into two separate optimization problems \emph{i.e.}, magnitude and complex residual estimation. Specifically, serving as the 0th-order term in Taylor's series, a filter network is delicately devised to suppress the noise component only in the magnitude domain and obtain a coarse spectrum. To refine the phase distribution, we estimate the sparse complex residual, which is defined as the difference between target and coarse spectra, and measures the phase gap. In this study, we formulate the residual component as the combination of various high-order Taylor terms and propose a lightweight trainable module to replace the complicated derivative operator between adjacent terms. Finally, following Taylor's formula, we can reconstruct the target spectrum by the superimposition between 0th-order and high-order terms. Experimental results on two benchmark datasets show that our framework achieves state-of-the-art performance over previous competing baselines in various evaluation metrics. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/Andong-Lispeech/TaylorSENet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 74.Motion Compensated Extreme MRI: Multi-Scale Low Rank Reconstructions for Highly Accelerated 3D Dynamic Acquisitions (MoCo-MSLR)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00131.pdf)
>  Purpose: To improve upon Extreme MRI, a recently proposed method by Ong Et al. for reconstructing high spatiotemporal resolution, 3D non-Cartesian acquisitions by incorporating motion compensation into these reconstructions using an approach termed MoCo-MSLR. Methods: Motion compensation is challenging to incorporate into high spatiotemporal resolution reconstruction due to the memory footprint of the motion fields and the potential to lose dynamics by relying on an initial high temporal resolution, low spatial resolution reconstruction. Motivated by the work of Ong Et al. and Huttinga Et al., we estimate low spatial resolution motion fields through a loss enforced in k-space and represent these motion fields in a memory efficient manner using multi-scale low rank components. We interpolate these motion fields to the desired spatial resolution, and then incorporate these fields into Extreme MRI. Results: MoCo-MSLR was able to improve image quality for reconstructions around 500ms temporal resolution and capture bulk motion not seen in Extreme MRI. Further, MoCo-MSLR was able to resolve realistic cardiac dynamics at near 100ms temporal resolution while Extreme MRI struggled to resolve these dynamics. Conclusion: MoCo-MSLR improved image quality over Extreme MRI and was able to resolve both respiratory and cardiac motion in 3D.      
### 75.Computational Miniature Mesoscope V2: A deep learning-augmented miniaturized microscope for single-shot 3D high-resolution fluorescence imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00123.pdf)
>  Computational Miniature Mesoscope (CM2) is a recently developed computational imaging system that enables single-shot 3D imaging across a wide field-of-view (FOV) using a compact optical platform. In this work, we present CM2 V2 - an advanced CM2 system that integrates novel hardware improvements and a new deep learning reconstruction algorithm. The platform features a 3D-printed freeform LED collimator that achieves ~80$\%$ excitation efficiency - a ~3x improvement over our V1 design, and a hybrid emission filter design that improves the measurement contrast by &gt;5x. The new computational pipeline includes an accurate and computationally efficient 3D linear shift-variant (LSV) forward model and a novel multi-module CM2Net deep learning model. As compared to the model-based deconvolution in our V1 system, CM2Net achieves ~8x better axial localization and ~1400x faster reconstruction speed. In addition, CM2Net consistently achieves high detection performance and superior axial localization across a wide FOV at a variety of conditions. Trained entirely on our 3D-LSV simulator generated training data set, CM2Net generalizes well to real experiments. We experimentally demonstrate that CM2Net achieves accurate 3D reconstruction of fluorescent emitters across a ~7-mm FOV and 800-$\mu$m depth, and provides ~7-$\mu$m lateral and ~25-$\mu$m axial resolution. We anticipate that this simple and low-cost computational miniature imaging system will be impactful to many large-scale 3D fluorescence imaging applications.      
### 76.Line of Sight Curvature for Missile Guidance using Reinforcement Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00085.pdf)
>  We use reinforcement meta learning to optimize a line of sight curvature policy that increases the effectiveness of a guidance system against maneuvering targets. The policy is implemented as a recurrent neural network that maps navigation system outputs to a Euler 321 attitude representation. The attitude representation is then used to construct a direction cosine matrix that biases the observed line of sight vector. The line of sight rotation rate derived from the biased line of sight is then mapped to a commanded acceleration by the guidance system. By varying the bias as a function of navigation system outputs, the policy enhances accuracy against highly maneuvering targets. Importantly, our method does not require an estimate of target acceleration. In our experiments, we demonstrate that when our method is combined with proportional navigation, the system significantly outperforms augmented proportional navigation with perfect knowledge of target acceleration, achieving improved accuracy with less control effort against a wide range of target maneuvers.      
### 77.Graph Learning from Multivariate Dependent Time Series via a Multi-Attribute Formulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.00007.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of inferring the conditional independence graph (CIG) of a high-dimensional stationary multivariate Gaussian time series. In a time series graph, each component of the vector series is represented by distinct node, and associations between components are represented by edges between the corresponding nodes. We formulate the problem as one of multi-attribute graph estimation for random vectors where a vector is associated with each node of the graph. At each node, the associated random vector consists of a time series component and its delayed copies. We present an alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) solution to minimize a sparse-group lasso penalized negative pseudo log-likelihood objective function to estimate the precision matrix of the random vector associated with the entire multi-attribute graph. The time series CIG is then inferred from the estimated precision matrix. A theoretical analysis is provided. Numerical results illustrate the proposed approach which outperforms existing frequency-domain approaches in correctly detecting the graph edges.      
