# ArXiv eess --Mon, 30 May 2022
### 1.Multi-criteria Decision-making of Intelligent Vehicles under Fault Condition Enhancing Public-private Partnership  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14070.pdf)
>  With the development of vehicular technologies on automation, electrification, and digitalization, vehicles are becoming more intelligent while being exposed to more complex, uncertain, and frequently occurring faults. In this paper, we look into the maintenance planning of an operating vehicle under fault condition and formulate it as a multi-criteria decision-making problem. The maintenance decisions are generated by route searching in road networks and evaluated based on risk assessment considering the uncertainty of vehicle breakdowns. Particularly, we consider two criteria, namely the risk of public time loss and the risk of mission delay, representing the concerns of the public sector and the private sector, respectively. A public time loss model is developed to evaluate the traffic congestion caused by a vehicle breakdown and the corresponding towing process. The Pareto optimal set of non-dominated decisions is derived by evaluating the risk of the decisions. We demonstrate the relevance of the problem and the effectiveness of the proposed method by numerical experiments derived from real-world scenarios. The experiments show that neglecting the risk of vehicle breakdown on public roads can cause a high risk of public time loss in dense traffic flow. With the proposed method, alternate decisions can be derived to reduce the risks of public time loss significantly with a low increase in the risk of mission delay. This study aims at catalyzing public-private partnership through collaborative decision-making between the private sector and the public sector, thus archiving a more sustainable transportation system in the future.      
### 2.Lesion classification by model-based feature extraction: A differential affine invariant model of soft tissue elasticity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14029.pdf)
>  The elasticity of soft tissues has been widely considered as a characteristic property to differentiate between healthy and vicious tissues and, therefore, motivated several elasticity imaging modalities, such as Ultrasound Elastography, Magnetic Resonance Elastography, and Optical Coherence Elastography. This paper proposes an alternative approach of modeling the elasticity using Computed Tomography (CT) imaging modality for model-based feature extraction machine learning (ML) differentiation of lesions. The model describes a dynamic non-rigid (or elastic) deformation in differential manifold to mimic the soft tissues elasticity under wave fluctuation in vivo. Based on the model, three local deformation invariants are constructed by two tensors defined by the first and second order derivatives from the CT images and used to generate elastic feature maps after normalization via a novel signal suppression method. The model-based elastic image features are extracted from the feature maps and fed to machine learning to perform lesion classifications. Two pathologically proven image datasets of colon polyps (44 malignant and 43 benign) and lung nodules (46 malignant and 20 benign) were used to evaluate the proposed model-based lesion classification. The outcomes of this modeling approach reached the score of area under the curve of the receiver operating characteristics of 94.2 % for the polyps and 87.4 % for the nodules, resulting in an average gain of 5 % to 30 % over ten existing state-of-the-art lesion classification methods. The gains by modeling tissue elasticity for ML differentiation of lesions are striking, indicating the great potential of exploring the modeling strategy to other tissue properties for ML differentiation of lesions.      
### 3.Data-driven clustering and Bernoulli merging for the Poisson multi-Bernoulli mixture filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14021.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a clustering and merging approach for the Poisson multi-Bernoulli mixture (PMBM) filter to lower its computational complexity and make it suitable for multiple target tracking with a high number of targets. We define a measurement-driven clustering algorithm to reduce the data association problem into several subproblems, and we provide the derivation of the resulting clustered PMBM posterior density via Kullback-Leibler divergence minimisation. Furthermore, we investigate different strategies to reduce the number of single target hypotheses by approximating the posterior via merging and inter-track swapping of Bernoulli components. We evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm on simulated tracking scenarios with more than one thousand targets.      
### 4.Hybrid Offline-Online Design for Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Aided UAV Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13976.pdf)
>  This letter considers the reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) communication systems in urban areas under the general Rician fading channel. A hybrid offline-online design is proposed to improve the system performance by leveraging both the statistical channel state information (S-CSI) and instantaneous channel state information (I-CSI). For the offline phase, we aim to maximize the expected average achievable rate based on the S-CSI by jointly optimizing the RIS's phase-shift and UAV trajectory. The formulated stochastic optimization problem is difficult to solve due to its non-convexity. To tackle this problem, we propose an efficient algorithm by leveraging the stochastic successive convex approximation (SSCA) techniques. For the online phase, the UAV adaptively adjusts the transmit beamforming and user scheduling according to the effective I-CSI. Numerical results verify that the proposed hybrid design performs better than various bechmark schemes, and also demonstrate a favorable trade-off between system performance and CSI overhead.      
### 5.DLMP of Competitive Markets in Active Distribution Networks: Models, Solutions, Applications, and Visions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13974.pdf)
>  Traditionally, the electric distribution system operates with uniform energy prices across all system nodes. However, as the adoption of distributed energy resources (DERs) propels a shift from passive to active distribution network (ADN) operation, a distribution-level electricity market has been proposed to manage new complexities efficiently. In addition, distribution locational marginal price (DLMP) has been established in the literature as the primary pricing mechanism. The DLMP inherits the LMP concept in the transmission-level wholesale market, but incorporates characteristics of the distribution system, such as high R/X ratios and power losses, system imbalance, and voltage regulation needs. The DLMP provides a solution that can be essential for competitive market operation in future distribution systems. This paper first provides an overview of the current distribution-level market architectures and their early implementations. Next, the general clearing model, model relaxations, and DLMP formulation are comprehensively reviewed. The state-of-the-art solution methods for distribution market clearing are summarized and categorized into centralized, distributed, and decentralized methods. Then, DLMP applications for the operation and planning of DERs and distribution system operators (DSOs) are discussed in detail. Finally, visions of future research directions and possible barriers and challenges are presented.      
### 6.Robust Stutter Bisimulation for Abstraction and Controller Synthesis with Disturbance: Proofs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13959.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method to synthesise controllers for cyber-physical systems such that the controlled systems satisfy specifications given as linear temporal logic formulas. The focus is on systems with disturbance, where future states cannot be predicted exactly due to uncertainty in the environment. The approach used to solve this problem is to first construct a finite-state abstraction of the original system and then synthesise a controller for the abstract system. For this approach, the robust stutter bisimulation relation is introduced, which preserves the existence of controllers for any given linear temporal logic formula. States are related by the robust stutter bisimulation relation if the same target sets can be guaranteed to be reached or avoided under control of some controllers, thereby ensuring that disturbances have similar effect on paths that start in related states. This paper presents an algorithm to construct the corresponding robust stutter bisimulation quotient to solve the abstraction problem, and it is shown, by explicit construction, that there exists a controller enforcing a linear temporal logic formula for the original system if and only if a corresponding controller exists for the quotient system. Lastly, the result of the algorithm and the controller construction are demonstrated by application to an example of robot navigation.      
### 7.Hybridizing Waterborne Transport: Modeling and Simulation of Low-Emissions Hybrid Waterbuses for the City of Venice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13955.pdf)
>  Hybrid-electric powertrains are among the most promising technologies for abating emissions from marine vessels in sensitive areas. However, their effectiveness strongly depends on the context they operate into. This paper attempts to evaluate the potential impact on air quality of hybridizing the diesel-powered waterbuses that currently operate in the city of Venice as part of the local public transportation network. Simulation models for conventional, series hybrid and parallel hybrid marine powertrains were developed and applied to the typical operational mission of one of these waterbuses. For the hybrid powertrains, an Energy Management Strategy is also obtained using a Dynamic Programming - based optimization algorithm. The results show that both hybrid architectures have high emission-reducing potential, with the series hybrid offering the greatest benefits.      
### 8.Energy-efficient transmission policies for the linear quadratic control of scalar systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13867.pdf)
>  This paper considers controlled scalar systems relying on a lossy wireless feedback channel. In contrast with the existing literature, the focus is not on the system controller but on the wireless transmit power controller that is implemented at the system side for reporting the state to the controller. Such a problem may be of interest, \emph{e.g.}, for the remote control of drones, where communication costs may have to be considered. Determining the power control policy that minimizes the combination of the dynamical system cost and the wireless transmission energy is shown to be a non-trivial optimization problem. It turns out that the recursive structure of the problem can be exploited to determine the optimal power control policy. As illustrated in the numerical performance analysis, in the scenario of a dynamics without perturbations, the optimal power control policy consists in decreasing the transmit power at the right pace. This allows a significant performance gain compared to conventional policies such as the full transmit power policy or the open-loop policy.      
### 9.Speaker-conditioning Single-channel Target Speaker Extraction using Conformer-based Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13851.pdf)
>  Target speaker extraction aims at extracting the target speaker from a mixture of multiple speakers exploiting auxiliary information about the target speaker. In this paper, we consider a complete time-domain target speaker extraction system consisting of a speaker embedder network and a speaker separator network which are jointly trained in an end-to-end learning process. We propose two different architectures for the speaker separator network which are based on the convolutional augmented transformer (conformer). The first architecture uses stacks of conformer and external feed-forward blocks (Conformer-FFN), while the second architecture uses stacks of temporal convolutional network (TCN) and conformer blocks (TCN-Conformer). Experimental results for 2-speaker mixtures, 3-speaker mixtures, and noisy mixtures of 2-speakers show that among the proposed separator networks, the TCN-Conformer significantly improves the target speaker extraction performance compared to the Conformer-FFN and a TCN-based baseline system.      
### 10.Textural-Structural Joint Learning for No-Reference Super-Resolution Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13847.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution (SR) has been widely investigated in recent years. However, it is challenging to fairly estimate the performances of various SR methods, as the lack of reliable and accurate criteria for perceptual quality. Existing SR image quality assessment (IQA) metrics usually concentrate on the specific kind of degradation without distinguishing the visual sensitive areas, which have no adaptive ability to describe the diverse SR degeneration situations. In this paper, we focus on the textural and structural degradation of image SR which acts as a critical role for visual perception, and design a dual stream network to jointly explore the textural and structural information for quality prediction, dubbed TSNet. By mimicking the human vision system (HVS) that pays more attention to the significant areas of the image, we develop the spatial attention mechanism to make the visual-sensitive areas more distinguishable, which improves the prediction accuracy. Feature normalization (F-Norm) is also developed to investigate the inherent spatial correlation of SR features and boost the network representation capacity. Experimental results show the proposed TSNet predicts the visual quality more accurate than the state-of-the-art IQA methods, and demonstrates better consistency with the human's perspective. The source code will be made available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://github.com/yuqing-liu-dut/NRIQA_SR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 11.Deep Learning Fetal Ultrasound Video Model Match Human Observers in Biometric Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13835.pdf)
>  Objective. This work investigates the use of deep convolutional neural networks (CNN) to automatically perform measurements of fetal body parts, including head circumference, biparietal diameter, abdominal circumference and femur length, and to estimate gestational age and fetal weight using fetal ultrasound videos. Approach. We developed a novel multi-task CNN-based spatio-temporal fetal US feature extraction and standard plane detection algorithm (called FUVAI) and evaluated the method on 50 freehand fetal US video scans. We compared FUVAI fetal biometric measurements with measurements made by five experienced sonographers at two time points separated by at least two weeks. Intra- and inter-observer variabilities were estimated. Main results. We found that automated fetal biometric measurements obtained by FUVAI were comparable to the measurements performed by experienced sonographers The observed differences in measurement values were within the range of inter- and intra-observer variability. Moreover, analysis has shown that these differences were not statistically significant when comparing any individual medical expert to our model. Significance. We argue that FUVAI has the potential to assist sonographers who perform fetal biometric measurements in clinical settings by providing them with suggestions regarding the best measuring frames, along with automated measurements. Moreover, FUVAI is able perform these tasks in just a few seconds, which is a huge difference compared to the average of six minutes taken by sonographers. This is significant, given the shortage of medical experts capable of interpreting fetal ultrasound images in numerous countries.      
### 12.A Decentralised Control Strategy for Secondary Voltage Regulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13833.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a decentralised secondary voltage control strategy that has several benefits over the existing centralised strategies. For that, a new structure for the control is proposed in terms of an inner and outer loops for each generator. The individual generators of a particular zone participate in the secondary voltage control by aligning their reactive powers with respect to the pilot point voltage reference. The decentralised nature of the proposed control strategy enables plug and play operation: run with different numbers of generators without any need of regulators reconfiguration, resilience in case of generator failure. This allows one to use such control to integrate renewable generators to existing secondary regulations alongside with the classic generators. The proposed control strategy is implemented using a model-free control scheme that does not require a higher order complex model of the power grid. The deployment of a discrete-time intelligent proportional controller simplifies the tuning of the controller gains. The proposed strategy is validated on a four generator power system model in MATLAB/ Simulink/Simelectrical environment. Simulation results are presented to show the effectiveness of the proposed strategy along with different case studies such as load perturbation, transmission line perturbation, generator disconnection and delay in pilot point voltage measurement to highlight its robustness.      
### 13.Recent Trends and Future Prospects of Neural Recording Circuits and Systems: A Tutorial Brief  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13812.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen fast advances in neural recording circuits and systems as they offer a promising way to investigate real-time brain monitoring and the closed-loop modulation of psychological disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. In this context, this tutorial brief presents a concise overview of concepts and design methodologies of neural recording, highlighting neural signal characteristics, system-level specifications and architectures, circuit-level implementation, and noise reduction techniques. Future trends and challenges of neural recording are finally discussed.      
### 14.Classification of COVID-19 Patients with their Severity Level from Chest CT Scans using Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13774.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: During pandemics, the use of artificial intelligence (AI) approaches combined with biomedical science play a significant role in reducing the burden on the healthcare systems and physicians. The rapid increment in cases of COVID-19 has led to an increase in demand for hospital beds and other medical equipment. However, since medical facilities are limited, it is recommended to diagnose patients as per the severity of the infection. Keeping this in mind, we share our research in detecting COVID-19 as well as assessing its severity using chest-CT scans and Deep Learning pre-trained models. Dataset: We have collected a total of 1966 CT Scan images for three different class labels, namely, Non-COVID, Severe COVID, and Non-Severe COVID, out of which 714 CT images belong to the Non-COVID category, 713 CT images are for Non-Severe COVID category and 539 CT images are of Severe COVID category. Methods: All of the images are initially pre-processed using the Contrast Limited Histogram Equalization (CLAHE) approach. The pre-processed images are then fed into the VGG-16 network for extracting features. Finally, the retrieved characteristics are categorized and the accuracy is evaluated using a support vector machine (SVM) with 10-fold cross-validation (CV). Result and Conclusion: In our study, we have combined well-known strategies for pre-processing, feature extraction, and classification which brings us to a remarkable success rate of disease and its severity recognition with an accuracy of 96.05% (97.7% for Non-Severe COVID-19 images and 93% for Severe COVID-19 images). Our model can therefore help radiologists detect COVID-19 and the extent of its severity.      
### 15.Acoustic-to-articulatory Speech Inversion with Multi-task Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13755.pdf)
>  Multi-task learning (MTL) frameworks have proven to be effective in diverse speech related tasks like automatic speech recognition (ASR) and speech emotion recognition. This paper proposes a MTL framework to perform acoustic-to-articulatory speech inversion by simultaneously learning an acoustic to phoneme mapping as a shared task. We use the Haskins Production Rate Comparison (HPRC) database which has both the electromagnetic articulography (EMA) data and the corresponding phonetic transcriptions. Performance of the system was measured by computing the correlation between estimated and actual tract variables (TVs) from the acoustic to articulatory speech inversion task. The proposed MTL based Bidirectional Gated Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) model learns to map the input acoustic features to nine TVs while outperforming the baseline model trained to perform only acoustic to articulatory inversion.      
### 16.Accurate Tree Roots Positioning and Sizing over Undulated Ground Surfaces by Common Offset GPR Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13731.pdf)
>  Tree roots detection is a popular application of the Ground-penetrating radar (GPR). Normally, the ground surface above the tree roots is assumed to be flat, and standard processing methods based on hyperbolic fitting are applied to the hyperbolae reflection patterns of tree roots for detection purposes. When the surface of the land is undulating (not flat), these typical hyperbolic fitting methods becomes inaccurate. This is because, the reflection patterns change with the uneven ground surfaces. When the soil surface is not flat, it is inaccurate to use the peak point of an asymmetric reflection pattern to identify the depth and horizontal position of the underground target. The reflection patterns of the complex shapes due to extreme surface variations results in analysis difficulties. Furthermore, when multiple objects are buried under an undulating ground, it is hard to judge their relative positions based on a B-scan that assumes a flat ground. In this paper, a roots fitting method based on electromagnetic waves (EM) travel time analysis is proposed to take into consideration the realistic undulating ground surface. A wheel-based (WB) GPR and an antenna-height-fixed (AHF) GPR System are presented, and their corresponding fitting models are proposed. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated and validated through numerical examples and field experiments.      
### 17.A Robust, Multiple Control Barrier Function Framework for Input Constrained Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13726.pdf)
>  We propose a novel (Type-II) zeroing control barrier function (ZCBF) for safety-critical control, which generalizes the original ZCBF approach. Our method allows for applications to a larger class of systems (e.g. passivity-based) while still ensuring robustness, for which the construction of conventional ZCBFs is difficult. We also propose a locally Lipschitz continuous control law that handles multiple ZCBFs, while respecting input constraints, which is not currently possible with existing ZCBF methods. We apply the proposed concept for unicycle navigation in an obstacle-rich environment.      
### 18.Estimating and Analyzing Neural Flow Using Signal Processing on Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13719.pdf)
>  Neural communication is fundamentally linked to the brain's overall state and health status. We demonstrate how communication in the brain can be estimated from recorded neural activity using concepts from graph signal processing. The communication is modeled as a flow signals on the edges of a graph and naturally arises from a graph diffusion process. We apply the diffusion model to local field potential (LFP) measurements of brain activity of two non-human primates to estimate the communication flow during a stimulation experiment. Comparisons with a baseline model demonstrate that adding the neural flow can improve LFP predictions. Finally, we demonstrate how the neural flow can be decomposed into a gradient and rotational component and show that the gradient component depends on the location of stimulation.      
### 19.Distributed Gaussian Process Based Cooperative Visual Pursuit Control for Drone Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13714.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a control law for camera-equipped drone networks to pursue a target rigid body with unknown motion based on distributed Gaussian process. First, we consider the situation where each drone has its own dataset, and learned the unknown target motion in a distributed manner. Second, we propose a control law using the distributed Gaussian processes, and show that the estimation and control errors are ultimately bounded. Furthermore, the effectiveness of the proposed method is verified by using simulations and experiments with actual drones.      
### 20.An adaptive fuzzy sliding mode controller for nonlinear systems with non-symmetric dead-zone and its application to an electro-hydraulic system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13669.pdf)
>  The dead-zone is one of the most common hard nonlinearities in industrial actuators and its presence may drastically compromise control systems stability and performance. In this work, an adaptive variable structure controller is proposed to deal with a class of uncertain nonlinear systems subject to a non-symmetric dead-zone input. The adopted approach is primarily based on the sliding mode control methodology but enhanced by an adaptive fuzzy algorithm to compensate the dead-zone. Using Lyapunov stability theory and Barbalat's lemma, the convergence properties of the closed-loop system are analytically proven. In order to illustrate the controller design methodology, an application of the proposed scheme to an electro-hydraulic system is introduced. The performance of the control system is evaluated by means of numerical simulations.      
### 21.An enhanced Conv-TasNet model for speech separation using a speaker distance-based loss function  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13657.pdf)
>  This work addresses the problem of speech separation in the Spanish Language using pre-trained deep learning models. As with many speech processing tasks, large databases in other languages different from English are scarce. Therefore this work explores different training strategies using the Conv-TasNet model as a benchmark. A scale-invariant signal distortion ratio (SI-SDR) metric value of 9.9 dB was achieved for the best training strategy. Then, experimentally, we identified an inverse relationship between the speakers' similarity and the model's performance, so an improved ConvTasNet architecture was proposed. The enhanced Conv-TasNet model uses pre-trained speech embeddings to add a between-speakers cosine similarity term in the cost function, yielding an SI-SDR of 10.6 dB. Lastly, some insights and drawbacks about the real-time deployment of the model.      
### 22.Secure Performance Analysis of RIS-aided Wireless Communication Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13654.pdf)
>  Since Internet of Things (IoT) is suggested as the fundamental platform to adapt massive connections and secure transmission, we study physical-layer authentication in the point-to-point wireless systems relying on reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RIS) technique. Due to lack of direct link from IoT devices (both legal and illegal devices) to the access point, we benefit from RIS by considering two main secure performance metrics. As main goal, we examine the secrecy performance of a RIS-aided wireless communication systems which show secure performance in the presence of an eavesdropping IoT devices. In this circumstance, RIS is placed between the access point and the legitimate devices and is designed to enhance the link security. To specify secure system performance metrics, we firstly present analytical results for the secrecy outage probability. Then, secrecy rate is further examined. Interestingly, we are to control both the average signal-to-noise ratio at the source and the number of metasurface elements of the RIS to achieve improved system performance. We verify derived expressions by matching Monte-Carlo simulation and analytical results.      
### 23.Generalizing Brain Decoding Across Subjects with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14102.pdf)
>  Decoding experimental variables from brain imaging data is gaining popularity, with applications in brain-computer interfaces and the study of neural representations. Decoding is typically subject-specific and does not generalise well over subjects. Here, we investigate ways to achieve cross-subject decoding. We used magnetoencephalography (MEG) data where 15 subjects viewed 118 different images, with 30 examples per image. Training on the entire 1s window following the presentation of each image, we experimented with an adaptation of the WaveNet architecture for classification. We also investigated the use of subject embedding to aid learning of subject variability in the group model. We show that deep learning and subject embedding are crucial to closing the performance gap between subject and group-level models. Importantly group models outperform subject models when tested on an unseen subject with little available data. The potential of such group modelling is even higher with bigger datasets. Furthermore, we demonstrate the use of permutation feature importance to gain insight into the spatio-temporal and spectral information encoded in the models, enabling better physiological interpretation. All experimental code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ricsinaruto/MEG-group-decode" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 24.Solving infinite-horizon POMDPs with memoryless stochastic policies in state-action space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14098.pdf)
>  Reward optimization in fully observable Markov decision processes is equivalent to a linear program over the polytope of state-action frequencies. Taking a similar perspective in the case of partially observable Markov decision processes with memoryless stochastic policies, the problem was recently formulated as the optimization of a linear objective subject to polynomial constraints. Based on this we present an approach for Reward Optimization in State-Action space (ROSA). We test this approach experimentally in maze navigation tasks. We find that ROSA is computationally efficient and can yield stability improvements over other existing methods.      
### 25.Vehicle mission guidance by symbolic optimal control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14085.pdf)
>  Symbolic optimal control is a powerful method to synthesize algorithmically correct-by-design state-feedback controllers for nonlinear plants. Its solutions are (near-)optimal with respect to a given cost function. In this note, it is demonstrated how symbolic optimal control can be used to calculate controllers for an optimized routing guidance of vehicle systems in continuous state space. In fact, the capacitated vehicle routing problem and a variant of travelling salesman problem are investigated. The latter problem has a relevant application in case of loss of vehicles during mission. A goods delivery scenario and a reconnaissance mission, involving bicycle and aircraft dynamics respectively, are provided as examples.      
### 26.Deep Coding Patterns Design for Compressive Near-Infrared Spectral Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14069.pdf)
>  Compressive spectral imaging (CSI) has emerged as an attractive compression and sensing technique, primarily to sense spectral regions where traditional systems result in highly costly such as in the near-infrared spectrum. Recently, it has been shown that spectral classification can be performed directly in the compressive domain, considering the amount of spectral information embedded in the measurements, skipping the reconstruction step. Consequently, the classification quality directly depends on the set of coding patterns employed in the sensing step. Therefore, this work proposes an end-to-end approach to jointly design the coding patterns used in CSI and the network parameters to perform spectral classification directly from the embedded near-infrared compressive measurements. Extensive simulation on the three-dimensional coded aperture snapshot spectral imaging (3D-CASSI) system validates that the proposed design outperforms traditional and random design in up to 10% of classification accuracy.      
### 27.Learning to Control Linear Systems can be Hard  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14035.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the statistical difficulty of learning to control linear systems. We focus on two standard benchmarks, the sample complexity of stabilization, and the regret of the online learning of the Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR). Prior results state that the statistical difficulty for both benchmarks scales polynomially with the system state dimension up to system-theoretic quantities. However, this does not reveal the whole picture. By utilizing minimax lower bounds for both benchmarks, we prove that there exist non-trivial classes of systems for which learning complexity scales dramatically, i.e. exponentially, with the system dimension. This situation arises in the case of underactuated systems, i.e. systems with fewer inputs than states. Such systems are structurally difficult to control and their system theoretic quantities can scale exponentially with the system dimension dominating learning complexity. Under some additional structural assumptions (bounding systems away from uncontrollability), we provide qualitatively matching upper bounds. We prove that learning complexity can be at most exponential with the controllability index of the system, that is the degree of underactuation.      
### 28.A Single-Adversary-Single-Detector Zero-Sum Game in Networked Control Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.14001.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a game-theoretic approach to address the problem of optimal sensor placement for detecting cyber-attacks in networked control systems. The problem is formulated as a zero-sum game with two players, namely a malicious adversary and a detector. Given a protected target vertex, the detector places a sensor at a single vertex to monitor the system and detect the presence of the adversary. On the other hand, the adversary selects a single vertex through which to conduct a cyber-attack that maximally disrupts the target vertex while remaining undetected by the detector. As our first contribution, for a given pair of attack and monitor vertices and a known target vertex, the game payoff function is defined as the output-to-output gain of the respective system. Then, the paper characterizes the set of feasible actions by the detector that ensures bounded values of the game payoff. Finally, an algebraic sufficient condition is proposed to examine whether a given vertex belongs to the set of feasible monitor vertices. The optimal sensor placement is then determined by computing the mixed-strategy Nash equilibrium of the zero-sum game through linear programming. The approach is illustrated via a numerical example of a 10-vertex networked control system with a given target vertex.      
### 29.Exact bounds on the amplitude and phase of the interval discrete Fourier transform in polynomial time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13978.pdf)
>  We elucidate why an interval algorithm that computes the exact bounds on the amplitude and phase of the discrete Fourier transform can run in polynomial time. We address this question from a formal perspective to provide the mathematical foundations underpinning such an algorithm. We show that the procedure set out by the algorithm fully addresses the dependency problem of interval arithmetic, making it usable in a variety of applications involving the discrete Fourier transform. For example when analysing signals with poor precision, signals with missing data, and for automatic error propagation and verified computations.      
### 30.Non-Markovian policies occupancy measures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13950.pdf)
>  A central object of study in Reinforcement Learning (RL) is the Markovian policy, in which an agent's actions are chosen from a memoryless probability distribution, conditioned only on its current state. The family of Markovian policies is broad enough to be interesting, yet simple enough to be amenable to analysis. However, RL often involves more complex policies: ensembles of policies, policies over options, policies updated online, etc. Our main contribution is to prove that the occupancy measure of any non-Markovian policy, i.e., the distribution of transition samples collected with it, can be equivalently generated by a Markovian policy. <br>This result allows theorems about the Markovian policy class to be directly extended to its non-Markovian counterpart, greatly simplifying proofs, in particular those involving replay buffers and datasets. We provide various examples of such applications to the field of Reinforcement Learning.      
### 31.Internal Model-Based Online Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13932.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a model-based approach to the design of online optimization algorithms, with the goal of improving the tracking of the solution trajectory (trajectories) w.r.t. state-of-the-art methods. We focus first on quadratic problems with a time-varying linear term, and use digital control tools to propose a novel online algorithm that can achieve zero tracking error by modeling the cost with a dynamical system. We prove the convergence of the algorithm for both strongly convex and convex problems. We further discuss the sensitivity of the proposed method to model uncertainties and quantify its performance. As part of our discussion, we also proposed a compensated online gradient that achieves our goal for problems with a linear dependence on time. We discuss how these algorithms can be applied to general (non-quadratic) problems using an approximate model of the cost. We present numerical results that showcase the superior performance of the proposed algorithms over previous methods for both quadratic and non-quadratic problems.      
### 32.MIMII DG: Sound Dataset for Malfunctioning Industrial Machine Investigation and Inspection for Domain Generalization Task  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13879.pdf)
>  We present a machine sound dataset to benchmark domain generalization techniques for anomalous sound detection (ASD). To handle performance degradation caused by domain shifts that are difficult to detect or too frequent to adapt, domain generalization techniques are preferred. However, currently available datasets have difficulties in evaluating these techniques, such as limited number of values for parameters that cause domain shifts (domain shift parameters). In this paper, we present the first ASD dataset for the domain generalization techniques, called MIMII DG. The dataset consists of five machine types and three domain shift scenarios for each machine type. We prepared at least two values for the domain shift parameters in the source domain. Also, we introduced domain shifts that can be difficult to notice. Experimental results using two baseline systems indicate that the dataset reproduces the domain shift scenarios and is useful for benchmarking domain generalization techniques.      
### 33.Task Offloading with Multi-Tier Computing Resources in Next Generation Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13866.pdf)
>  With the development of next-generation wireless networks, the Internet of Things (IoT) is evolving towards the intelligent IoT (iIoT), where intelligent applications usually have stringent delay and jitter requirements. In order to provide low-latency services to heterogeneous users in the emerging iIoT, multi-tier computing was proposed by effectively combining edge computing and fog computing. More specifically, multi-tier computing systems compensate for cloud computing through task offloading and dispersing computing tasks to multi-tier nodes along the continuum from the cloud to things. In this paper, we investigate key techniques and directions for wireless communications and resource allocation approaches to enable task offloading in multi-tier computing systems. A multi-tier computing model, with its main functionality and optimization methods, is presented in details. We hope that this paper will serve as a valuable reference and guide to the theoretical, algorithmic, and systematic opportunities of multi-tier computing towards next-generation wireless networks.      
### 34.Quantitative and Qualitative Assessment of Indoor Exploration Algorithms for Autonomous UAVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13801.pdf)
>  Indoor exploration is an important task in disaster relief, emergency response scenarios, and Search And Rescue (SAR) missions. Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) systems can aid first responders by maneuvering autonomously in areas inside buildings dangerous for humans to traverse, exploring the interior, and providing an accurate and reliable indoor map before the emergency response team takes action. Due to the challenging conditions in such scenarios and the inherent battery limitations and time constraints, we investigate 2D autonomous exploration strategies (e.g., based on 2D LiDAR) for mapping 3D indoor environments. First, we introduce a battery consumption model to consider the battery life aspect for the first time as a critical factor for evaluating the flight endurance of exploration strategies. Second, we perform extensive simulation experiments in diverse indoor environments using various state-of-the-art 2D LiDAR-based exploration strategies. We evaluate our findings in terms of various quantitative and qualitative performance indicators, suggesting that these strategies behave differently depending on the complexity of the environment and initial conditions, e.g., the entry point.      
### 35.Dither Signal Design for PAPR Reduction in OFDM-IM over a Rayleigh Fading Channel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13793.pdf)
>  Orthogonal frequency division multiplexing with index modulation (OFDM-IM) is a novel scheme where the information bits are conveyed through the subcarrier activation pattern (SAP) and the symbols on the active subcarriers. Unfortunately, OFDM-IM inherits the high peak-to-average power ratio (PAPR) problem from the classical OFDM. The OFDMIM signal with high PAPR induces in-band distortion and out-of-band radiation when it passes through high power amplifier (HPA). There are attempts to reduce PAPR by adding dither signals in the idle subcarriers, where the dither signals can have various amplitude constraints according to the characteristic of the corresponding OFDM-IM subblock. But, there is no result for the specific amplitude constraint for the dither signals over a Rayleigh fading channel. In this letter, based on pairwise error probability (PEP) analysis, a specific constraint for the dither signals is derived over a Rayleigh fading channel.      
### 36.NOMA-ISAC: Performance Analysis and Rate Region Characterization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13756.pdf)
>  This paper analyzes the performance of a multiuser integrated sensing and communications (ISAC) system, where nonorthogonal multiple access (NOMA) is exploited to mitigate inter-user interference. Closed-form expressions are derived to evaluate the outage probability, ergodic communication rate, and sensing rate. Furthermore, asymptotic analyses are carried out to unveil diversity orders and high signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) slopes of the considered NOMA-ISAC system. As the further advance, the achievable sensing-communication rate region of ISAC is characterized. It is proved that ISAC system is capable of achieving a larger rate region than the conventional frequency-division sensing and communications (FDSAC) system.      
### 37.Image Reconstruction of Multi Branch Feature Multiplexing Fusion Network with Mixed Multi-layer Attention  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13738.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution reconstruction achieves better results than traditional methods with the help of the powerful nonlinear representation ability of convolution neural network. However, some existing algorithms also have some problems, such as insufficient utilization of phased features, ignoring the importance of early phased feature fusion to improve network performance, and the inability of the network to pay more attention to high-frequency information in the reconstruction process. To solve these problems, we propose a multi-branch feature multiplexing fusion network with mixed multi-layer attention (MBMFN), which realizes the multiple utilization of features and the multistage fusion of different levels of features. To further improve the networks performance, we propose a lightweight enhanced residual channel attention (LERCA), which can not only effectively avoid the loss of channel information but also make the network pay more attention to the key channel information and benefit from it. Finally, the attention mechanism is introduced into the reconstruction process to strengthen the restoration of edge texture and other details. A large number of experiments on several benchmark sets show that, compared with other advanced reconstruction algorithms, our algorithm produces highly competitive objective indicators and restores more image detail texture information.      
### 38.Adversarial attacks and defenses in Speaker Recognition Systems: A survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13685.pdf)
>  Speaker recognition has become very popular in many application scenarios, such as smart homes and smart assistants, due to ease of use for remote control and economic-friendly features. The rapid development of SRSs is inseparable from the advancement of machine learning, especially neural networks. However, previous work has shown that machine learning models are vulnerable to adversarial attacks in the image domain, which inspired researchers to explore adversarial attacks and defenses in Speaker Recognition Systems (SRS). Unfortunately, existing literature lacks a thorough review of this topic. In this paper, we fill this gap by performing a comprehensive survey on adversarial attacks and defenses in SRSs. We first introduce the basics of SRSs and concepts related to adversarial attacks. Then, we propose two sets of criteria to evaluate the performance of attack methods and defense methods in SRSs, respectively. After that, we provide taxonomies of existing attack methods and defense methods, and further review them by employing our proposed criteria. Finally, based on our review, we find some open issues and further specify a number of future directions to motivate the research of SRSs security.      
### 39.A Semidefinite Relaxation for Sums of Heterogeneous Quadratics on the Stiefel Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13653.pdf)
>  We study the maximization of sums of heterogeneous quadratic functions over the Stiefel manifold, a nonconvex problem that arises in several modern signal processing and machine learning applications such as heteroscedastic probabilistic principal component analysis (HPPCA). In this work, we derive a novel semidefinite program (SDP) relaxation and study a few of its theoretical properties. We prove a global optimality certificate for the original nonconvex problem via a dual certificate, which leads us to propose a simple feasibility problem to certify global optimality of a candidate local solution on the Stiefel manifold. In addition, our relaxation reduces to an assignment linear program for jointly diagonalizable problems and is therefore known to be tight in that case. We generalize this result to show that it is also tight for close-to jointly diagonalizable problems, and we show that the HPPCA problem has this characteristic. Numerical results validate our global optimality certificate and sufficient conditions for when the SDP is tight in various problem settings.      
### 40.Analysis of a Direct Separation Method Based on Adaptive Chirplet Transform for Signals with Crossover Instantaneous Frequencies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13562.pdf)
>  In many applications, it is necessary to retrieve the sub-signal building blocks of a multi-component signal, which is usually non-stationary in real-world and real-life applications. Empirical mode decomposition (EMD), synchrosqueezing transform (SST), signal separation operation (SSO), and iterative filtering decomposition (IFD) have been proposed and developed for this purpose. However, these computational methods are restricted by the specification of well-separation of the sub-signal frequency curves for multi-component signals. On the other hand, the chirplet transform-based signal separation scheme (CT3S) that extends SSO from the two-dimensional "time-frequency" plane to the three-dimensional "time-frequency-chirp rate" space was recently proposed in our recent work to remove the frequency-separation specification, and thereby allowing "frequency crossing". The main objective of this present paper is to carry out an in-depth error analysis study of instantaneous frequency estimation and component recovery for the CT3S method.      
### 41.Effective drug combination for Caenorhabditis elegans nematodes discovered by output-driven feedback system control technique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13544.pdf)
>  Infections from parasitic nematodes (or roundworms) contribute to a significant disease burden and productivity losses for humans and livestock. The limited number of anthelmintics (or antinematode drugs) available today to treat these infections are rapidly losing their efficacy as multidrug resistance in parasites becomes a global health challenge. We propose an engineering approach to discover an anthelmintic drug combination that is more potent at killing wild-type Caenorhabditis elegans worms than four individual drugs. In the experiment, freely swimming single worms are enclosed in microfluidic drug environments to assess the centroid velocity and track curvature of worm movements. After analyzing the behavioral data in every iteration, the feedback system control (FSC) scheme is used to predict new drug combinations to test. Through a differential evolutionary search, the winning drug combination is reached that produces minimal centroid velocity and high track curvature, while requiring each drug in less than their EC50 concentrations. The FSC approach is model-less and does not need any information on the drug pharmacology, signaling pathways, or animal biology. Toward combating multidrug resistance, the method presented here is applicable to the discovery of new potent combinations of available anthelmintics on C. elegans, parasitic nematodes, and other small model organisms.      
