# ArXiv eess --Fri, 13 May 2022
### 1.Graph Fourier transform based on singular value decomposition of directed Laplacian  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06242.pdf)
>  Graph Fourier transform (GFT) is a fundamental concept in graph signal processing. In this paper, based on singular value decomposition of Laplacian, we introduce a novel definition of GFT on directed graphs, and use singular values of Laplacian to carry the notion of graph frequencies. % of the proposed GFT. The proposed GFT is consistent with the conventional GFT in the undirected graph setting, and on directed circulant graphs, the proposed GFT is the classical discrete Fourier transform, up to some rotation, permutation and phase adjustment. We show that frequencies and frequency components of the proposed GFT can be evaluated by solving some constrained minimization problems with low computational cost. Numerical demonstrations indicate that the proposed GFT could represent graph signals with different modes of variation efficiently.      
### 2.Rethinking WMMSE: Can Its Complexity Scale Linearly with the Number of BS Antennas?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06225.pdf)
>  Precoding design for maximizing weighted sum-rate (WSR) is a fundamental problem for downlink of massive multi-user multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) systems. It is well-known that this problem is generally NP-hard due to the presence of multi-user interference. The weighted minimum mean-square error (WMMSE) algorithm is a popular approach for WSR maximization. However, its computational complexity is cubic in the number of base station (BS) antennas, which is unaffordable when the BS is equipped with a large antenna array. In this paper, we consider not only the WSR maximization problem with either a sum-power constraint (SPC) or per-antenna power constraints (PAPCs). For the former, we prove that any nontrivial stationary point must have a low-dimensional subspace structure, and then propose a reduced-WMMSE (R-WMMSE) with linear complexity by exploiting the solution structure. For the latter, we propose a linear-complexity WMMSE approach, named PAPC-WMMSE, by using a novel recursive design of the algorithm. Both R-WMMSE and PAPC-WMMSE have simple closed-form updates and guaranteed convergence to stationary points. Simulation results verify the efficacy of the proposed designs, especially the much lower complexity as compared to the state-of-the-art approaches for massive MU-MIMO systems.      
### 3.High frequency tunable grounded and floating incremental/ decremental meminductor emulator and its application as Amplitude Modulator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06221.pdf)
>  In this paper, a new design has been proposed for the realization of grounded and floating meminductor emulators built with two OTAs and two second-generation current conveyors. The proposed emulators can be configured in both incremental and decremental topology. This paper also proposes the application of meminductor as Amplitude Modulator (AM). The proposed circuits and its application claim that the circuit is much simpler in design and can be utilized in both topologies. The performance of all the proposed circuits has been verified with Cadence Virtuoso Spectre on CMOS 180 nm. Furthermore, post-layout simulations and its comparison along with non-ideal and Monte Carlo analysis have been carried out in detail.      
### 4.Contingency-constrained economic dispatch with safe reinforcement learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06212.pdf)
>  Future power systems will rely heavily on micro grids with a high share of decentralised renewable energy sources and energy storage systems. The high complexity and uncertainty in this context might make conventional power dispatch strategies infeasible. Reinforcement-learning based (RL) controllers can address this challenge, however, cannot themselves provide safety guarantees, preventing their deployment in practice. To overcome this limitation, we propose a formally validated RL controller for economic dispatch. We extend conventional constraints by a time-dependent constraint encoding the islanding contingency. The contingency constraint is computed using set-based backwards reachability analysis and actions of the RL agent are verified through a safety layer. Unsafe actions are projected into the safe action space while leveraging constrained zonotope set representations for computational efficiency. The developed approach is demonstrated on a residential use case using real-world measurements.      
### 5.Neural Network-based OFDM Receiver for Resource Constrained IoT Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06159.pdf)
>  Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)-based waveforms are used for communication links in many current and emerging Internet of Things (IoT) applications, including the latest WiFi standards. For such OFDM-based transceivers, many core physical layer functions related to channel estimation, demapping, and decoding are implemented for specific choices of channel types and modulation schemes, among others. To decouple hard-wired choices from the receiver chain and thereby enhance the flexibility of IoT deployment in many novel scenarios without changing the underlying hardware, we explore a novel, modular Machine Learning (ML)-based receiver chain design. Here, ML blocks replace the individual processing blocks of an OFDM receiver, and we specifically describe this swapping for the legacy channel estimation, symbol demapping, and decoding blocks with Neural Networks (NNs). A unique aspect of this modular design is providing flexible allocation of processing functions to the legacy or ML blocks, allowing them to interchangeably coexist. Furthermore, we study the implementation cost-benefits of the proposed NNs in resource-constrained IoT devices through pruning and quantization, as well as emulation of these compressed NNs within Field Programmable Gate Arrays (FPGAs). Our evaluations demonstrate that the proposed modular NN-based receiver improves bit error rate of the traditional non-ML receiver by averagely 61% and 10% for the simulated and over-the-air datasets, respectively. We further show complexity-performance tradeoffs by presenting computational complexity comparisons between the traditional algorithms and the proposed compressed NNs.      
### 6.Training Strategies for Own Voice Reconstruction in Hearing Protection Devices using an In-ear Microphone  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06157.pdf)
>  In-ear microphones in hearing protection devices can be utilized to capture the own voice speech of the person wearing the devices in noisy environments. Since in-ear recordings of the own voice are typically band-limited, an own voice reconstruction system is required to recover clean broadband speech from the in-ear signals. However, the availability of speech data for this scenario is typically limited due to device-specific transfer characteristics and the need to collect data from in-situ measurements. In this paper, we apply a deep learning-based bandwidth-extension system to the own voice reconstruction task and investigate different training strategies in order to overcome the limited availability of training data. Experimental results indicate that the use of simulated training data based on recordings of several talkers in combination with a fine-tuning approach using real data is advantageous compared to directly training on a small real dataset.      
### 7.NeuralTree: A 256-Channel 0.227μJ/class Versatile Neural Activity Classification and Closed-Loop Neuromodulation SoC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06090.pdf)
>  Closed-loop neural interfaces with on-chip machine learning can detect and suppress disease symptoms in neurological disorders or restore lost functions in paralyzed patients. While high-density neural recording can provide rich neural activity information for accurate disease-state detection, existing systems have low channel count and poor scalability, which could limit their therapeutic efficacy. This work presents a highly scalable and versatile closed-loop neural interface SoC that can overcome these limitations. A 256-channel time-division multiplexed (TDM) front-end with a two-step fast-settling mixed-signal DC servo loop (DSL) is proposed to record high-spatial-resolution neural activity and perform channel-selective brain-state inference. A tree-structured neural network (NeuralTree) classification processor extracts a rich set of neural biomarkers in a patient- and disease-specific manner. Trained with an energy-aware learning algorithm, the NeuralTree classifier detects the symptoms of underlying disorders at an optimal energy-accuracy trade-off. A 16-channel high-voltage (HV) compliant neurostimulator closes the therapeutic loop by delivering charge-balanced biphasic current pulses to the brain. The proposed SoC was fabricated in 65nm CMOS and achieved a 0.227{\mu}J/class energy efficiency in a compact area of 0.014mm\textsuperscript{2}/channel. The SoC was extensively verified on human electroencephalography (EEG) and intracranial EEG (iEEG) epilepsy datasets, obtaining 95.6\%/94\% sensitivity and 96.8\%/96.9\% specificity, respectively. \emph{In-vivo} neural recordings using soft {\mu}ECoG arrays and multi-domain biomarker extraction were further performed on a rat model of epilepsy. In addition, for the first time in literature, on-chip classification of rest-state tremor in Parkinson's disease from human local field potentials (LFPs) was demonstrated.      
### 8.Data-Driven Sensor Selection Method Based on Proximal Optimization for High-Dimensional Data With Correlated Measurement Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06067.pdf)
>  The present paper proposes a data-driven sensor selection method for a high-dimensional nondynamical system with strongly correlated measurement noise. The proposed method is based on proximal optimization and determines sensor locations by minimizing the trace of the inverse of the Fisher information matrix under a block-sparsity hard constraint. The proposed method can avoid the difficulty of sensor selection with strongly correlated measurement noise, in which the possible sensor locations must be known in advance for calculating the precision matrix for selecting sensor locations. The problem can be efficiently solved by the alternating direction method of multipliers, and the computational complexity of the proposed method is proportional to the number of potential sensor locations when it is used in combination with a low-rank expression of the measurement noise model. The advantage of the proposed method over existing sensor selection methods is demonstrated through experiments using artificial and real datasets.      
### 9.Ultra-Reliable Low-Latency Communication for Aerial Vehicles via Multi-Connectivity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06046.pdf)
>  Aerial vehicles (AVs) such as electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) make aerial passenger transportation a reality in urban environments. However, their communication connectivity is still under research to realize their safe and full-scale operation, which requires stringent end-to-end (E2E) reliability and delay. In this paper, we evaluate reliability and delay for the downlink communication of AVs, i.e., remote piloting, control/telemetry traffic of AVs. We investigate direct air-to-ground (DA2G) and air-to-air (A2A) communication technologies, along with high altitude platforms (HAPs) to explore the conditions of how multi-connectivity (MC) options satisfy the demanding E2E connectivity requirements under backhaul link bottleneck. Our considered use case is ultra-reliable low-latency communication (URLLC) under the finite blocklength (FBL) regime due to the nature of downlink control communication to AVs. In our numerical study, we find that providing requirements by single connectivity to AVs is very challenging due to the line-of-sight (LoS) interference and reduced gains of downtilt ground base station (BS) antenna. We also find that even with very efficient interference mitigation, existing cellular networks designed for terrestrial users are not capable of meeting the URLLC requirements calling for MC solutions.      
### 10.Automated Audio Captioning: an Overview of Recent Progress and New Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05949.pdf)
>  Automated audio captioning is a cross-modal translation task that aims to generate natural language descriptions for given audio clips. This task has received increasing attention with the release of freely available datasets in recent years. The problem has been addressed predominantly with deep learning techniques. Numerous approaches have been proposed, such as investigating different neural network architectures, exploiting auxiliary information such as keywords or sentence information to guide caption generation, and employing different training strategies, which have greatly facilitated the development of this field. In this paper, we present a comprehensive review of the published contributions in automated audio captioning, from a variety of existing approaches to evaluation metrics and datasets. Moreover, we discuss open challenges and envisage possible future research directions.      
### 11.NLOS Error Mitigation Using Weighted Least Squares and Kalman Filter in UWB Positioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05939.pdf)
>  In wireless positioning systems, non-line-of-sight (NLOS) is a challenging problem. NLOS causes great ranging bias and location error, so NLOS mitigation is essential for high accuracy positioning. In this letter, we propose the Weighted-Least-Squares Robust Kalman Filter (WLS-RKF) for NLOS identification and mitigation. WLS-RKF employs a hypothesis test based on Mahalanobis distance for NLOS identification, and updates the corresponding Kalman filter using the WLS solution. It requires no prior knowledge about NLOS distribution or signal features. We perform simulations and experiments for ultra-wideband (UWB) positioning in various scenarios. The results confirm that WLS-RKF effectively mitigates NLOS error and achieves 5cm positioning accuracy.      
### 12.Observer-Based Consensus of Nonlinear Positive Multi-Agent Systems with Saturated Control Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05914.pdf)
>  This paper presents the distributed pinning consensus solution for nonlinear positive multi-agent systems with nonlinear control input by applying observer-based control protocols. The network topology is considered as a directed and fully connected structure. By considering sector input nonlinearities and various forms of topologies, two kinds of state observers involving standard observer and distributed pinning observer are presented for each regarded nonlinear agent by applying a novel analysis directly dealing with the nonlinear input and nonlinear system dynamics. The measured local output detail outlines the first observer, and the other observer is achieved via the corresponding output detail of its adjacent agents. Based on further observed state details, a distributed pinning observer-based strategy is derived for the leader-follower non-negative global consensus of the nonlinear positive multi-agent system. Additionally, two multi-step algorithms are proposed to set up the observer gains and each protocol criterion. Performance evaluations are provided to confirm the proposed control method and illustrate the effectiveness of the derived non-negative consensus observer-based protocols.      
### 13.Pseudo-Label Guided Multi-Contrast Generalization for Non-Contrast Organ-Aware Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05898.pdf)
>  Non-contrast computed tomography (NCCT) is commonly acquired for lung cancer screening, assessment of general abdominal pain or suspected renal stones, trauma evaluation, and many other indications. However, the absence of contrast limits distinguishing organ in-between boundaries. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised approach that leverages pairwise contrast-enhanced CT (CECT) context to compute non-contrast segmentation without ground-truth label. Unlike generative adversarial approaches, we compute the pairwise morphological context with CECT to provide teacher guidance instead of generating fake anatomical context. Additionally, we further augment the intensity correlations in 'organ-specific' settings and increase the sensitivity to organ-aware boundary. We validate our approach on multi-organ segmentation with paired non-contrast &amp; contrast-enhanced CT scans using five-fold cross-validation. Full external validations are performed on an independent non-contrast cohort for aorta segmentation. Compared with current abdominal organs segmentation state-of-the-art in fully supervised setting, our proposed pipeline achieves a significantly higher Dice by 3.98% (internal multi-organ annotated), and 8.00% (external aorta annotated) for abdominal organs segmentation. The code and pretrained models are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/MASILab/ContrastMix" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 14.AFFIRM: Affinity Fusion-based Framework for Iteratively Random Motion correction of multi-slice fetal brain MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05851.pdf)
>  Multi-slice magnetic resonance images of the fetal brain are usually contaminated by severe and arbitrary fetal and maternal motion. Hence, stable and robust motion correction is necessary to reconstruct high-resolution 3D fetal brain volume for clinical diagnosis and quantitative analysis. However, the conventional registration-based correction has a limited capture range and is insufficient for detecting relatively large motions. Here, we present a novel Affinity Fusion-based Framework for Iteratively Random Motion (AFFIRM) correction of the multi-slice fetal brain MRI. It learns the sequential motion from multiple stacks of slices and integrates the features between 2D slices and reconstructed 3D volume using affinity fusion, which resembles the iterations between slice-to-volume registration and volumetric reconstruction in the regular pipeline. The method accurately estimates the motion regardless of brain orientations and outperforms other state-of-the-art learning-based methods on the simulated motion-corrupted data, with a 48.4% reduction of mean absolute error for rotation and 61.3% for displacement. We then incorporated AFFIRM into the multi-resolution slice-to-volume registration and tested it on the real-world fetal MRI scans at different gestation stages. The results indicated that adding AFFIRM to the conventional pipeline improved the success rate of fetal brain super-resolution reconstruction from 77.2% to 91.9%.      
### 15.Leveraging Uncertainty for Deep Interpretable Classification and Weakly-Supervised Segmentation of Histology Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05841.pdf)
>  Trained using only image class label, deep weakly supervised methods allow image classification and ROI segmentation for interpretability. Despite their success on natural images, they face several challenges over histology data where ROI are visually similar to background making models vulnerable to high pixel-wise false positives. These methods lack mechanisms for modeling explicitly non-discriminative regions which raises false-positive rates. We propose novel regularization terms, which enable the model to seek both non-discriminative and discriminative regions, while discouraging unbalanced segmentations and using only image class label. Our method is composed of two networks: a localizer that yields segmentation mask, followed by a classifier. The training loss pushes the localizer to build a segmentation mask that holds most discrimiantive regions while simultaneously modeling background regions. Comprehensive experiments over two histology datasets showed the merits of our method in reducing false positives and accurately segmenting ROI.      
### 16.Real-Time Packet Loss Concealment With Mixed Generative and Predictive Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05785.pdf)
>  As deep speech enhancement algorithms have recently demonstrated capabilities greatly surpassing their traditional counterparts for suppressing noise, reverberation and echo, attention is turning to the problem of packet loss concealment (PLC). PLC is a challenging task because it not only involves real-time speech synthesis, but also frequent transitions between the received audio and the synthesized concealment. We propose a hybrid neural PLC architecture where the missing speech is synthesized using a generative model conditioned using a predictive model. The resulting algorithm achieves natural concealment that surpasses the quality of existing conventional PLC algorithms and ranked second in the Interspeech 2022 PLC Challenge. We show that our solution not only works for uncompressed audio, but is also applicable to a modern speech codec.      
### 17.Annealed Langevin Dynamics for Massive MIMO Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05776.pdf)
>  Solving the optimal symbol detection problem in multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems is known to be NP-hard. Hence, the objective of any detector of practical relevance is to get reasonably close to the optimal solution while keeping the computational complexity in check. In this work, we propose a MIMO detector based on an annealed version of Langevin (stochastic) dynamics. More precisely, we define a stochastic dynamical process whose stationary distribution coincides with the posterior distribution of the symbols given our observations. In essence, this allows us to approximate the maximum a posteriori estimator of the transmitted symbols by sampling from the proposed Langevin dynamic. Furthermore, we carefully craft this stochastic dynamic by gradually adding a sequence of noise with decreasing variance to the trajectories, which ensures that the estimated symbols belong to a pre-specified discrete constellation. Based on the proposed MIMO detector, we also design a robust version of the method by unfolding and parameterizing one term -- the score of the likelihood -- by a neural network. Through numerical experiments in both synthetic and real-world data, we show that our proposed detector yields state-of-the-art symbol error rate performance and the robust version becomes noise-variance agnostic.      
### 18.CSI-based Indoor Localization via Attention-Augmented Residual Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05775.pdf)
>  Deep learning has been widely adopted for channel state information (CSI)-fingerprinting indoor localization systems. These systems usually consist of two main parts, i.e., a positioning network that learns the mapping from high-dimensional CSI to physical locations and a tracking system that utilizes historical CSI to reduce the positioning error. This paper presents a new localization system with high accuracy and generality. On the one hand, the receptive field of the existing convolutional neural network (CNN)-based positioning networks is limited, restricting their performance as useful information in CSI is not explored thoroughly. As a solution, we propose a novel attention-augmented Residual CNN to utilize the local information and global context in CSI exhaustively. On the other hand, considering the generality of a tracking system, we decouple the tracking system from the CSI environments so that one tracking system for all environments becomes possible. Specifically, we remodel the tracking problem as a denoising task and solve it with deep trajectory prior. Furthermore, we investigate how the precision difference of inertial measurement units will adversely affect the tracking performance and adopt plug-and-play to solve the precision difference problem. Experiments show the superiority of our methods over existing approaches in performance and generality improvement.      
### 19.A Closer Look at Audio-Visual Multi-Person Speech Recognition and Active Speaker Selection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05684.pdf)
>  Audio-visual automatic speech recognition is a promising approach to robust ASR under noisy conditions. However, up until recently it had been traditionally studied in isolation assuming the video of a single speaking face matches the audio, and selecting the active speaker at inference time when multiple people are on screen was put aside as a separate problem. As an alternative, recent work has proposed to address the two problems simultaneously with an attention mechanism, baking the speaker selection problem directly into a fully differentiable model. One interesting finding was that the attention indirectly learns the association between the audio and the speaking face even though this correspondence is never explicitly provided at training time. In the present work we further investigate this connection and examine the interplay between the two problems. With experiments involving over 50 thousand hours of public YouTube videos as training data, we first evaluate the accuracy of the attention layer on an active speaker selection task. Secondly, we show under closer scrutiny that an end-to-end model performs at least as well as a considerably larger two-step system that utilizes a hard decision boundary under various noise conditions and number of parallel face tracks.      
### 20.Sketching sparse low-rank matrices with near-optimal sample- and time-complexity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06228.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of recovering an $n_1 \times n_2$ low-rank matrix with $k$-sparse singular vectors from a small number of linear measurements (sketch). We propose a sketching scheme and an algorithm that can recover the singular vectors with high probability, with a sample complexity and running time that both depend only on $k$ and not on the ambient dimensions $n_1$ and $n_2$. Our sketching operator, based on a scheme for compressed sensing by Li et al. and Bakshi et al., uses a combination of a sparse parity check matrix and a partial DFT matrix. Our main contribution is the design and analysis of a two-stage iterative algorithm which recovers the singular vectors by exploiting the simultaneously sparse and low-rank structure of the matrix. We derive a nonasymptotic bound on the probability of exact recovery. We also show how the scheme can be adapted to tackle matrices that are approximately sparse and low-rank. The theoretical results are validated by numerical simulations.      
### 21.Fluorescent wavefront shaping using incoherent iterative phase conjugation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06215.pdf)
>  Wavefront shaping correction makes it possible to image fluorescent particles deep inside scattering tissue. This requires determining a correction mask to be placed in both excitation and emission paths. Standard approaches select correction masks by optimizing various image metrics, a process that requires capturing a prohibitively large number of images. To reduce acquisition cost, iterative phase conjugation techniques use the observation that the desired correction mask is an eigenvector of the tissue transmission operator. They then determine this eigenvector via optical implementations of the power iteration method, which require capturing orders of magnitude fewer images. Existing iterative phase conjugation techniques assume a linear model for the transmission of light through tissue, and thus only apply to fully-coherent imaging systems. We extend such techniques to the incoherent case for the first time. The fact that light emitted from different sources sums incoherently violates the linear model and makes linear transmission operators inapplicable. We show that, surprisingly, the non-linearity due to incoherent summation results in an order-of-magnitude acceleration in the convergence of the phase conjugation iteration.      
### 22.Image Segmentation with Topological Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06197.pdf)
>  Solving segmentation tasks with topological priors proved to make fewer errors in fine-scale structures. In this work, we use topological priors both before and during the deep neural network training procedure. We compared the results of the two approaches with simple segmentation on various accuracy metrics and the Betti number error, which is directly related to topological correctness, and discovered that incorporating topological information into the classical UNet model performed significantly better. We conducted experiments on the ISBI EM segmentation dataset.      
### 23.Improved Meta Learning for Low Resource Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06182.pdf)
>  We propose a new meta learning based framework for low resource speech recognition that improves the previous model agnostic meta learning (MAML) approach. The MAML is a simple yet powerful meta learning approach. However, the MAML presents some core deficiencies such as training instabilities and slower convergence speed. To address these issues, we adopt multi-step loss (MSL). The MSL aims to calculate losses at every step of the inner loop of MAML and then combines them with a weighted importance vector. The importance vector ensures that the loss at the last step has more importance than the previous steps. Our empirical evaluation shows that MSL significantly improves the stability of the training procedure and it thus also improves the accuracy of the overall system. Our proposed system outperforms MAML based low resource ASR system on various languages in terms of character error rates and stable training behavior.      
### 24.Data-aided Underwater Acoustic Ray Propagation Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06066.pdf)
>  Acoustic propagation models are widely used in numerous oceanic and other underwater applications. Most conventional models are approximate solutions of the acoustic wave equation, and require accurate environmental knowledge to be available beforehand. Environmental parameters may not always be easily or accurately measurable. While data-driven techniques might allow us to model acoustic propagation without the need for extensive prior environmental knowledge, such techniques tend to be data-hungry and often infeasible in oceanic applications where data collection is difficult and expensive. We propose a data-aided ray physics based high frequency acoustic propagation modeling approach that enables us to train models with only a small amount of data. The proposed framework is not only data-efficient, but also offers flexibility to incorporate varying degrees of environmental knowledge, and generalizes well to permit extrapolation beyond the area where data was collected. We demonstrate the feasibility and applicability of our method through four numerical case studies, and one controlled experiment. We also benchmark our method's performance against classical data-driven techniques.      
### 25.Outage Analysis of Aerial Semi-Grant-Free NOMA Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06063.pdf)
>  In this paper, we analyze the outage performance of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs)-enabled downlink non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) communication systems with the semi-grant-free (SGF) transmission scheme. A UAV provides coverage services for a grant-based (GB) user and one user is allowed to utilize the same channel resource opportunistically. The hybrid successive interference cancellation scheme is implemented in the downlink NOMA scenarios for the first time. The analytical expressions for the exact and asymptotic outage probability (OP) of the grant-free (GF) user are derived. The results demonstrate that no-zero diversity order can be achieved only under stringent conditions on users' quality of service requirements. Subsequently, we propose an efficient dynamic power allocation (DPA) scheme to relax such data rate constraints to address this issue. The analytical expressions for the exact and asymptotic OP of the GF user with the DPA scheme are derived. Finally, Monte Carlo simulation results are presented to validate the correctness of the derived analytical expressions and demonstrate the effects of the UAV's location and altitude on the OP of the GF user.      
### 26.Unified Source-Filter GAN with Harmonic-plus-Noise Source Excitation Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06053.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a unified source-filter network with a harmonic-plus-noise source excitation generation mechanism. In our previous work, we proposed unified Source-Filter GAN (uSFGAN) for developing a high-fidelity neural vocoder with flexible voice controllability using a unified source-filter neural network architecture. However, the capability of uSFGAN to model the aperiodic source excitation signal is insufficient, and there is still a gap in sound quality between the natural and generated speech. To improve the source excitation modeling and generated sound quality, a new source excitation generation network separately generating periodic and aperiodic components is proposed. The advanced adversarial training procedure of HiFiGAN is also adopted to replace that of Parallel WaveGAN used in the original uSFGAN. Both objective and subjective evaluation results show that the modified uSFGAN significantly improves the sound quality of the basic uSFGAN while maintaining the voice controllability.      
### 27.D3T-GAN: Data-Dependent Domain Transfer GANs for Few-shot Image Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.06032.pdf)
>  As an important and challenging problem, few-shot image generation aims at generating realistic images through training a GAN model given few samples. A typical solution for few-shot generation is to transfer a well-trained GAN model from a data-rich source domain to the data-deficient target domain. In this paper, we propose a novel self-supervised transfer scheme termed D3T-GAN, addressing the cross-domain GANs transfer in few-shot image generation. Specifically, we design two individual strategies to transfer knowledge between generators and discriminators, respectively. To transfer knowledge between generators, we conduct a data-dependent transformation, which projects and reconstructs the target samples into the source generator space. Then, we perform knowledge transfer from transformed samples to generated samples. To transfer knowledge between discriminators, we design a multi-level discriminant knowledge distillation from the source discriminator to the target discriminator on both the real and fake samples. Extensive experiments show that our method improve the quality of generated images and achieves the state-of-the-art FID scores on commonly used datasets.      
### 28.Blueprint Separable Residual Network for Efficient Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05996.pdf)
>  Recent advances in single image super-resolution (SISR) have achieved extraordinary performance, but the computational cost is too heavy to apply in edge devices. To alleviate this problem, many novel and effective solutions have been proposed. Convolutional neural network (CNN) with the attention mechanism has attracted increasing attention due to its efficiency and effectiveness. However, there is still redundancy in the convolution operation. In this paper, we propose Blueprint Separable Residual Network (BSRN) containing two efficient designs. One is the usage of blueprint separable convolution (BSConv), which takes place of the redundant convolution operation. The other is to enhance the model ability by introducing more effective attention modules. The experimental results show that BSRN achieves state-of-the-art performance among existing efficient SR methods. Moreover, a smaller variant of our model BSRN-S won the first place in model complexity track of NTIRE 2022 Efficient SR Challenge. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/xiaom233/BSRN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 29.Controlling chaotic itinerancy in laser dynamics for reinforcement learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05987.pdf)
>  Photonic artificial intelligence has attracted considerable interest in accelerating machine learning; however, the unique optical properties have not been fully utilized for achieving higher-order functionalities. Chaotic itinerancy, with its spontaneous transient dynamics among multiple quasi-attractors, can be employed to realize brain-like functionalities. In this paper, we propose a method for controlling the chaotic itinerancy in a multi-mode semiconductor laser to solve a machine learning task, known as the multi-armed bandit problem, which is fundamental to reinforcement learning. The proposed method utilizes ultrafast chaotic itinerant motion in mode competition dynamics controlled via optical injection. We found that the exploration mechanism is completely different from a conventional searching algorithm and is highly scalable, outperforming the conventional approaches for large-scale bandit problems. This study paves the way to utilize chaotic itinerancy for effectively solving complex machine learning tasks as photonic hardware accelerators.      
### 30.Towards Robust Unsupervised Disentanglement of Sequential Data -- A Case Study Using Music Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05871.pdf)
>  Disentangled sequential autoencoders (DSAEs) represent a class of probabilistic graphical models that describes an observed sequence with dynamic latent variables and a static latent variable. The former encode information at a frame rate identical to the observation, while the latter globally governs the entire sequence. This introduces an inductive bias and facilitates unsupervised disentanglement of the underlying local and global factors. In this paper, we show that the vanilla DSAE suffers from being sensitive to the choice of model architecture and capacity of the dynamic latent variables, and is prone to collapse the static latent variable. As a countermeasure, we propose TS-DSAE, a two-stage training framework that first learns sequence-level prior distributions, which are subsequently employed to regularise the model and facilitate auxiliary objectives to promote disentanglement. The proposed framework is fully unsupervised and robust against the global factor collapse problem across a wide range of model configurations. It also avoids typical solutions such as adversarial training which usually involves laborious parameter tuning, and domain-specific data augmentation. We conduct quantitative and qualitative evaluations to demonstrate its robustness in terms of disentanglement on both artificial and real-world music audio datasets.      
### 31.Tutorial: Analog Matrix Computing (AMC) with Crosspoint Resistive Memory Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05853.pdf)
>  Matrix computation is ubiquitous in modern scientific and engineering fields. Due to the high computational complexity in conventional digital computers, matrix computation represents a heavy workload in many data-intensive applications, e.g., machine learning, scientific computing, and wireless communications. For fast, efficient matrix computations, analog computing with resistive memory arrays has been proven to be a promising solution. In this Tutorial, we present analog matrix computing (AMC) circuits based on crosspoint resistive memory arrays. AMC circuits are able to carry out basic matrix computations, including matrix multiplication, matrix inversion, pseudoinverse and eigenvector computation, all with one single operation. We describe the main design principles of the AMC circuits, such as local/global or negative/positive feedback configurations, with/without external inputs. Mapping strategies for matrices containing negative values will be presented. The underlying requirements for circuit stability will be described via the transfer function analysis, which also defines time complexity of the circuits towards steady-state results. Lastly, typical applications, challenges, and future trends of AMC circuits will be discussed.      
### 32.On the Capacity-Achieving Input of the Gaussian Channel with Polar Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05850.pdf)
>  The polar receiver architecture is a receiver design that captures the envelope and phase information of the signal rather than its in-phase and quadrature components. Several studies have demonstrated the robustness of polar receivers to phase noise and other nonlinearities. Yet, the information-theoretic limits of polar receivers with finite-precision quantizers have not been investigated in the literature. The main contribution of this work is to identify the optimal signaling strategy for the additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) channel with polar quantization at the output. More precisely, we show that the capacity-achieving modulation scheme has an amplitude phase shift keying (APSK) structure. Using this result, the capacity of the AWGN channel with polar quantization at the output is established by numerically optimizing the probability mass function of the amplitude. The capacity of the polar-quantized AWGN channel with $b_1$-bit phase quantizer and optimized single-bit magnitude quantizer is also presented. Our numerical findings suggest the existence of signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) thresholds, above which the number of amplitude levels of the optimal APSK scheme and their respective probabilities change abruptly. Moreover, the manner in which the capacity-achieving input evolves with increasing SNR depends on the number of phase quantization bits.      
### 33.An MMSE Lower Bound via Poincaré Inequality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05848.pdf)
>  This paper studies the minimum mean squared error (MMSE) of estimating $\mathbf{X} \in \mathbb{R}^d$ from the noisy observation $\mathbf{Y} \in \mathbb{R}^k$, under the assumption that the noise (i.e., $\mathbf{Y}|\mathbf{X}$) is a member of the exponential family. The paper provides a new lower bound on the MMSE. Towards this end, an alternative representation of the MMSE is first presented, which is argued to be useful in deriving closed-form expressions for the MMSE. This new representation is then used together with the Poincaré inequality to provide a new lower bound on the MMSE. Unlike, for example, the Cramér-Rao bound, the new bound holds for all possible distributions on the input $\mathbf{X}$. Moreover, the lower bound is shown to be tight in the high-noise regime for the Gaussian noise setting under the assumption that $\mathbf{X}$ is sub-Gaussian. Finally, several numerical examples are shown which demonstrate that the bound performs well in all noise regimes.      
### 34.Continuous wavelet transform of multiview images using wavelets based on voxel patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05823.pdf)
>  We propose the multiview wavelets based on voxel patterns of autostereoscopic multiview displays. Direct and inverse continuous wavelet transforms of binary and gray-scale images were performed. The input to the inverse wavelet transform was the array of wavelet coefficients of the direct transform. A restored image reproduces the structure of the multiview image correctly. Also, we modified the dimension of the parallax and the depth of 3D images. The restored and modified images were displayed in 3D using lenticular plates. In each case, the visual 3D picture corresponds to the applied modifications. The results can be applied to the autostereoscopic 3D displays.      
### 35.Representation Learning for Context-Dependent Decision-Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05820.pdf)
>  Humans are capable of adjusting to changing environments flexibly and quickly. Empirical evidence has revealed that representation learning plays a crucial role in endowing humans with such a capability. Inspired by this observation, we study representation learning in the sequential decision-making scenario with contextual changes. We propose an online algorithm that is able to learn and transfer context-dependent representations and show that it significantly outperforms the existing ones that do not learn representations adaptively. As a case study, we apply our algorithm to the Wisconsin Card Sorting Task, a well-established test for the mental flexibility of humans in sequential decision-making. By comparing our algorithm with the standard Q-learning and Deep-Q learning algorithms, we demonstrate the benefits of adaptive representation learning.      
### 36.Bridging Model-based Safety and Model-free Reinforcement Learning through System Identification of Low Dimensional Linear Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05787.pdf)
>  Bridging model-based safety and model-free reinforcement learning (RL) for dynamic robots is appealing since model-based methods are able to provide formal safety guarantees, while RL-based methods are able to exploit the robot agility by learning from the full-order system dynamics. However, current approaches to tackle this problem are mostly restricted to simple systems. In this paper, we propose a new method to combine model-based safety with model-free reinforcement learning by explicitly finding a low-dimensional model of the system controlled by a RL policy and applying stability and safety guarantees on that simple model. We use a complex bipedal robot Cassie, which is a high dimensional nonlinear system with hybrid dynamics and underactuation, and its RL-based walking controller as an example. We show that a low-dimensional dynamical model is sufficient to capture the dynamics of the closed-loop system. We demonstrate that this model is linear, asymptotically stable, and is decoupled across control input in all dimensions. We further exemplify that such linearity exists even when using different RL control policies. Such results point out an interesting direction to understand the relationship between RL and optimal control: whether RL tends to linearize the nonlinear system during training in some cases. Furthermore, we illustrate that the found linear model is able to provide guarantees by safety-critical optimal control framework, e.g., Model Predictive Control with Control Barrier Functions, on an example of autonomous navigation using Cassie while taking advantage of the agility provided by the RL-based controller.      
### 37.Desarrollo del software de interfaz de usuario para el espectrógrafo astronómico COLORES instalado en el observatorio de la Mayora  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05773.pdf)
>  This thesis project arises from the need to put into operation the spectrograph (COLORES) of the station (BOOTES 2), located in La Mayora and belonging to the network of Burst Observer and Optical Transient Exploring System (BOOTES) telescopes. A robotic telescope such as the one located at BOOTES 2 has, among its many virtues, the ability to perform a multitude of observations with a very low reaction time. This makes it possible to obtain a large amount of data on the positioning and characterization of astronomical bodies. With this tool in operation, it will now be possible to extract a multitude of new parameters from the observations, providing this station with a more complete and versatile instrument with which to obtain more interesting scientific information. <br>For this task, a series of scripts will be performed. Specifically two, one for the calibration of the spectrograph and another one in charge of the image processing and the extraction of its spectrum. This will be carried out using Spyder software (Python), in which, in addition, numerous tests will be carried out to verify that the software works perfectly. Once these tests have been carried out, it will be implemented in the telescope's Web page for its use. <br>Several libraries will be used for this purpose, including Astropy, which includes a complete package for handling astronomical data in Python, and Matplotlib, which allows the use of graphics generated from data contained in arrays. In addition, several image acquisition techniques will be used, such as: filtering, Gaussian adjustment, and use of regions of interferences. With all this, the data extracted from the telescope will be optimized to achieve the desired results.      
### 38.Deep Learning and Synthetic Media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05764.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms are rapidly changing the way in which audiovisual media can be produced. Synthetic audiovisual media generated with deep learning - often subsumed colloquially under the label "deepfakes" - have a number of impressive characteristics; they are increasingly trivial to produce, and can be indistinguishable from real sounds and images recorded with a sensor. Much attention has been dedicated to ethical concerns raised by this technological development. Here, I focus instead on a set of issues related to the notion of synthetic audiovisual media, its place within a broader taxonomy of audiovisual media, and how deep learning techniques differ from more traditional approaches to media synthesis. After reviewing important etiological features of deep learning pipelines for media manipulation and generation, I argue that "deepfakes" and related synthetic media produced with such pipelines do not merely offer incremental improvements over previous methods, but challenge traditional taxonomical distinctions, and pave the way for genuinely novel kinds of audiovisual media.      
### 39.Efficient Antenna Optimization Using a Hybrid of Evolutionary Programing and Particle Swarm Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05759.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a hybrid of Evolutionary Programming (EP) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithms for numerically efficient global optimization of antenna arrays and metasurfaces. The hybrid EP-PSO algorithm uses an evolutionary optimization approach that incorporates swarm directions in the standard self-adaptive EP algorithm. As examples, we have applied this hybrid technique to two antenna problems: the side-lobe-level reduction of a non-uniform spaced (aperiodic) linear array and the beam shaping of a printed antenna loaded with a partially reflective metasurface. Detailed comparisons between the proposed hybrid EP-PSO technique and EP-only and PSO-only techniques are given, demonstrating the efficiency of this hybrid technique in the complex antenna design problems.      
### 40.Theory and Implementation of Process and Temperature Scalable Shape-based CMOS Analog Circuits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.05664.pdf)
>  Analog computing is attractive to its digital counterparts due to its potential for achieving high compute density and energy efficiency. However, the device-to-device variability and challenges in porting existing designs to advance process nodes have posed a major hindrance in harnessing the full potential of analog computations for Machine Learning (ML) applications. This work proposes a novel analog computing framework for designing an analog ML processor similar to that of a digital design - where the designs can be scaled and ported to advanced process nodes without architectural changes. At the core of our work lies shape-based analog computing (S-AC). It utilizes device primitives to yield a robust proto-function through which other non-linear shapes can be derived. S-AC paradigm also allows the user to trade off computational precision with silicon circuit area and power. Thus allowing users to build a truly power-efficient and scalable analog architecture where the same synthesized analog circuit can operate across different biasing regimes of transistors and simultaneously scale across process nodes. As a proof of concept, we show the implementation of commonly used mathematical functions for carrying standard ML tasks in both planar CMOS 180nm and FinFET 7nm process nodes. The synthesized Shape-based ML architecture has been demonstrated for its classification accuracy on standard data sets at different process nodes.      
### 41.Stabilizing a linear system using phone calls: when time is information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1804.00351.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of stabilizing an undisturbed, scalar, linear system over a "timing" channel, namely a channel where information is communicated through the timestamps of the transmitted symbols. Each symbol transmitted from a sensor to a controller in a closed-loop system is received subject to some to random delay. The sensor can encode messages in the waiting times between successive transmissions and the controller must decode them from the inter-reception times of successive symbols. This set-up is analogous to a telephone system where a transmitter signals a phone call to a receiver through a "ring" and, after the random delay required to establish the connection; the receiver is aware of the "ring" being received. Since there is no data payload exchange between the sensor and the controller, this set-up provides an abstraction for performing event-triggering control with zero-payload rate. We show the following requirement for stabilization: for the state of the system to converge to zero in probability, the timing capacity of the channel should be, essentially, at least as large as the entropy rate of the system. Conversely, in the case the symbol delays are exponentially distributed, we show an "almost" tight sufficient condition using a coding strategy that refines the estimate of the decoded message every time a new symbol is received. Our results generalize previous zero-payload event-triggering control strategies, revealing a fundamental limit in using timing information for stabilization, independent of any transmission strategy.      
