# ArXiv eess --Fri, 6 May 2022
### 1.Optimization of Mechanical Design Bladeless Wind Turbine for Electricity Fulfilment in Nusa Tenggara Timur, Indonesia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02786.pdf)
>  The current government's goal is the realization of an even distribution of the electrification ratio in Indonesia. However, in 2018 the electrification ratio in Nusa Tenggara Timur (NTT) only reached 62.07%. One of the solutions offered is the implementation of a Bladeless Wind Turbine (BWT). BWT is a type of wind power plant that can work optimally in areas with low wind speeds, 3 to 8 m/s, which is still above the NTT average wind speed, 2.3 m/s. This study aims to optimize the mechanical design of BWT with shape and size parameters based on the manipulation of the coefficient of friction through computational fluid dynamic simulations that can work optimally according to wind speed in NTT. In this study, 3 design variations were used, namely Initial Design, Modified Design 1, and Modified Design 2. Based on the research that has been done, MD2 has better results than MD1 and ID, and it can be said that MD2 can work optimally in wind speed areas. low. So MD2 is a mechanical design model that is very suitable to be applied in NTT and is expected to be a recommendation in making masts for BWT-based wind power plants in Indonesia.      
### 2.Stochastic Relative Degree and Path-wise Control of Nonlinear Stochastic Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02759.pdf)
>  We address the path-wise control of systems described by a set of nonlinear stochastic differential equations. For this class of systems, we introduce a notion of stochastic relative degree and a change of coordinates which transforms the dynamics to a stochastic normal form. The normal form is instrumental for the design of a state-feedback control which linearises and makes the dynamics deterministic. We observe that this control is idealistic, i.e. it is not practically implementable because it employs a feedback of the Brownian motion (which is never available) to cancel the noise. Using the idealistic control as a starting point, we introduce a hybrid control architecture which achieves \emph{practical} path-wise control. This hybrid controller uses measurements of the state to perform periodic compensations for the noise contribution to the dynamics. We prove that the hybrid controller retrieves the idealistic performances in the limit as the compensating period approaches zero. We address the problem of asymptotic output tracking, solving it in the idealistic and in the practical framework. We finally validate the theory by means of a numerical example.      
### 3.Region-to-region kernel interpolation of acoustic transfer function with directional weighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02750.pdf)
>  A method of interpolating the acoustic transfer function (ATF) between regions that takes into account both the physical properties of the ATF and the directionality of region configurations is proposed. Most spatial ATF interpolation methods are limited to estimation in the region of receivers. A kernel method for region-to-region ATF interpolation makes it possible to estimate the ATFs for both source and receiver regions from a discrete set of ATF measurements. We newly formulate the reproducing kernel Hilbert space and associated kernel function incorporating directional weight to enhance the interpolation accuracy. We also investigate hyperparameter optimization methods for this kernel function. Numerical experiments indicate that the proposed method outperforms the method without the use of directional weighting.      
### 4.Compressed AFM-IR hyperspectral nanoimaging of single Leishmania parasites  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02748.pdf)
>  Infrared hyperspectral imaging is a powerful approach in the field of materials and life sciences. However, the extension to modern sub-diffraction nanoimaging still remains a highly inefficient technique, as it acquires data via inherent sequential schemes. Here, we introduce the mathematical technique of low-rank matrix reconstruction to the sub-diffraction scheme of atomic force microscopy-based infrared spectroscopy (AFM-IR), for efficient hyperspectral infrared nanoimaging. To demonstrate its application potential, we chose the trypanosomatid unicellular parasites Leishmania species as a realistic target of biological importance. The mid-infrared spectral fingerprint window covering the spectral range from 1300 to 1900 cm$^{-1}$ was chosen and a step width of 220 nm was applied for nanoimaging of single parasites. Multivariate statistics approaches such as hierarchical cluster analysis (HCA) were used for extracting the chemically distinct spatial locations. Subsequently, we randomly selected only 5% from an originally gathered data cube of 134 (x) $\times$ 50 (y) $\times$ 148 (spectral) AFM-IR measurements and reconstructed the full data set by low-rank matrix recovery. The technique is evaluated by showing agreement in the cluster regions between full and reconstructed data cubes. We conclude that the corresponding measurement time of more than 14 hours can be reduced to less than 1 hour. These findings can significantly boost the practical applicability of hyperspectral nanoimaging in both academic and industrial settings involving nano- and bio-materials.      
### 5.Mode Reduction for Markov Jump Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02697.pdf)
>  Switched systems are capable of modeling processes with underlying dynamics that may change abruptly over time. To achieve accurate modeling in practice, one may need a large number of modes, but this may in turn increase the model complexity drastically. Existing work on reducing system complexity mainly considers state space reduction, yet reducing the number of modes is less studied. In this work, we consider Markov jump linear systems (MJSs), a special class of switched systems where the active mode switches according to a Markov chain, and several issues associated with its mode complexity. Specifically, inspired by clustering techniques from unsupervised learning, we are able to construct a reduced MJS with fewer modes that approximates well the original MJS under various metrics. Furthermore, both theoretically and empirically, we show how one can use the reduced MJS to analyze stability and design controllers with significant reduction in computational cost while achieving guaranteed accuracy.      
### 6.Temporally and Spatially variant-resolution illumination patterns in computational ghost imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02682.pdf)
>  Conventional computational ghost imaging (CGI) uses light carrying a sequence of patterns with uniform-resolution to illuminate the object, then performs correlation calculation based on the light intensity value reflected by the target and the preset patterns to obtain object image. It requires a large number of measurements to obtain high-quality images, especially if high-resolution images are to be obtained. To solve this problem, we developed temporally variable-resolution illumination patterns, replacing the conventional uniform-resolution illumination patterns with a sequence of patterns of different imaging resolutions. In addition, we propose to combine temporally variable-resolution illumination patterns and spatially variable-resolution structure to develop temporally and spatially variable-resolution (TSV) illumination patterns, which not only improve the imaging quality of the region of interest (ROI) but also improve the robustness to noise. The methods using proposed illumination patterns are verified by simulations and experiments compared with CGI. For the same number of measurements, the method using temporally variable-resolution illumination patterns has better imaging quality than CGI, but it is less robust to noise. The method using TSV illumination patterns has better imaging quality in ROI than the method using temporally variable-resolution illumination patterns and CGI under the same number of measurements. We also experimentally verify that the method using TSV patterns have better imaging performance when applied to higher resolution imaging. The proposed methods are expected to solve the current computational ghost imaging that is difficult to achieve high-resolution and high-quality imaging.      
### 7.Fast Reconstruction of Three-Quarter Sampling Measurements Using Recurrent Local Joint Sparse Deconvolution and Extrapolation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02646.pdf)
>  Recently, non-regular three-quarter sampling has shown to deliver an increased image quality of image sensors by using differently oriented L-shaped pixels compared to the same number of square pixels. A three-quarter sampling sensor can be understood as a conventional low-resolution sensor where one quadrant of each square pixel is opaque. Subsequent to the measurement, the data can be reconstructed on a regular grid with twice the resolution in both spatial dimensions using an appropriate reconstruction algorithm. For this reconstruction, local joint sparse deconvolution and extrapolation (L-JSDE) has shown to perform very well. As a disadvantage, L-JSDE requires long computation times of several dozen minutes per megapixel. In this paper, we propose a faster version of L-JSDE called recurrent L-JSDE (RL-JSDE) which is a reformulation of L-JSDE. For reasonable recurrent measurement patterns, RL-JSDE provides significant speedups on both CPU and GPU without sacrificing image quality. Compared to L-JSDE, 20-fold and 733-fold speedups are achieved on CPU and GPU, respectively.      
### 8.Model-Based Deep Learning: On the Intersection of Deep Learning and Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02640.pdf)
>  Decision making algorithms are used in a multitude of different applications. Conventional approaches for designing decision algorithms employ principled and simplified modelling, based on which one can determine decisions via tractable optimization. More recently, deep learning approaches that use highly parametric architectures tuned from data without relying on mathematical models, are becoming increasingly popular. Model-based optimization and data-centric deep learning are often considered to be distinct disciplines. Here, we characterize them as edges of a continuous spectrum varying in specificity and parameterization, and provide a tutorial-style presentation to the methodologies lying in the middle ground of this spectrum, referred to as model-based deep learning. We accompany our presentation with running examples in super-resolution and stochastic control, and show how they are expressed using the provided characterization and specialized in each of the detailed methodologies. The gains of combining model-based optimization and deep learning are demonstrated using experimental results in various applications, ranging from biomedical imaging to digital communications.      
### 9.Power Scaling Law for Optical IRSs and Comparison with Optical Relays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02558.pdf)
>  The line-of-sight (LOS) requirement of free-space optical (FSO) systems can be relaxed by employing optical relays and optical intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRSs). Unlike radio frequency (RF) IRSs, which typically exhibit a quadratic power scaling law, the power reflected from FSO IRSs and collected at the receiver lens may scale quadratically or linearly with the IRS size or may even saturate at a constant value. We analyze the power scaling law for optical IRSs and unveil its dependence on the wavelength, transmitter (Tx)-to-IRS and IRS-to-receiver (Rx) distances, beam waist, and lens size. We compare optical IRSs in different power scaling regimes with optical relays in terms of the outage probability, diversity and coding gains, and optimal placement. Our results show that, at the expense of a higher hardware complexity, relay-assisted FSO links yield a better outage performance at high signal-to-noise-ratios (SNRs), but optical IRSs can achieve a higher performance at low SNRs. Moreover, while it is optimal to place relays equidistant from Tx and Rx, the optimal location of IRSs depends on the power scaling regime they operate in.      
### 10.On inherent robustness and performance limitations of a class of prescribed-time algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02528.pdf)
>  Prescribed-time algorithms based on time-varying gains have remarkable properties, such as finite-time regulation in a time prescribed by the user, that is the same for every nonzero initial condition, and that holds even under matched disturbances. However, at the same time, prescribed-time algorithms are also known to lack robustness to measurement noise. In this note, it is shown that in the non-scalar case the lack of robustness of some prescribed-time algorithms is of an extreme form. Specifically, arbitrarily small measurement noise can cause considerable deviations, divergence, and other detrimental consequences.      
### 11.Secure Communication in Multifunctional Active Intelligent Reflection Surface-assisted Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02512.pdf)
>  In this paper, the secure performance of multiuser multiple-input single-output wireless communications systems assisted by a multifunctional active intelligent reflection surface (IRS) is investigated. The active IRS can simultaneously reflect and amplify the incident signals and emit artificial noise to combat potential wiretapping. We minimize the total system power consumption by designing the phase, amplitude, and IRS mode selection of the active IRS elements, as well as the precoder and artificial noise vector of the base station (BS). The design is formulated as a non-convex optimization problem guaranteeing communication security. To tackle the problem, this paper proposes an iterative alternating algorithm to obtain an effective sub-optimal solution. The simulation results show that the proposed scheme offers superior secure performance over all the considered baseline schemes, especially when the number of eavesdropper antennas is more than that of the BS.      
### 12.PMBM-based SLAM Filters in 5G mmWave Vehicular Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02502.pdf)
>  Radio-based vehicular simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) aims to localize vehicles while mapping the landmarks in the environment. We propose a sequence of three Poisson multi-Bernoulli mixture (PMBM) based SLAM filters, which handle the entire SLAM problem in a theoretically optimal manner. The complexity of the three proposed SLAM filters is progressively reduced while sustaining high accuracy by deriving SLAM density approximation with the marginalization of nuisance parameters (either vehicle state or data association). Firstly, the PMBM SLAM filter serves as the foundation, for which we provide the first complete description based on a Rao-Blackwellized particle filter. Secondly, the Poisson multi-Bernoulli (PMB) SLAM filter is based on the standard reduction from PMBM to PMB, but involves a novel interpretation based on auxiliary variables and a relation to Bethe free energy. Finally, using the same auxiliary variable argument, we derive a marginalized PMB SLAM filter, which avoids particles and is instead implemented with a low-complexity cubature Kalman filter. We evaluate the three proposed SLAM filters in comparison with the probability hypothesis density (PHD) SLAM filter in 5G mmWave vehicular networks and show the computation-performance trade-off between them.      
### 13.TomoSAR-ALISTA: Efficient TomoSAR Imaging via Deep Unfolded Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02445.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) tomography (TomoSAR) has attracted remarkable interest for its ability in achieving three-dimensional reconstruction along the elevation direction from multiple observations. In recent years, compressed sensing (CS) technique has been introduced into TomoSAR considering for its super-resolution ability with limited samples. Whereas, the CS-based methods suffer from several drawbacks, including weak noise resistance, high computational complexity and complex parameter fine-tuning. Among the different CS algorithms, iterative soft-thresholding algorithm (ISTA) is widely used as a robust reconstruction approach, however, the parameters in the ISTA algorithm are manually chosen, which usually requires a time-consuming fine-tuning process to achieve the best performance. Aiming at efficient TomoSAR imaging, a novel sparse unfolding network named analytic learned ISTA (ALISTA) is proposed towards the TomoSAR imaging problem in this paper, and the key parameters of ISTA are learned from training data via deep learning to avoid complex parameter fine-tuning and significantly relieves the training burden. In addition, experiments verify that it is feasible to use traditional CS algorithms as training labels, which provides a tangible supervised training method to achieve better 3D reconstruction performance even in the absence of labeled data in real applications.      
### 14.Supervisor Obfuscation Against Covert Actuator Attackers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02383.pdf)
>  This work investigates the problem of synthesizing obfuscated supervisors against covert actuator attackers. For a non-resilient supervisor S, for which there exist some covert actuator attackers that are capable of inflicting damage, we propose an algorithm to compute all the obfuscated supervisors, with the requirements that: 1) any obfuscated supervisor S' is resilient against any covert actuator attacker, and 2) the original closed-behavior of the closed-loop system under S is preserved, that is, any obfuscated supervisor S' is control equivalent to the original non-resilient supervisor S. We prove that the designed algorithm to synthesize obfuscated supervisors against covert actuator attack is sound and complete.      
### 15.Antenna Designs for Recent Millimeter and THz Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02816.pdf)
>  Over the previous few years, the millimetre wave frequency range and sub-THz range have been received a lot of attention as they include unused frequency spectrum resources that are appropriate for providing a lot of applications such as automotive radars, short communication, medical imaging, security, and 5G communications to provide end-user access to Multi-Gbit/s services. On the other hand and because of the restrictions on the communication systems in these ranges such as power, path losses, and attenuation, the present RF antennas can't be used for millimeter and THz applications. The needed antennas should have low-profile, high-gain, acceptable technology, high efficiency and low cost to compensate for these ranges restrictions. Although there are some antenna designs for millimeter and sub THz ranges through the last decay, the antenna designs in these ranges still under investigation and studies to complete the vision of the proposed designs for the aforementioned applications. Thus, they cannot be carried by the optimum response and efficiency for these applications. This thesis aims to introduce a comprehensive study of the main applications that occupy these ranges of frequencies. In addition to introducing efficient antennas for each application with acceptable technology for it.      
### 16.Quantitative Measures for Integrating Resilience Assessment into Transportation Planning Practice: Study of the State of Texas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02758.pdf)
>  The objective of this study is to propose a system-level framework with quantitative measures to assess the resilience of road networks. The framework proposed in this paper can help transportation agencies incorporate resilience considerations into planning and project development proactively and to understand the resilience performance of the current road networks effectively. This study identified and implemented four quantitative metrics to classify the criticality of road segments based on critical dimensions of the resilience of road networks, and two integrated metrics were proposed to combine all metrics to show the overall performance of road segments in terms of resilience. A case study was conducted on the Texas road networks to demonstrate the effectiveness of implementing this framework in a practical scenario. Since the data used in this study is available to other states and countries, the framework presented in this study can be adopted by other transportation agencies across the globe for regional transportation resilience assessments.      
### 17.Sparse Large-Scale Fading Decoding in Cell-Free Massive MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02733.pdf)
>  Cell-free massive multiple-input multiple-output (CF mMIMO) systems are characterized by having many more access points (APs) than user equipments (UEs). A key challenge is to determine which APs should serve which UEs. Previous work has tackled this combinatorial problem heuristically. This paper proposes a sparse large-scale fading decoding (LSFD) design for CF mMIMO to jointly optimize the association and LSFD. We formulate a group sparsity problem and then solve it using a proximal algorithm with block-coordinate descent. Numerical results show that sparse LSFD achieves almost the same spectral efficiency as optimal LSFD, thus achieving a higher energy efficiency since the processing and signaling are reduced.      
### 18.State Estimation Methods for Continuous-Discrete Nonlinear Systems involving Stochastic Differential Equations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02730.pdf)
>  In this work, we present methods for state estimation in continuous-discrete nonlinear systems involving stochastic differential equations. We present the extended Kalman filter, the unscented Kalman filter, the ensemble Kalman filter, and a particle filter. We implement the state estimation methods in Matlab. We evaluate the performance of the methods on a simulation of the modified four-tank system. We implement the state estimation methods for non-stiff systems, i.e., using an explicit numerical integration scheme. The implementation of the extended Kalman filter utilises the Joseph stabilising form for numerical stability. We evaluate the accuracy of the state estimation methods in terms of the mean absolute percentage error over the simulation horizon. We show that each method successfully estimates the states and unmeasured disturbances of the simulated modified four-tank system. Finally, we present conclusions.      
### 19.Sound Event Classification in an Industrial Environment: Pipe Leakage Detection Use Case  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02706.pdf)
>  In this work, a multi-stage Machine Learning (ML) pipeline is proposed for pipe leakage detection in an industrial environment. As opposed to other industrial and urban environments, the environment under study includes many interfering background noises, complicating the identification of leaks. Furthermore, the harsh environmental conditions limit the amount of data collected and impose the use of low-complexity algorithms. To address the environment's constraints, the developed ML pipeline applies multiple steps, each addressing the environment's challenges. The proposed ML pipeline first reduces the data dimensionality by feature selection techniques and then incorporates time correlations by extracting time-based features. The resultant features are fed to a Support Vector Machine (SVM) of low-complexity that generalizes well to a small amount of data. An extensive experimental procedure was carried out on two datasets, one with background industrial noise and one without, to evaluate the validity of the proposed pipeline. The SVM hyper-parameters and parameters specific to the pipeline steps were tuned as part of the experimental procedure. The best models obtained from the dataset with industrial noise and leaks were applied to datasets without noise and with and without leaks to test their generalizability. The results show that the model produces excellent results with 99\% accuracy and an F1-score of 0.93 and 0.9 for the respective datasets.      
### 20.Quantifying Language Variation Acoustically with Few Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02694.pdf)
>  Deep acoustic models represent linguistic information based on massive amounts of data. Unfortunately, for regional languages and dialects such resources are mostly not available. However, deep acoustic models might have learned linguistic information that transfers to low-resource languages. In this study, we evaluate whether this is the case through the task of distinguishing low-resource (Dutch) regional varieties. By extracting embeddings from the hidden layers of various wav2vec 2.0 models (including new models which are pre-trained and/or fine-tuned on Dutch) and using dynamic time warping, we compute pairwise pronunciation differences averaged over 10 words for over 100 individual dialects from four (regional) languages. We then cluster the resulting difference matrix in four groups and compare these to a gold standard, and a partitioning on the basis of comparing phonetic transcriptions. Our results show that acoustic models outperform the (traditional) transcription-based approach without requiring phonetic transcriptions, with the best performance achieved by the multilingual XLSR-53 model fine-tuned on Dutch. On the basis of only six seconds of speech, the resulting clustering closely matches the gold standard.      
### 21.Low-complexity Beam Selection algorithms based on SVD for MmWave Massive MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02683.pdf)
>  To realize mmWave massive MIMO systems in practice, Beamspace MIMO with beam selection provides an attractive solution at a considerably reduced number of radio frequency (RF) chains. We propose low-complexity beam selection algorithms based on singular value decomposition (SVD). We first diagonalize the channel matrix by SVD, and the appropriate beams are selected one-by-one in a decremental or incremental order based on the criterion of sum-rate maximization. To reduce the complexity of the proposed algorithms significantly, we make use of SVD in the last iteration to aviod SVD from scratch again. Meanwhile, our proposed algorithms naturally obtain the precoding matrix, which can eliminate the multiusers interference. Simulation results demonstrate that our proposed algorithms can outperform the competing algorithms, including the fully digital zero-precoding.      
### 22.A Market for Trading Forecasts: A Wagering Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02668.pdf)
>  The ever-increasing interest in the collection of data by advancing technical and social sectors makes it distributed in terms of ownership. Also, the diverse expertise of these owners results in the extraction of varying quality of predictive information. Thus, the platforms for pooling forecasts based on distributed data and heterogeneous predictive skills allow gaining a collective value for a prediction task. For this purpose, we design a wagering-based forecast elicitation market platform, where a buyer intending to improve their forecasts posts a prediction task, and sellers respond to it with their forecast reports and wagers. This market delivers an aggregated forecast to the buyer (pre-event) and allocates a payoff to the sellers (post-event) for their contribution. We propose a payoff mechanism and prove that it satisfies several desirable economic properties, including those specific to electronic platforms. Furthermore, we discuss the properties of the scoring rules that allow us to provide ex-ante theoretical support for showing that the quantile averaging produces higher-quality aggregate forecasts in terms of scores, compared to the widely used linear pooling methods. Finally, we provide numerical examples to illustrate the structure and properties of the proposed market platform.      
### 23.Heterogeneous Semantic and Bit Communications: A Semi-NOMA Scheme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02620.pdf)
>  Multiple access (MA) design is investigated for facilitating the coexistence of the emerging semantic transmission and the conventional bit-based transmission in future networks. The semantic rate is considered for measuring the performance of the semantic transmission. However, a key challenge is that there is a lack of a closed-form expression for a key parameter, namely the semantic similarity, which characterizes the sentence similarity between an original sentence and the corresponding recovered sentence. To overcome this challenge, we propose a data regression method, where the semantic similarity is approximated by a generalized logistic function. Using the obtained tractable function, we propose a heterogeneous semantic and bit communication framework, where an access point simultaneously sends the semantic and bit streams to one semantics-interested user (S-user) and one bit-interested user (B-user). To realize this heterogeneous semantic and bit transmission in multi-user networks, three MA schemes are proposed, namely orthogonal multiple access (OMA), non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA), and semi-NOMA. More specifically, the bit stream in semi-NOMA is split into two streams, one is transmitted with the semantic stream over the shared frequency sub-band and the other is transmitted over the separate orthogonal frequency sub-band. To study the fundamental performance limits of the three proposed MA schemes, the semantic-versus-bit (SvB) rate region and the power region are defined. An optimal resource allocation procedure is then derived for characterizing the boundary of the SvB rate region and the power region achieved by each MA scheme. The structures of the derived solutions demonstrate that semi-NOMA is superior to both NOMA and OMA given its highly flexible transmission policy. Our numerical results validate the analysis and show the superiority of semi-NOMA.      
### 24.RF Interference in Lens-Based Massive MIMO Systems -- An Application Note  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02607.pdf)
>  We analyze the uplink radio frequency (RF) interference from a multiplicity of single-antenna user equipments transmitting to a cellular base station (BS) within the same time-frequency resource. The BS is assumed to operate with a lens antenna array, which induces additional focusing gain for the incoming signals. Considering line-of-sight propagation conditions, we characterize the multiuser RF interference properties via approximation of the mainlobe interference as well as the effective interferer probability. The results derived in this application note are foundational to more general multiuser interference analysis across different propagation conditions, which we present in a follow up paper.      
### 25.Biologically inspired deep residual networks for computer vision applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02551.pdf)
>  Deep neural network has been ensured as a key technology in the field of many challenging and vigorously researched computer vision tasks. Furthermore, classical ResNet is thought to be a state-of-the-art convolutional neural network (CNN) and was observed to capture features which can have good generalization ability. In this work, we propose a biologically inspired deep residual neural network where the hexagonal convolutions are introduced along the skip connections. The performance of different ResNet variants using square and hexagonal convolution are evaluated with the competitive training strategy mentioned by [1]. We show that the proposed approach advances the baseline image classification accuracy of vanilla ResNet architectures on CIFAR-10 and the same was observed over multiple subsets of the ImageNet 2012 dataset. We observed an average improvement by 1.35% and 0.48% on baseline top-1 accuracies for ImageNet 2012 and CIFAR-10, respectively. The proposed biologically inspired deep residual networks were observed to have improved generalized performance and this could be a potential research direction to improve the discriminative ability of state-of-the-art image classification networks.      
### 26.Rate-Splitting Multiple Access for 6G -- Part I: Principles, Applications and Future Works  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02548.pdf)
>  This letter is the first part of a three-part tutorial focusing on rate-splitting multiple access (RSMA) for $\mathbf{6}$G. As Part I of the tutorial, the letter presents the basics of RSMA and its applications in light of $\mathbf{6}$G. To begin with, we first delineate the design principle and basic transmission frameworks of downlink and uplink RSMA. We then illustrate the applications of RSMA for addressing the challenges of various potential enabling technologies and use cases, consequently making it a promising next generation multiple access (NGMA) scheme for future networks such as $\mathbf{6}$G and beyond. We briefly discuss the challenges of RSMA and conclude the letter. In continuation of Part I, we will focus on the interplay of RSMA with integrated sensing and communication, and reconfigurable intelligent surfaces, respectively in Part II and Part III of this tutorial.      
### 27.Near-Field Wideband Extremely Large-scale MIMO Transmission with Holographic Metasurface Antennas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02533.pdf)
>  Extremely large-scale multiple-input multiple-output (XL-MIMO) is the development trend of future wireless communications. However, the extremely large-scale antenna array could bring inevitable nearfield and dual-wideband effects that seriously reduce the transmission performance. This paper proposes an algorithmic framework to design the beam combining for the near-field wideband XL-MIMO uplink transmissions assisted by holographic metasurface antennas (HMAs). Firstly, we introduce a spherical-wave-based channel model that simultaneously takes into account both the near-field and dual-wideband effects. Based on such a model, we then formulate the HMA-based beam combining problem for the proposed XL-MIMO communications, which is challenging due to the nonlinear coupling of high dimensional HMA weights and baseband combiners. We further present a sum-mean-square-error-minimization-based algorithmic framework. Numerical results showcase that the proposed scheme can effectively alleviate the sum-rate loss caused by the near-field and dual-wideband effects in HMA-assisted XL-MIMO systems. Meanwhile, the proposed HMA-based scheme can achieve a higher sum rate than the conventional phase-shifter-based hybrid analog/digital one with the same array aperture.      
### 28.M2R2: Missing-Modality Robust emotion Recognition framework with iterative data augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02524.pdf)
>  This paper deals with the utterance-level modalities missing problem with uncertain patterns on emotion recognition in conversation (ERC) task. Present models generally predict the speaker's emotions by its current utterance and context, which is degraded by modality missing considerably. Our work proposes a framework Missing-Modality Robust emotion Recognition (M2R2), which trains emotion recognition model with iterative data augmentation by learned common representation. Firstly, a network called Party Attentive Network (PANet) is designed to classify emotions, which tracks all the speakers' states and context. Attention mechanism between speaker with other participants and dialogue topic is used to decentralize dependence on multi-time and multi-party utterances instead of the possible incomplete one. Moreover, the Common Representation Learning (CRL) problem is defined for modality-missing problem. Data imputation methods improved by the adversarial strategy are used here to construct extra features to augment data. Extensive experiments and case studies validate the effectiveness of our methods over baselines for modality-missing emotion recognition on two different datasets.      
### 29.Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Meet Reflective Intelligent Surfaces to Improve Coverage and Secrecy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02506.pdf)
>  The high configurability and low cost of Reflective Intelligent Surfaces (RISs) made them a promising solution for enhancing the capabilities of Beyond Fifth-Generation (B5G) networks. Recent works proposed to mount RISs on Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), combining the high network configurability provided by RIS with the mobility brought by UAVs. However, the RIS represents an additional weight that impacts the battery lifetime of the UAV. Furthermore, the practicality of the resulting link in terms of communication channel quality and security have not been assessed in detail. In this paper, we highlight all the essential features that need to be considered for the practical deployment of RIS-enabled UAVs. We are the first to show how the RIS size and its power consumption impact the UAV flight time. We then assess how the RIS size, carrier frequency, and UAV flying altitude affects the path loss. Lastly, we propose a novel particle swarm-based approach to maximize coverage and improve the confidentiality of transmissions in a cellular scenario with the support of RISs carried by UAVs.      
### 30.Speaker Recognition in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02475.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a pipeline to find the number of speakers, as well as audios belonging to each of these now identified speakers in a source of audio data where number of speakers or speaker labels are not known a priori. We used this approach as a part of our Data Preparation pipeline for Speech Recognition in Indic Languages (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Open-Speech-EkStep/vakyansh-wav2vec2-experimentation" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). To understand and evaluate the accuracy of our proposed pipeline, we introduce two metrics: Cluster Purity, and Cluster Uniqueness. Cluster Purity quantifies how "pure" a cluster is. Cluster Uniqueness, on the other hand, quantifies what percentage of clusters belong only to a single dominant speaker. We discuss more on these metrics in section \ref{sec:metrics}. Since we develop this utility to aid us in identifying data based on speaker IDs before training an Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) model, and since most of this data takes considerable effort to scrape, we also conclude that 98\% of data gets mapped to the top 80\% of clusters (computed by removing any clusters with less than a fixed number of utterances -- we do this to get rid of some very small clusters and use this threshold as 30), in the test set chosen.      
### 31.Rate-Splitting Multiple Access for 6G -- Part II: Interplay with Integrated Sensing and Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02462.pdf)
>  This letter is the second part of a three-part tutorial focusing on rate-splitting multiple access (RSMA) for 6G. As Part II of the tutorial, this letter addresses the interplay between RSMA and integrated radar sensing and communications (ISAC). In particular, we introduce a general RSMAassisted ISAC architecture, where the ISAC platform has a dual capability to simultaneously communicate with downlink users and probe detection signals to a moving target. Then, the metrics of radar sensing and communications are respectively introduced, followed by a RSMA-assisted ISAC waveform design example which jointly minimizes the Cramer-Rao bound (CRB) of target estimation and maximizes the minimum fairness rate (MFR) amongst communication users subject to the per-antenna power constraint. The superiority of RSMA-assisted ISAC is verifed through simulation results in both terrestrial and satellite scenarios. RSMA is demonstrated to be a powerful multiple access and interference management strategy for ISAC, and provides a better communication-sensing trade-off compared with the conventional benchmark strategies. Consequently, RSMA is a promising technology for next generation multiple access (NGMA) and future networks such as 6G and beyond.      
### 32.Cross-modal Contrastive Learning for Speech Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02444.pdf)
>  How can we learn unified representations for spoken utterances and their written text? Learning similar representations for semantically similar speech and text is important for speech translation. To this end, we propose ConST, a cross-modal contrastive learning method for end-to-end speech-to-text translation. We evaluate ConST and a variety of previous baselines on a popular benchmark MuST-C. Experiments show that the proposed ConST consistently outperforms the previous methods on, and achieves an average BLEU of 29.4. The analysis further verifies that ConST indeed closes the representation gap of different modalities -- its learned representation improves the accuracy of cross-modal speech-text retrieval from 4% to 88%. Code and models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ReneeYe/ConST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 33.Ultra-Reliable Distributed Cloud Network Control with End-to-End Latency Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02427.pdf)
>  We are entering a rapidly unfolding future driven by the delivery of real-time computation services, such as industrial automation and augmented reality, collectively referred to as AgI services, over highly distributed cloud/edge computing networks. The interaction intensive nature of AgI services is accelerating the need for networking solutions that provide strict latency guarantees. In contrast to most existing studies that can only characterize average delay performance, we focus on the critical goal of delivering AgI services ahead of corresponding deadlines on a per-packet basis, while minimizing overall cloud network operational cost. To this end, we design a novel queuing system able to track data packets' lifetime and formalize the delay-constrained least-cost dynamic network control problem. To address this challenging problem, we first study the setting with average capacity (or resource budget) constraints, for which we characterize the delay-constrained stability region and design a near-optimal control policy leveraging Lyapunov optimization theory on an equivalent virtual network. Guided by the same principle, we tackle the peak capacity constrained scenario by developing the reliable cloud network control (RCNC) algorithm, which employs a two-way optimization method to make actual and virtual network flow solutions converge in an iterative manner. Extensive numerical results show the superior performance of the proposed control policy compared with the state-of-the-art cloud network control algorithm, and the value of guaranteeing strict end-to-end deadlines for the delivery of next-generation AgI services.      
### 34.Cooperative Reflection and Synchronization Design for Distributed Multiple-RIS Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02426.pdf)
>  To reap the promised gain achieved by distributed reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs)-enhanced communications in a wireless network, timing synchronization among these metasurfaces is an essential prerequisite in practice. This paper proposes a unified framework for the joint estimation of the unknown timing offsets and the RIS channel parameters, as well as the design of cooperative reflection and synchronization algorithm for the distributed multiple-RIS communication. Considering that RIS is usually a passive device with limited capability of signal processing, the individual timing offset and channel gains of each hop of the RIS links cannot be directly estimated. To make the estimation tractable, we propose to estimate the cascaded channels and timing offsets jointly by deriving a maximum likelihood estimator. Furthermore, we theoretically characterize the Cramer-Rao lower bound (CRLB) to evaluate the accuracy of this estimator. By using the proposed estimator and the derived CRLBs, an efficient resynchronization algorithm is devised jointly at the RISs and the destination to compensate the multiple timing offsets. Based on the majorization-minimization framework, the proposed algorithm admits semi-closed and closed form solutions for the RIS reflection matrices and the timing offset equalizer, respectively. Simulation results verify that our theoretical analysis well matches the numerical tests and validate the effectiveness of the proposed resynchronization algorithm.      
### 35.Channel-Adaptive Wireless Image Transmission with OFDM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02417.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based channel-adaptive joint source and channel coding (CA-JSCC) scheme for wireless image transmission over multipath fading channels. The proposed method is an end-to-end autoencoder architecture with a dual-attention mechanism employing orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) transmission. Unlike the previous works, our approach is adaptive to channel-gain and noise-power variations by exploiting the estimated channel state information (CSI). Specifically, with the proposed dual-attention mechanism, our model can learn to map the features and allocate transmission-power resources judiciously based on the estimated CSI. Extensive numerical experiments verify that CA-JSCC achieves state-of-the-art performance among existing JSCC schemes. In addition, CA-JSCC is robust to varying channel conditions and can better exploit the limited channel resources by transmitting critical features over better subchannels.      
### 36.Compressive Ptychography using Deep Image and Generative Priors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02397.pdf)
>  Ptychography is a well-established coherent diffraction imaging technique that enables non-invasive imaging of samples at a nanometer scale. It has been extensively used in various areas such as the defense industry or materials science. One major limitation of ptychography is the long data acquisition time due to mechanical scanning of the sample; therefore, approaches to reduce the scan points are highly desired. However, reconstructions with less number of scan points lead to imaging artifacts and significant distortions, hindering a quantitative evaluation of the results. To address this bottleneck, we propose a generative model combining deep image priors with deep generative priors. The self-training approach optimizes the deep generative neural network to create a solution for a given dataset. We complement our approach with a prior acquired from a previously trained discriminator network to avoid a possible divergence from the desired output caused by the noise in the measurements. We also suggest using the total variation as a complementary before combat artifacts due to measurement noise. We analyze our approach with numerical experiments through different probe overlap percentages and varying noise levels. We also demonstrate improved reconstruction accuracy compared to the state-of-the-art method and discuss the advantages and disadvantages of our approach.      
### 37.Uncertainty-Based Non-Parametric Active Peak Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02376.pdf)
>  Active, non-parametric peak detection is considered. As a use case, active source localization is examined and an uncertainty-based sampling scheme algorithm to effectively localize the peak from a few energy measurements is designed. It is shown that under very mild conditions, the source localization error with $m$ actively chosen energy measurements scales as $O(\log^2 m/m)$. Numerically, it is shown that in low-sample regimes, the proposed method enjoys superior performance on several types of data and outperforms the state-of-the-art passive source localization approaches and in the low sample regime, can outperform greedy methods as well.      
### 38.Response Component Analysis for Sea State Estimation Using Artificial Neural Networks and Vessel Response Spectral Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02375.pdf)
>  The use of the `ship as a wave buoy analogy' (SAWB) provides a novel means to estimate sea states, where relationships are established between causal wave properties and vessel motion response information. This study focuses on a model-free machine learning approach to SAWB-based sea state estimation (SSE), using neural networks (NNs) to map vessel response spectral data to statistical wave properties. <br>Results showed a strong correlation between heave responses and significant wave height estimates, whilst the accuracy of mean wave period and wave heading predictions were observed to improve considerably when data from multiple vessel degrees of freedom (DOFs) was utilized. Overall, 3-DOF (heave, pitch and roll) NNs for SSE were shown to perform well when compared to existing SSE approaches that use similar simulation setups. Given the information-dense statistical representation of vessel motion responses in spectral form, as well as the ability of NNs to effectively model complex relationships between variables, the designed SSE method shows promise for future adaptation to mobile SSE systems using the SAWB approach.      
### 39.Acceleration Strategies for MR-STAT: Achieving High-Resolution Reconstructions on a Desktop PC within 3 minutes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02335.pdf)
>  MR-STAT is an emerging quantitative magnetic resonance imaging technique which aims at obtaining multi-parametric tissue parameter maps from single short scans. It describes the relationship between the spatial-domain tissue parameters and the time-domain measured signal by using a comprehensive, volumetric forward model. The MR-STAT reconstruction solves a large-scale nonlinear problem, thus is very computationally challenging. In previous work, MR-STAT reconstruction using Cartesian readout data was accelerated by approximating the Hessian matrix with sparse, banded blocks, and can be done on high performance CPU clusters with tens of minutes. In the current work, we propose an accelerated Cartesian MR-STAT algorithm incorporating two different strategies: firstly, a neural network is trained as a fast surrogate to learn the magnetization signal not only in the full time-domain but also in the compressed lowrank domain; secondly, based on the surrogate model, the Cartesian MR-STAT problem is re-formulated and split into smaller sub-problems by the alternating direction method of multipliers. The proposed method substantially reduces the computational requirements for runtime and memory. Simulated and in-vivo balanced MR-STAT experiments show similar reconstruction results using the proposed algorithm compared to the previous sparse Hessian method, and the reconstruction times are at least 40 times shorter. Incorporating sensitivity encoding and regularization terms is straightforward, and allows for better image quality with a negligible increase in reconstruction time. The proposed algorithm could reconstruct both balanced and gradient-spoiled in-vivo data within 3 minutes on a desktop PC, and could thereby facilitate the translation of MR-STAT in clinical settings.      
### 40.Safe Bayesian Optimization using Interior-Point Methods -- Applied to Personalized Insulin Dose Guidance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02327.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of Bayesian optimization for systems with safety-critical constraints, where both the objective function and the constraints are unknown, but can be observed by querying the system. In safety-critical applications, querying the system at an infeasible point can have catastrophic consequences. Such systems require a safe learning framework, such that the performance objective can be optimized while satisfying the safety-critical constraints with high probability. In this paper we propose a safe Bayesian optimization framework that ensures that the points queried are always in the interior of the partially revealed safe region, thereby guaranteeing constraint satisfaction with high probability. The proposed interior-point Bayesian optimization framework can be used with any acquisition function, making it broadly applicable. The performance of the proposed method is demonstrated using a personalized insulin dosing application for patients with type 1 diabetes.      
### 41.DeepBayes -- an estimator for parameter estimation in stochastic nonlinear dynamical models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.02264.pdf)
>  Stochastic nonlinear dynamical systems are ubiquitous in modern, real-world applications. Yet, estimating the unknown parameters of stochastic, nonlinear dynamical models remains a challenging problem. The majority of existing methods employ maximum likelihood or Bayesian estimation. However, these methods suffer from some limitations, most notably the substantial computational time for inference coupled with limited flexibility in application. In this work, we propose DeepBayes estimators that leverage the power of deep recurrent neural networks in learning an estimator. The method consists of first training a recurrent neural network to minimize the mean-squared estimation error over a set of synthetically generated data using models drawn from the model set of interest. The a priori trained estimator can then be used directly for inference by evaluating the network with the estimation data. The deep recurrent neural network architectures can be trained offline and ensure significant time savings during inference. We experiment with two popular recurrent neural networks -- long short term memory network (LSTM) and gated recurrent unit (GRU). We demonstrate the applicability of our proposed method on different example models and perform detailed comparisons with state-of-the-art approaches. We also provide a study on a real-world nonlinear benchmark problem. The experimental evaluations show that the proposed approach is asymptotically as good as the Bayes estimator.      
