# ArXiv eess --Tue, 24 May 2022
### 1.Federated Distillation based Indoor Localization for IoT Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11440.pdf)
>  Federated distillation (FD) paradigm has been recently proposed as a promising alternative to federated learning (FL) especially in wireless sensor networks with limited communication resources. However, all state-of-the art FD algorithms are designed for only classification tasks and less attention has been given to regression tasks. In this work, we propose an FD framework that properly operates on regression learning problems. Afterwards, we present a use-case implementation by proposing an indoor localization system that shows a good trade-off communication load vs. accuracy compared to federated learning (FL) based indoor localization. With our proposed framework, we reduce the number of transmitted bits by up to 98%. Moreover, we show that the proposed framework is much more scalable than FL, thus more likely to cope with the expansion of wireless networks.      
### 2.Spreading Factor and RSSI for Localization in LoRa Networks: A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11428.pdf)
>  Recent advancements in Internet of Things (IoT) technologies have resulted in a tightening of requirements from various applications including localization in LoRa networks. To address the growing demand for LoRaWAN-powered IoT location-based services, accurate localization solutions are more crucial than ever. As such, in this work, we develop an accurate deep neural network based localization framework over a LoRa network by proposing a novel approach that builds the network radio map with the combination of RSSI recordings and the spreading factors (SF) used by LoRa devices during the transmissions. Then, we validate our framework using a publicly available experimental dataset recorded in an urban LoRa network. The performance evaluation shows the prominence of adding the spreading factor as an additional fingerprint, since we can achieve, by our approach, an improvement in localization accuracy by up to 6.67% compared to the state-of-the-art methods which employ uniquely the RSSI fingerprints. Additionally, we provide an analysis of the impact of the SF on the localization performance which reveals that the localization accuracy relies on the SF used for position request. Finally, we propose a deep reinforcement learning based localization system to capture the ever-growing complexity of LoRa networks environment and cope with the scalability issue in LoRa enabled massive IoT, and the results show an improvement of 63.3% in terms of accuracy.      
### 3.Signal Restoration and Channel Estimation for Channel Sounding with SDRs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11414.pdf)
>  In this paper, the task of channel sounding using software defined radios (SDRs) is considered. In contrast to classical channel sounding equipment, SDRs are general purpose devices and require additional steps to be implemented when employed for this task. On top of this, SDRs may exhibit quirks causing signal artefacts that obstruct the effective collection of channel estimation data. Based on these considerations, in this work, a practical algorithm is devised to compensate for the drawbacks of using SDRs for channel sounding encountered in a concrete setup. The proposed approach utilises concepts from time series and Fourier analysis and comprises a signal restoration routine for mitigating artefacts within the recorded signals and an encompassing channel sounding process. The efficacy of the algorithm is evaluated on real measurements generated within the given setup. The empirical results show that the proposed method is able to counteract the shortcomings of the equipment and deliver reasonable channel estimates.      
### 4.Model Predictive Control of Non-Holonomic Vehicles: Beyond Differential-Drive  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11400.pdf)
>  Non-holonomic vehicles are of immense practical value and increasingly subject to automation. However, controlling them accurately, e.g., when parking, is known to be challenging for automatic control methods, including model predictive control (MPC). Combining results from MPC theory and sub-Riemannian geometry in the form of homogeneous nilpotent system approximations, this paper proposes a comprehensive, ready-to-apply design procedure for MPC controllers to steer controllable, driftless non-holonomic vehicles into given setpoints. It can be ascertained that the resulting controllers nominally asymptotically stabilize the setpoint for a large-enough prediction horizon. The design procedure is exemplarily applied to four vehicles, including the kinematic car and a differentially driven mobile robot with up to two trailers. The controllers use a non-quadratic cost function tailored to the non-holonomic kinematics. Novelly, for the considered example vehicles, it is proven that a quadratic cost employed in an otherwise similar controller is insufficient to reliably asymptotically stabilize the closed loop. Since quadratic costs are the conventional choice in control, this highlights the relevance of the findings. To the knowledge of the authors, it is the first time that MPC controllers of the proposed structure are applied to non-holonomic vehicles beyond very simple ones, in particular (partly) on hardware.      
### 5.Beam Squint Assisted User Localization in Near-Field Communications Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11392.pdf)
>  The beam squint phenomenon in massive multi-input and multi-output wideband communications has been widely concerned recently, which generally deteriorates the beamforming performance. In this paper, we find that with the aid of the time-delay lines (TDs), the range and trajectory of the beam squint of a near-field communications system can be freely controlled, and hence it is possible to reversely utilize the beam squint for user localization. We derive the trajectory equation for near-field beam squint points and design a way to control the trajectory of these beam squint points. With the proposed design, beamforming from different subcarriers would purposely point to different angles and different distances such that users from different positions would receive the maximum power at different subcarriers. Hence, one can simply find the different users' position from the beam squint effect. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme.      
### 6.Learned Digital Back-Propagation for Dual-Polarization Dispersion Managed Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11376.pdf)
>  Digital back-propagation (DBP) and learned DBP (LDBP) are proposed for nonlinearity mitigation in WDM dual-polarization dispersion-managed systems. LDBP achieves Q-factor improvement of 1.8 dB and 1.2 dB, respectively, over linear equalization and a variant of DBP adapted to DM systems.      
### 7.User Clustering for Rate Splitting using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11373.pdf)
>  Hierarchical Rate Splitting (HRS) schemes proposed in recent years have shown to provide significant improvements in exploiting spatial diversity in wireless networks and provide high throughput for all users while minimising interference among them. Hence, one of the major challenges for such HRS schemes is the necessity to know the optimal clustering of these users based only on their Channel State Information (CSI). This clustering problem is known to be NP hard and, to deal with the unmanageable complexity of finding an optimal solution, in this work a scalable and much lighter clustering mechanism based on Neural Network (NN) is proposed. The accuracy and performance metrics show that the NN is able to learn and cluster the users based on the noisy channel response and is able to achieve a rate comparable to other more complex clustering schemes from the literature.      
### 8.Fractional-Order Partial Cancellation of Integer-Order Poles and Zeros  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11371.pdf)
>  The key idea of this contribution is the partial compensation of non-minimum phase zeros or unstable poles. Therefore the integer-order zero/pole is split into a product of fractional-order pseudo zeros/poles. The amplitude and phase response of these fractional-order terms is derived to include these compensators into the loop-shaping design. Such compensators can be generalized to conjugate complex zeros/poles, and also implicit fractional-order terms can be applied. In the case of the non-minimum phase zero, its compensation leads to a higher phase margin and a steeper open-loop amplitude response around the crossover frequency resulting in a reduced undershooting in the step-response, as illustrated in the numerical example.      
### 9.Persistent Weak Interferer Detection in WiFi Networks: A Deep Learning Based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11360.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the use of multiple deep learning techniques to detect weak interference in WiFi networks. Given the low interference signal levels involved, this scenario tends to be difficult to detect. However, even signal-to-interference ratios exceeding 20 dB can cause significant throughput degradation and latency. Furthermore, the resultant packet error rate may not be enough to force the WiFi network to fallback to a more robust physical layer configuration. Deep learning applied directly to sampled radio frequency data has the potential to perform detection much cheaper than successive interference cancellation, which is important for real-time persistent network monitoring. The techniques explored in this work include maximum softmax probability, distance metric learning, variational autoencoder, and autoreggressive log-likelihood. We also introduce the notion of generalized outlier exposure for these techniques, and show its importance in detecting weak interference. Our results indicate that with outlier exposure, maximum softmax probability, distance metric learning, and autoreggresive log-likelihood are capable of reliably detecting interference more than 20 dB below the 802.11 specified minimum sensitivity levels. We believe this presents a unique software solution to real-time, persistent network monitoring.      
### 10.Arbitrary Reduction of MRI Slice Spacing Based on Local-Aware Implicit Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11346.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance (MR) images are often acquired in 2D settings for real clinical applications. The 3D volumes reconstructed by stacking multiple 2D slices have large inter-slice spacing, resulting in lower inter-slice resolution than intra-slice resolution. Super-resolution is a powerful tool to reduce the inter-slice spacing of 3D images to facilitate subsequent visualization and computation tasks. However, most existing works train the super-resolution network at a fixed ratio, which is inconvenient in clinical scenes due to the heterogeneous parameters in MR scanning. In this paper, we propose a single super-resolution network to reduce the inter-slice spacing of MR images at an arbitrarily adjustable ratio. Specifically, we view the input image as a continuous implicit function of coordinates. The intermediate slices of different spacing ratios could be constructed according to the implicit representation up-sampled in the continuous domain. We particularly propose a novel local-aware spatial attention mechanism and long-range residual learning to boost the quality of the output image. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed method, even compared to the models trained at a fixed ratio.      
### 11.The Topology of Circular Synthetic Aperture Sonar Targets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11311.pdf)
>  This report presents a connection between the physical acoustics of an object and the topology of the space of echoes resulting from a circular synthetic aperture sonar (CSAS) collection of that object. A simple theoretical model is developed that yields a precise, yet qualitative, description of the space of echoes. This theoretical model is validated in simulation and with experimental data from a laboratory sonar system.      
### 12.Few-bit Quantization of Neural Networks for Nonlinearity Mitigation in a Fiber Transmission Experiment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11284.pdf)
>  A neural network is quantized for the mitigation of nonlinear and components distortions in a 16-QAM 9x50km dual-polarization fiber transmission experiment. Post-training additive power-of-two quantization at 6 bits incurs a negligible Q-factor penalty. At 5 bits, the model size is reduced by 85%, with 0.8 dB penalty.      
### 13.Exploiting Array Geometry for Reduced-Subspace Channel Estimation in RIS-Aided Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11220.pdf)
>  A reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) can be used to improve the channel gain between a base station (BS) and user equipment (UE), but only if its $N$ reflecting elements are configured properly. This requires accurate estimation of the cascaded channel from the UE to the BS through each RIS element. If the channel structure is not exploited, pilot sequences of length $N$ must be used, which is a major practical challenge since $N$ is typically at the order of hundreds. To address this problem without requiring user-specific channel statistics, we propose a novel estimator, called reduced-subspace least squares (RS-LS) estimator, that only uses knowledge of the array geometry. The RIS phase-shift pattern is optimized to minimize the mean-square error of the channel estimates. The RS-LS estimator largely outperforms the conventional least-squares estimator, and can be utilized with a much shorter pilot length since it exploits the fact that the array geometry confines the possible channel realizations to a reduced-rank subspace.      
### 14.Structured Sensing Matrix Design for In-sector Compressed mmWave Channel Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11154.pdf)
>  Fast millimeter wave (mmWave) channel estimation techniques based on compressed sensing (CS) suffer from low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) in the channel measurements, due to the use of wide beams. To address this problem, we develop an in-sector CS-based mmWave channel estimation technique that focuses energy on a sector in the angle domain. Specifically, we construct a new class of structured CS matrices to estimate the channel within the sector of interest. To this end, we first determine an optimal sampling pattern when the number of measurements is equal to the sector dimension and then use its subsampled version in the sub-Nyquist regime. Our approach results in low aliasing artifacts in the sector of interest and better channel estimates than benchmark algorithms.      
### 15.DTU-Net: Learning Topological Similarity for Curvilinear Structure Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11115.pdf)
>  Curvilinear structure segmentation plays an important role in many applications. The standard formulation of segmentation as pixel-wise classification often fails to capture these structures due to the small size and low contrast. Some works introduce prior topological information to address this problem with the cost of expensive computations and the need for extra labels. Moreover, prior work primarily focuses on avoiding false splits by encouraging the connection of small gaps. Less attention has been given to avoiding missed splits, namely the incorrect inference of structures that are not visible in the image. <br>In this paper, we present DTU-Net, a dual-decoder and topology-aware deep neural network consisting of two sequential light-weight U-Nets, namely a texture net, and a topology net. The texture net makes a coarse prediction using image texture information. The topology net learns topological information from the coarse prediction by employing a triplet loss trained to recognize false and missed splits, and provides a topology-aware separation of the foreground and background. The separation is further utilized to correct the coarse prediction. We conducted experiments on a challenging multi-class ultrasound scan segmentation dataset and an open dataset for road extraction. Results show that our model achieves state-of-the-art results in both segmentation accuracy and continuity. Compared to existing methods, our model corrects both false positive and false negative examples more effectively with no need for prior knowledge.      
### 16.FedNorm: Modality-Based Normalization in Federated Learning for Multi-Modal Liver Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11096.pdf)
>  Given the high incidence and effective treatment options for liver diseases, they are of great socioeconomic importance. One of the most common methods for analyzing CT and MRI images for diagnosis and follow-up treatment is liver segmentation. Recent advances in deep learning have demonstrated encouraging results for automatic liver segmentation. Despite this, their success depends primarily on the availability of an annotated database, which is often not available because of privacy concerns. Federated Learning has been recently proposed as a solution to alleviate these challenges by training a shared global model on distributed clients without access to their local databases. Nevertheless, Federated Learning does not perform well when it is trained on a high degree of heterogeneity of image data due to multi-modal imaging, such as CT and MRI, and multiple scanner types. To this end, we propose Fednorm and its extension \fednormp, two Federated Learning algorithms that use a modality-based normalization technique. Specifically, Fednorm normalizes the features on a client-level, while Fednorm+ employs the modality information of single slices in the feature normalization. Our methods were validated using 428 patients from six publicly available databases and compared to state-of-the-art Federated Learning algorithms and baseline models in heterogeneous settings (multi-institutional, multi-modal data). The experimental results demonstrate that our methods show an overall acceptable performance, achieve Dice per patient scores up to 0.961, consistently outperform locally trained models, and are on par or slightly better than centralized models.      
### 17.A mode-in-state contribution factor based on Koopman operator and its application to power system analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10984.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a mode-in-state contribution factor for a class of nonlinear dynamical systems by utilizing spectral properties of the Koopman operator and sensitivity analysis. Using eigenfunctions of the Koopman operator for a target nonlinear system, we show that the relative contribution between modes and state variables can be quantified beyond a linear regime, where the nonlinearity of the system is taken into consideration. The proposed contribution factor is applied to the numerical analysis of large-signal simulations for an interconnected AC/multi-terminal DC power system.      
### 18.Data-driven, Internet-inspired, and Scalable EV Charging for Power Distribution Grid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10926.pdf)
>  Electric vehicles (EVs) are finally making their way onto the roads. However, the challenges concerning their long charging times and their impact on congestion of the power distribution grid are still waiting to be resolved. With historical measurement data, EV chargers can take better-informed actions while staying mostly off-line. Proposed solutions that depend on heavy communication and rigorous computation for optimal operation are not scalable. The solutions that do not depend on power distribution topology information, such as Droop control, are more practical as they only use local measurements. However, they result in sub-optimal operation due to a lack of a feedback mechanism. This study develops a distributed and data-driven congestion detection methodology embedded in the Additive Increase Multiplicative Decrease (AIMD) algorithm to control mass EV charging in a distribution grid. The proposed distributed AIMD algorithm performs very closely to the ideal AIMD regarding fairness and congestion handling. Its communication need is almost as low as the Droop control. The results can provide crucial insights on how we can use data to reveal the inner dynamics and structure of the power grid and help develop more advanced data-driven algorithms for grid-integrated power electronics control.      
### 19.Privacy-Preserving Data-Enabled Predictive Leading Cruise Control in Mixed Traffic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10916.pdf)
>  Data-driven predictive control of connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) has received increasing attention as it can achieve safe and optimal control without relying on explicit dynamical models. However, employing the data-driven strategy involves the collection and sharing of privacy-sensitive vehicle information, which is vulnerable to privacy leakage and might further lead to malicious activities. In this paper, we develop a privacy-preserving data-enabled predictive control scheme for CAVs in a mixed traffic environment, where human-driven vehicles and CAVs coexist. We tackle external eavesdropper and honest-but-curious central unit eavesdropper who wiretap the communication channel of the mixed traffic system and intend to infer the CAVs' state and input information. An affine masking-based privacy protection method is designed to conceal the true state and input signals, and an extended form of the data-enabled predictive leading cruise control under different matrix structures is derived to achieve privacy-preserving optimal control for CAVs. The proposed scheme can protect the privacy of CAVs against the attackers without affecting control performance or incurring heavy computations. Numerical simulations demonstrate the efficacy of the developed approach.      
### 20.Efficient PHY Layer Abstraction under Imperfect Channel Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10897.pdf)
>  As network simulator has been suffering from the large computational complexity in the physical (PHY) layer, a PHY layer abstraction model that efficiently and accurately characterizes the PHY layer performance from the system level simulations is well-needed. However, most existing work investigate the PHY layer abstraction under an assumption of perfect channel estimation, as a result, such a model may become unreliable if there exists channel estimation error in a real communication system. This work improves an efficient PHY layer method, EESM-log-SGN PHY layer abstraction, by considering the presence of channel estimation error. We develop two methods for implementing the EESM-log-SGN PHY abstraction under imperfect channel estimation. Meanwhile, we present the derivation of effective Signal-to-Interference-plus-Noise-Ratio (SINR) for minimum mean squared error (MMSE) receivers impacted by the channel estimation error. Via full PHY simulations, we verify that the effective SINR is not impacted by the channel estimation error under multiple-input and single-output (MISO)/single-input and single-output (SISO) configuration. Finally, the developed methods are validated under different orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) scenarios.      
### 21.Improving AMD diagnosis by the simultaneous identification of associated retinal lesions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10885.pdf)
>  Age-related Macular Degeneration (AMD) is the predominant cause of blindness in developed countries, specially in elderly people. Moreover, its prevalence is increasing due to the global population ageing. In this scenario, early detection is crucial to avert later vision impairment. Nonetheless, implementing large-scale screening programmes is usually not viable, since the population at-risk is large and the analysis must be performed by expert clinicians. Also, the diagnosis of AMD is considered to be particularly difficult, as it is characterized by many different lesions that, in many cases, resemble those of other macular diseases. To overcome these issues, several works have proposed automatic methods for the detection of AMD in retinography images, the most widely used modality for the screening of the disease. Nowadays, most of these works use Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) for the binary classification of images into AMD and non-AMD classes. In this work, we propose a novel approach based on CNNs that simultaneously performs AMD diagnosis and the classification of its potential lesions. This latter secondary task has not yet been addressed in this domain, and provides complementary useful information that improves the diagnosis performance and helps understanding the decision. A CNN model is trained using retinography images with image-level labels for both AMD and lesion presence, which are relatively easy to obtain. The experiments conducted in several public datasets show that the proposed approach improves the detection of AMD, while achieving satisfactory results in the identification of most lesions.      
### 22.Antenna Selection in Switch-Based MIMO Arrays via DOA threshold region Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10807.pdf)
>  Direction-of-arrival (DOA) information is vital for multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) systems to complete localization and beamforming tasks. Switched antenna arrays have recently emerged as an effective solution to reduce the cost and power consumption of MIMO systems. Switch-based array architectures connect a limited number of radio frequency chains to a subset of the antenna elements forming a subarray. This paper addresses the problem of antenna selection to optimize DOA estimation performance. We first perform a subarray layout alignment process to remove subarrays with identical beampatterns and create a unique subarray set. By using this set, and based on a DOA threshold region performance approximation, we propose two antenna selection algorithms; a greedy algorithm and a deep-learning-based algorithm. The performance of the proposed algorithms is evaluated numerically. The results show a significant performance improvement over selected benchmark approaches in terms of DOA estimation in the threshold region and computational complexity.      
### 23.6G Radio Requirements to Support Integrated Communication, Localization, and Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10783.pdf)
>  6G will be characterized by extreme use cases, not only for communication, but also for localization, and sensing. The use cases can be directly mapped to requirements in terms of standard key performance indicators (KPIs), such as data rate, latency, or localization accuracy. The goal of this paper is to go one step further and map these standard KPIs to requirements on signals, on hardware architectures, and on deployments. Based on this, system solutions can be identified that can support several use cases simultaneously. Since there are several ways to meet the KPIs, there is no unique solution and preferable configurations will be discussed.      
### 24.A Hierarchical MPC Approach to Car-Following via Linearly Constrained Quadratic Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10781.pdf)
>  Single-lane car following is a fundamental task in autonomous driving. A desirable car following controller should keep a reasonable range of distances to the preceding vehicle and do so as smoothly as possible. To achieve this, numerous control methods have been proposed in the literature: some only rely on local sensing; others also make use of non-local downstream observations. While local methods are capable of attenuating high-frequency velocity oscillation and are economical to compute, non-local methods can dampen a wider spectrum of oscillatory traffic but incur a larger cost in computing. In this article, we design a novel non-local controller that is capable of smoothing a wide range of oscillatory traffic and is amenable to real-time applications. The controller consists of 1) a planning layer, which solves for an optimal trajectory using non-local observation generated from a real-time estimated time of arrival estimator, and 2) a tracking layer, which realizes the planned trajectory whenever safety permits. At the core of the controller design is an optimization procedure reduced to a light-weight quadratic program, designed specifically for extensibility and real-time implementation. Numerical experiments suggest that the proposed controller has fast running time, can simultaneously maintain a variable headway while driving with modest accelerations, and is capable of performing under imperfect traffic predictions.      
### 25.Data-aided Active User Detection with a User Activity Extraction Network for Grant-free SCMA Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10780.pdf)
>  In grant-free sparse code multiple access system, joint optimization of contention resources for users and active user detection (AUD) at the receiver is a complex combinatorial problem. To this end, we propose a deep learning-based data-aided AUD scheme which extracts a priori user activity information via a novel user activity extraction network (UAEN). This is enabled by an end-to-end training of an autoencoder (AE), which simultaneously optimizes the contention resources, i.e., preamble sequences, each associated with one of the codebooks, and extraction of user activity information from both preamble and data transmission. Furthermore, we propose self-supervised pre-training scheme for the UAEN, which ensures the convergence of offline end-to-end training. Simulation results demonstrated that the proposed AUD scheme achieved 3 to 5dB gain at a target activity detection error rate of ${{10}^{-3}}$ compared to the state-of-the-art DL-based AUD schemes.      
### 26.Residual Channel Attention Network for Brain Glioma Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10758.pdf)
>  A glioma is a malignant brain tumor that seriously affects cognitive functions and lowers patients' life quality. Segmentation of brain glioma is challenging because of interclass ambiguities in tumor regions. Recently, deep learning approaches have achieved outstanding performance in the automatic segmentation of brain glioma. However, existing algorithms fail to exploit channel-wise feature interdependence to select semantic attributes for glioma segmentation. In this study, we implement a novel deep neural network that integrates residual channel attention modules to calibrate intermediate features for glioma segmentation. The proposed channel attention mechanism adaptively weights feature channel-wise to optimize the latent representation of gliomas. We evaluate our method on the established dataset BraTS2017. Experimental results indicate the superiority of our method.      
### 27.Deep Feature Fusion via Graph Convolutional Network for Intracranial Artery Labeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10757.pdf)
>  Intracranial arteries are critical blood vessels that supply the brain with oxygenated blood. Intracranial artery labels provide valuable guidance and navigation to numerous clinical applications and disease diagnoses. Various machine learning algorithms have been carried out for automation in the anatomical labeling of cerebral arteries. However, the task remains challenging because of the high complexity and variations of intracranial arteries. This study investigates a novel graph convolutional neural network with deep feature fusion for cerebral artery labeling. We introduce stacked graph convolutions in an encoder-core-decoder architecture, extracting high-level representations from graph nodes and their neighbors. Furthermore, we efficiently aggregate intermediate features from different hierarchies to enhance the proposed model's representation capability and labeling performance. We perform extensive experiments on public datasets, in which the results prove the superiority of our approach over baselines by a clear margin.      
### 28.Limit Cycles Analysis and Control of Evolutionary Game Dynamics with Environmental Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10734.pdf)
>  Recently, an evolutionary game dynamics model taking into account the environmental feedback has been proposed to describe the co-evolution of strategic actions of a population of individuals and the state of the surrounding environment; correspondingly a range of interesting dynamic behaviors have been reported. In this paper, we provide new theoretical insight into such behaviors and discuss control options. Instead of the standard replicator dynamics, we use a more realistic and comprehensive model of replicator-mutator dynamics, to describe the strategic evolution of the population. After integrating the environment feedback, we study the effect of mutations on the resulting closed-loop system dynamics. We prove the conditions for two types of bifurcations, Hopf bifurcation and Heteroclinic bifurcation, both of which result in stable limit cycles. These limit cycles have not been identified in existing works, and we further prove that such limit cycles are in fact persistent in a large parameter space and are almost globally stable. In the end, an intuitive control policy based on incentives is applied, and the effectiveness of this control policy is examined by analysis and simulations.      
### 29.Neural Lyapunov Differentiable Predictive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10728.pdf)
>  We present a learning-based predictive control methodology using the differentiable programming framework with probabilistic Lyapunov-based stability guarantees. The neural Lyapunov differentiable predictive control (NLDPC) learns the policy by constructing a computational graph encompassing the system dynamics, state and input constraints, and the necessary Lyapunov certification constraints, and thereafter using the automatic differentiation to update the neural policy parameters. In conjunction, our approach jointly learns a Lyapunov function that certifies the regions of state-space with stable dynamics. We also provide a sampling-based statistical guarantee for the training of NLDPC from the distribution of initial conditions. Our offline training approach provides a computationally efficient and scalable alternative to classical explicit model predictive control solutions. We substantiate the advantages of the proposed approach with simulations to stabilize the double integrator model and on an example of controlling an aircraft model.      
### 30.Producing Histopathology Phantom Images using Generative Adversarial Networks to improve Tumor Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10691.pdf)
>  Advance in medical imaging is an important part in deep learning research. One of the goals of computer vision is development of a holistic, comprehensive model which can identify tumors from histology slides obtained via biopsies. A major problem that stands in the way is lack of data for a few cancer-types. In this paper, we ascertain that data augmentation using GANs can be a viable solution to reduce the unevenness in the distribution of different cancer types in our dataset. Our demonstration showed that a dataset augmented to a 50% increase causes an increase in tumor detection from 80% to 87.5%      
### 31.Nonparametric Decentralized Detection and Sparse Sensor Selection via Multi-Sensor Online Kernel Scalar Quantization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10681.pdf)
>  Signal classification problems arise in a wide variety of applications, and their demand is only expected to grow. In this paper, we focus on the wireless sensor network signal classification setting, where each sensor forwards quantized signals to a fusion center to be classified. Our primary goal is to train a decision function and quantizers across the sensors to maximize the classification performance in an online manner. Moreover, we are interested in sparse sensor selection using a marginalized weighted kernel approach to improve network resource efficiency by disabling less reliable sensors with minimal effect on classification <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://performance.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> achieve our goals, we develop a multi-sensor online kernel scalar quantization (MSOKSQ) learning strategy that operates on the sensor outputs at the fusion center. Our theoretical analysis reveals how the proposed algorithm affects the quantizers across the sensors. Additionally, we provide a convergence analysis of our online learning approach by studying its relationship to batch learning. We conduct numerical studies under different classification and sensor network settings which demonstrate the accuracy gains from optimizing different components of MSOKSQ and robustness to reduction in the number of sensors selected.      
### 32.Transformer based Generative Adversarial Network for Liver Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10663.pdf)
>  Automated liver segmentation from radiology scans (CT, MRI) can improve surgery and therapy planning and follow-up assessment in addition to conventional use for diagnosis and prognosis. Although convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have become the standard image segmentation tasks, more recently this has started to change towards Transformers based architectures because Transformers are taking advantage of capturing long range dependence modeling capability in signals, so called attention mechanism. In this study, we propose a new segmentation approach using a hybrid approach combining the Transformer(s) with the Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) approach. The premise behind this choice is that the self-attention mechanism of the Transformers allows the network to aggregate the high dimensional feature and provide global information modeling. This mechanism provides better segmentation performance compared with traditional methods. Furthermore, we encode this generator into the GAN based architecture so that the discriminator network in the GAN can classify the credibility of the generated segmentation masks compared with the real masks coming from human (expert) annotations. This allows us to extract the high dimensional topology information in the mask for biomedical image segmentation and provide more reliable segmentation results. Our model achieved a high dice coefficient of 0.9433, recall of 0.9515, and precision of 0.9376 and outperformed other Transformer based approaches.      
### 33.Tensor Shape Search for Optimum Data Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10651.pdf)
>  Various tensor decomposition methods have been proposed for data compression. In real world applications of the tensor decomposition, selecting the tensor shape for the given data poses a challenge and the shape of the tensor may affect the error and the compression ratio. In this work, we study the effect of the tensor shape on the tensor decomposition and propose an optimization model to find an optimum shape for the tensor train (TT) decomposition. The proposed optimization model maximizes the compression ratio of the TT decomposition given an error bound. We implement a genetic algorithm (GA) linked with the TT-SVD algorithm to solve the optimization model. We apply the proposed method for the compression of RGB images. The results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed evolutionary tensor shape search for the TT decomposition.      
### 34.A Pilot Study of Relating MYCN-Gene Amplification with Neuroblastoma-Patient CT Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10619.pdf)
>  Neuroblastoma is one of the most common cancers in infants, and the initial diagnosis of this disease is difficult. At present, the MYCN gene amplification (MNA) status is detected by invasive pathological examination of tumor samples. This is time-consuming and may have a hidden impact on children. To handle this problem, we adopt multiple machine learning (ML) algorithms to predict the presence or absence of MYCN gene amplification. The dataset is composed of retrospective CT images of 23 neuroblastoma patients. Different from previous work, we develop the algorithm without manually-segmented primary tumors which is time-consuming and not practical. Instead, we only need the coordinate of the center point and the number of tumor slices given by a subspecialty-trained pediatric radiologist. Specifically, CNN-based method uses pre-trained convolutional neural network, and radiomics-based method extracts radiomics features. Our results show that CNN-based method outperforms the radiomics-based method.      
### 35.Myocardial Segmentation of Late Gadolinium Enhanced MR Images by Propagation of Contours from Cine MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10595.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of myocardium in Late Gadolinium Enhanced (LGE) Cardiac MR (CMR) images is often difficult due to the intensity heterogeneity resulting from accumulation of contrast agent in infarcted areas. In this paper, we propose an automatic segmentation framework that fully utilizes shared information between corresponding cine and LGE images of a same patient. Given myocardial contours in cine CMR images, the proposed framework achieves accurate segmentation of LGE CMR images in a coarse-to-fine manner. Affine registration is first performed between the corresponding cine and LGE image pair, followed by nonrigid registration, and finally local deformation of myocardial contours driven by forces derived from local features of the LGE image. Experimental results on real patient data with expert outlined ground truth show that the proposed framework can generate accurate and reliable results for myocardial segmentation of LGE CMR images.      
### 36.A Comprehensive 3-D Framework for Automatic Quantification of Late Gadolinium Enhanced Cardiac Magnetic Resonance Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10572.pdf)
>  Late gadolinium enhanced (LGE) cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) can directly visualize nonviable myocardium with hyperenhanced intensities with respect to normal myocardium. For heart attack patients, it is crucial to facilitate the decision of appropriate therapy by analyzing and quantifying their LGE CMR images. To achieve accurate quantification, LGE CMR images need to be processed in two steps: segmentation of the myocardium followed by classification of infarcts within the segmented myocardium. However, automatic segmentation is difficult usually due to the intensity heterogeneity of the myocardium and intensity similarity between the infarcts and blood pool. Besides, the slices of an LGE CMR dataset often suffer from spatial and intensity distortions, causing further difficulties in segmentation and classification. In this paper, we present a comprehensive 3-D framework for automatic quantification of LGE CMR images. In this framework, myocardium is segmented with a novel method that deforms coupled endocardial and epicardial meshes and combines information in both short- and long-axis slices, while infarcts are classified with a graph-cut algorithm incorporating intensity and spatial information. Moreover, both spatial and intensity distortions are effectively corrected with specially designed countermeasures. Experiments with 20 sets of real patient data show visually good segmentation and classification results that are quantitatively in strong agreement with those manually obtained by experts.      
### 37.A Collaborative Approach Using Neural Networks for BLE-RSS Lateration-Based Indoor Positioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10559.pdf)
>  In daily life, mobile and wearable devices with high computing power, together with anchors deployed in indoor environments, form a common solution for the increasing demands for indoor location-based services. Within the technologies and methods currently in use for indoor localization, the approaches that rely on Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) anchors, Received Signal Strength (RSS), and lateration are among the most popular, mainly because of their cheap and easy deployment and accessible infrastructure by a variety of devices. Nevertheless, such BLE- and RSS-based indoor positioning systems are prone to inaccuracies, mostly due to signal fluctuations, poor quantity of anchors deployed in the environment, and/or inappropriate anchor distributions, as well as mobile device hardware variability. In this paper, we address these issues by using a collaborative indoor positioning approach, which exploits neighboring devices as additional anchors in an extended positioning network. The collaborating devices' information (i.e., estimated positions and BLE-RSS) is processed using a multilayer perceptron (MLP) neural network by taking into account the device specificity in order to estimate the relative distances. After this, the lateration is applied to collaboratively estimate the device position. Finally, the stand-alone and collaborative position estimates are combined, providing the final position estimate for each device. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed collaborative approach outperforms the stand-alone lateration method in terms of positioning accuracy.      
### 38.Three-Dimensional Segmentation of the Left Ventricle in Late Gadolinium Enhanced MR Images of Chronic Infarction Combining Long- and Short-Axis Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10548.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of the left ventricle (LV) in late gadolinium enhanced (LGE) cardiac MR (CMR) images is difficult due to the intensity heterogeneity arising from accumulation of contrast agent in infarcted myocardium. In this paper, we present a comprehensive framework for automatic 3D segmentation of the LV in LGE CMR images. Given myocardial contours in cine images as a priori knowledge, the framework initially propagates the a priori segmentation from cine to LGE images via 2D translational registration. Two meshes representing respectively endocardial and epicardial surfaces are then constructed with the propagated contours. After construction, the two meshes are deformed towards the myocardial edge points detected in both short-axis and long-axis LGE images in a unified 3D coordinate system. Taking into account the intensity characteristics of the LV in LGE images, we propose a novel parametric model of the LV for consistent myocardial edge points detection regardless of pathological status of the myocardium (infarcted or healthy) and of the type of the LGE images (short-axis or long-axis). We have evaluated the proposed framework with 21 sets of real patient and 4 sets of simulated phantom data. Both distance- and region-based performance metrics confirm the observation that the framework can generate accurate and reliable results for myocardial segmentation of LGE images. We have also tested the robustness of the framework with respect to varied a priori segmentation in both practical and simulated settings. Experimental results show that the proposed framework can greatly compensate variations in the given a priori knowledge and consistently produce accurate segmentations.      
### 39.Visualizing CoAtNet Predictions for Aiding Melanoma Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10515.pdf)
>  Melanoma is considered to be the most aggressive form of skin cancer. Due to the similar shape of malignant and benign cancerous lesions, doctors spend considerably more time when diagnosing these findings. At present, the evaluation of malignancy is performed primarily by invasive histological examination of the suspicious lesion. Developing an accurate classifier for early and efficient detection can minimize and monitor the harmful effects of skin cancer and increase patient survival rates. This paper proposes a multi-class classification task using the CoAtNet architecture, a hybrid model that combines the depthwise convolution matrix operation of traditional convolutional neural networks with the strengths of Transformer models and self-attention mechanics to achieve better generalization and capacity. The proposed multi-class classifier achieves an overall precision of 0.901, recall 0.895, and AP 0.923, indicating high performance compared to other state-of-the-art networks.      
### 40.Making Video Quality Assessment Models Sensitive to Frame Rate Distortions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10501.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of capturing distortions arising from changes in frame rate as part of Video Quality Assessment (VQA). Variable frame rate (VFR) videos have become much more common, and streamed videos commonly range from 30 frames per second (fps) up to 120 fps. VFR-VQA offers unique challenges in terms of distortion types as well as in making non-uniform comparisons of reference and distorted videos having different frame rates. The majority of current VQA models require compared videos to be of the same frame rate, but are unable to adequately account for frame rate artifacts. The recently proposed Generalized Entropic Difference (GREED) VQA model succeeds at this task, using natural video statistics models of entropic differences of temporal band-pass coefficients, delivering superior performance on predicting video quality changes arising from frame rate distortions. Here we propose a simple fusion framework, whereby temporal features from GREED are combined with existing VQA models, towards improving model sensitivity towards frame rate distortions. We find through extensive experiments that this feature fusion significantly boosts model performance on both HFR/VFR datasets as well as fixed frame rate (FFR) VQA databases. Our results suggest that employing efficient temporal representations can result much more robust and accurate VQA models when frame rate variations can occur.      
### 41.Approximate Message Passing with Parameter Estimation for Heavily Quantized Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10448.pdf)
>  Designing efficient sparse recovery algorithms that could handle noisy quantized measurements is important in a variety of applications -- from radar to source localization, spectrum sensing and wireless networking. We take advantage of the approximate message passing (AMP) framework to achieve this goal given its high computational efficiency and state-of-the-art performance. In AMP, the signal of interest is assumed to follow certain prior distribution with unknown parameters. Previous works focused on finding the parameters that maximize the measurement likelihood via expectation maximization -- an increasingly difficult problem to solve in cases involving complicated probability models. In this paper, we treat the parameters as unknown variables and compute their posteriors via AMP. The parameters and signal of interest can then be jointly recovered. Compared to previous methods, the proposed approach leads to a simple and elegant parameter estimation scheme, allowing us to directly work with 1-bit quantization noise model. We then further extend our approach to general multi-bit quantization noise model. Experimental results show that the proposed framework provides significant improvement over state-of-the-art methods across a wide range of sparsity and noise levels.      
### 42.Economic model predictive control of integrated energy systems: A multi-time-scale framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10433.pdf)
>  In this work, a composite economic model predictive control (CEMPC) is proposed for the optimal operation of a stand-alone integrated energy system (IES). Time-scale multiplicity exists in IESs dynamics is taken into account and addressed using multi-time-scale decomposition. The entire IES is decomposed into three reduced-order subsystems with slow, medium, and fast dynamics. Subsequently, the CEMPC, which includes slow economic model predictive control (EMPC), medium EMPC and fast EMPC, is developed. The EMPCs communicate with each other to ensure consistency in decision-making. In the slow EMPC, the global control objectives are optimized, and the manipulated inputs explicitly affecting the slow dynamics are applied. The medium EMPC optimizes the control objectives correlated with the medium dynamics and applies the corresponding optimal medium inputs to the IES, while the fast EMPC optimizes the fast dynamics relevant objectives and makes a decision on the manipulated inputs directly associated with the fast dynamics. Meanwhile, thermal comfort is integrated into the CEMPC in the form of zone tracking of the building temperature for achieving more control degrees of freedom to prioritize satisfying the electric demand and reducing operating costs of the IES. Moreover, a long-term EMPC based on a simplified slow subsystem model is developed and incorporated into the CEMPC to ensure that the operating state accommodates long-term forecasts for external conditions. Finally, the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method are demonstrated via simulations and a comparison with a hierarchical real-time optimization mechanism.      
### 43.NeuralEcho: A Self-Attentive Recurrent Neural Network For Unified Acoustic Echo Suppression And Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10401.pdf)
>  Acoustic echo cancellation (AEC) plays an important role in the full-duplex speech communication as well as the front-end speech enhancement for recognition in the conditions when the loudspeaker plays back. In this paper, we present an all-deep-learning framework that implicitly estimates the second order statistics of echo/noise and target speech, and jointly solves echo and noise suppression through an attention based recurrent neural network. The proposed model outperforms the state-of-the-art joint echo cancellation and speech enhancement method F-T-LSTM in terms of objective speech quality metrics, speech recognition accuracy and model complexity. We show that this model can work with speaker embedding for better target speech enhancement and furthermore develop a branch for automatic gain control (AGC) task to form an all-in-one front-end speech enhancement system.      
### 44.A SSIM Guided cGAN Architecture For Clinically Driven Generative Image Synthesis of Multiplexed Spatial Proteomics Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10373.pdf)
>  Here we present a structural similarity index measure (SSIM) guided conditional Generative Adversarial Network (cGAN) that generatively performs image-to-image (i2i) synthesis to generate photo-accurate protein channels in multiplexed spatial proteomics images. This approach can be utilized to accurately generate missing spatial proteomics channels that were not included during experimental data collection either at the bench or the clinic. Experimental spatial proteomic data from the Human BioMolecular Atlas Program (HuBMAP) was used to generate spatial representations of missing proteins through a U-Net based image synthesis pipeline. HuBMAP channels were hierarchically clustered by the (SSIM) as a heuristic to obtain the minimal set needed to recapitulate the underlying biology represented by the spatial landscape of proteins. We subsequently prove that our SSIM based architecture allows for scaling of generative image synthesis to slides with up to 100 channels, which is better than current state of the art algorithms which are limited to data with 11 channels. We validate these claims by generating a new experimental spatial proteomics data set from human lung adenocarcinoma tissue sections and show that a model trained on HuBMAP can accurately synthesize channels from our new data set. The ability to recapitulate experimental data from sparsely stained multiplexed histological slides containing spatial proteomic will have tremendous impact on medical diagnostics and drug development, and also raises important questions on the medical ethics of utilizing data produced by generative image synthesis in the clinical setting. The algorithm that we present in this paper will allow researchers and clinicians to save time and costs in proteomics based histological staining while also increasing the amount of data that they can generate through their experiments.      
### 45.Automatic Generation of Synthetic Colonoscopy Videos for Domain Randomization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10368.pdf)
>  An increasing number of colonoscopic guidance and assistance systems rely on machine learning algorithms which require a large amount of high-quality training data. In order to ensure high performance, the latter has to resemble a substantial portion of possible configurations. This particularly addresses varying anatomy, mucosa appearance and image sensor characteristics which are likely deteriorated by motion blur and inadequate illumination. The limited amount of readily available training data hampers to account for all of these possible configurations which results in reduced generalization capabilities of machine learning models. We propose an exemplary solution for synthesizing colonoscopy videos with substantial appearance and anatomical variations which enables to learn discriminative domain-randomized representations of the interior colon while mimicking real-world settings.      
### 46.Nonlinear motion separation via untrained generator networks with disentangled latent space variables and applications to cardiac MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10367.pdf)
>  In this paper, a nonlinear approach to separate different motion types in video data is proposed. This is particularly relevant in dynamic medical imaging (e.g. PET, MRI), where patient motion poses a significant challenge due to its effects on the image reconstruction as well as for its subsequent interpretation. Here, a new method is proposed where dynamic images are represented as the forward mapping of a sequence of latent variables via a generator neural network. The latent variables are structured so that temporal variations in the data are represented via dynamic latent variables, which are independent of static latent variables characterizing the general structure of the frames. In particular, different kinds of motion are also characterized independently of each other via latent space disentanglement using one-dimensional prior information on all but one of the motion types. This representation allows to freeze any selection of motion types, and to obtain accurate independent representations of other dynamics of interest. Moreover, the proposed algorithm is training-free, i.e., all the network parameters are learned directly from a single video. We illustrate the performance of this method on phantom and real-data MRI examples, where we successfully separate respiratory and cardiac motion.      
### 47.Prediction of stent under-expansion in calcified coronary arteries using machine-learning on intravascular optical coherence tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10354.pdf)
>  BACKGROUND Careful evaluation of the risk of stent under-expansions before the intervention will aid treatment planning, including the application of a pre-stent plaque modification strategy. <br>OBJECTIVES It remains challenging to achieve a proper stent expansion in the presence of severely calcified coronary lesions. Building on our work in deep learning segmentation, we created an automated machine learning approach that uses lesion attributes to predict stent under-expansion from pre-stent images, suggesting the need for plaque modification. <br>METHODS Pre- and post-stent intravascular optical coherence tomography image data were obtained from 110 coronary lesions. Lumen and calcifications in pre-stent images were segmented using deep learning, and numerous features per lesion were extracted. We analyzed stent expansion along the lesion, enabling frame, segmental, and whole-lesion analyses. We trained regression models to predict the poststent lumen area and then to compute the stent expansion index (SEI). Stents with an SEI &lt; or &gt;/= 80% were classified as "under-expanded" and "well-expanded," respectively. <br>RESULTS Best performance (root-mean-square-error = 0.04+/-0.02 mm2, r = 0.94+/-0.04, p &lt; 0.0001) was achieved when we used features from both the lumen and calcification to train a Gaussian regression model for a segmental analysis over a segment length of 31 frames. Under-expansion classification results (AUC=0.85+/-0.02) were significantly improved over other approaches. <br>CONCLUSIONS We used calcifications and lumen features to identify lesions at risk of stent under-expansion. Results suggest that the use of pre-stent images can inform physicians of the need to apply plaque modification approaches.      
### 48.Dual Branch Prior-SegNet: CNN for Interventional CBCT using Planning Scan and Auxiliary Segmentation Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10353.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an extension to the Dual Branch Prior-Net for sparse view interventional CBCT reconstruction incorporating a high quality planning scan. An additional head learns to segment interventional instruments and thus guides the reconstruction task. The prior scans are misaligned by up to +-5deg in-plane during training. Experiments show that the proposed model, Dual Branch Prior-SegNet, significantly outperforms any other evaluated model by &gt;2.8dB PSNR. It also stays robust wrt. rotations of up to +-5.5deg.      
### 49.Advanced Transient Diagnostic with Ensemble Digital Twin Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11469.pdf)
>  The use of machine learning (ML) model as digital-twins for reduced-order-modeling (ROM) in lieu of system codes has grown traction over the past few years. However, due to the complex and non-linear nature of nuclear reactor transients as well as the large range of tasks required, it is infeasible for a single ML model to generalize across all tasks. In this paper, we incorporate issue specific digital-twin ML models with ensembles to enhance the prediction outcome. The ensemble also utilizes an indirect probabilistic tracking method of surrogate state variables to produce accurate predictions of unobservable safety goals. The unique method named Ensemble Diagnostic Digital-twin Modeling (EDDM) can select not only the most appropriate predictions from the incorporated diagnostic digital-twin models but can also reduce generalization error associated with training as opposed to single models.      
### 50.SiPRNet: End-to-End Learning for Single-Shot Phase Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11434.pdf)
>  Traditional optimization algorithms have been developed to deal with the phase retrieval problem. However, multiple measurements with different random or non-random masks are needed for giving a satisfactory performance. This brings a burden to the implementation of the algorithms in practical systems. Even worse, expensive optical devices are required to implement the optical masks. Recently, deep learning, especially convolutional neural networks (CNN), has played important roles in various image reconstruction tasks. However, traditional CNN structure fails to reconstruct the original images from their Fourier measurements because of tremendous domain discrepancy. In this paper, we design a novel CNN structure, named SiPRNet, to recover a signal from a single Fourier intensity measurement. To effectively utilize the spectral information of the measurements, we propose a new Multi-Layer Perception block embedded with the dropout layer to extract the global representations. Two Up-sampling and Reconstruction blocks with self-attention are utilized to recover the signals from the extracted features. Extensive evaluations of the proposed model are performed using different testing datasets on both simulation and optical experimentation platforms. The results demonstrate that the proposed approach consistently outperforms other CNN-based and traditional optimization-based methods in single-shot maskless phase retrieval. The source codes of the proposed method have been released on Github: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Qiustander/SiPRNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.Leakage Subspace Precoding for Physical Layer Security in Multi-User XL-MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11335.pdf)
>  We investigate the achievable secrecy sum-rate in a multi-user XL-MIMO system, on which user distances to the base station become comparable to the antenna array dimensions. We show that the consideration of spherical-wavefront propagation inherent to these set-ups is beneficial for physical-layer security, as it provides immunity against eavesdroppers located in similar angular directions that would otherwise prevent secure communication under classical planar-wavefront propagation. A leakage subspace precoding strategy is also proposed for joint secure precoding and user scheduling, which allows to improve the secrecy sum-rate compared to conventional zero-forcing based strategies, under different eavesdropper collusion strategies.      
### 52.Networked Sensing with AI-Empowered Environment Estimation: Exploiting Macro-Diversity and Array Gain in Perceptive Mobile Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11331.pdf)
>  Sensing will be an important service for future wireless networks to assist innovative applications like autonomous driving and environment monitoring. This paper considers the design of perceptive mobile networks (PMNs) where target monitoring terminals (TMTs) are deployed over the traditional cellular networks for jointly sensing the targets in the presence of environment clutter. Different from traditional radar, the cellular structure of PMNs offers multiple perspectives for target sensing (TS), but the joint processing among distributed sensing nodes also causes heavy computation and communication workload over the network. In this paper, we first propose a two-stage protocol where communication signals are utilized for environment estimation (EE) and TS in two consecutive time periods, respectively. A \textit{networked} sensing detector is then derived to exploit the perspectives provided by multiple TMTs for sensing the same target. The macro-diversity from multiple TMTs and the array gain from multiple receive antennas at each TMT are analyzed to reveal the benefit of networked sensing. Furthermore, we derive the sufficient condition that one TMT's contribution to the networked sensing is positive, based on which a TMT selection algorithm is proposed. To reduce the computation burden and efficiently estimate the environment, we propose a model-driven deep-learning algorithm that utilizes partially-sampled data for EE. Simulation results confirm the benefits of networked sensing and validate the higher efficiency of the proposed EE algorithm than existing methods.      
### 53.Multiple Offsets Multilateration: a new paradigm for sensor network calibration with unsynchronized reference nodes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11299.pdf)
>  Positioning using wave signal measurements is used in several applications, such as GPS systems, structure from sound and Wifi based positioning. Mathematically, such problems require the computation of the positions of receivers and/or transmitters as well as time offsets if the devices are unsynchronized. In this paper, we expand the previous state-of-the-art on positioning formulations by introducing Multiple Offsets Multilateration (MOM), a new mathematical framework to compute the receivers positions with pseudoranges from unsynchronized reference transmitters at known positions. This could be applied in several scenarios, for example structure from sound and positioning with LEO satellites. We mathematically describe MOM, determining how many receivers and transmitters are needed for the network to be solvable, a study on the number of possible distinct solutions is presented and stable solvers based on homotopy continuation are derived. The solvers are shown to be efficient and robust to noise both for synthetic and real audio data.      
### 54.Around View Monitoring System for Hydraulic Excavators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11224.pdf)
>  This paper describes the Around View Monitoring (AVM) system for hydraulic excavators that prevents the safety accidents caused by blind spots and increases the operational efficiency. To verify the developed system, experiments were conducted with its prototype. The experimental results demonstrate its applicability in the field with the following values: 7m of a visual range, 15fps of image refresh rate, 300ms of working information data reception rate, and 300ms of surface condition data reception rate.      
### 55.Denoising-based image reconstruction from pixels located at non-integer positions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11202.pdf)
>  Digital images are commonly represented as regular 2D arrays, so pixels are organized in form of a matrix addressed by integers. However, there are many image processing operations, such as rotation or motion compensation, that produce pixels at non-integer positions. Typically, image reconstruction techniques cannot handle samples at non-integer positions. In this paper, we propose to use triangulation-based reconstruction as initial estimate that is later refined by a novel adaptive denoising framework. Simulations reveal that improvements of up to more than 1.8 dB (in terms of PSNR) are achieved with respect to the initial estimate.      
### 56.Self-Adaptive RISs Beyond Free Space: Convergence of Localization, Sensing and Communication under Rich-Scattering Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11186.pdf)
>  We discuss the need for a confluence of localization, sensing and communications if RISs are to be deployed in a self-adaptive manner in the dynamically evolving rich-scattering settings that are typical for 6G deployment scenarios such as factories. We establish that in such problems the rich-scattering wireless channels are subject to a highly nonlinear deterministic double-parametrization through both the RIS and uncontrolled moving objects. Therefore, acquiring full context-awareness through localization and sensing is a prerequisite for RIS-empowered communications. Yet, the byproducts of this daunting communications overhead can feed many appliances that require context awareness, such that overhead concerns may vanish. We illustrate the essential steps for operating a self-adaptive RIS under rich scattering based on a prototypical case study. We discover that self-adaptive RISs outperform context-ignorant RISs only below a certain noise threshold that depends, among other factors, on how strongly uncontrolled perturbers impact the wireless channel. We also discuss ensuing future research directions that will determine the conditions under which RISs may serve as technological enabler of 6G networks.      
### 57.Distributed Downlink Precoding and Equalization in Satellite Swarms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11180.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a novel approach for downlink transmission from a satellite swarm towards a ground station (GS). These swarms have the benefit of much higher spatial separation in the transmit antennas than traditional big satellites with antenna arrays, promising a massive increase in spectral efficiency. The resulting precoder and equalizer have very low demands on computational complexity, inter-satellite coordination and channel estimation. This is achieved by taking knowledge about the geometry between satellites and GS into account. For precoding, each satellite only requires its angle of departure (AoD) towards the GS and it turns out that almost optimal data rates can be achieved if the satellites transmit independent data streams. For the equalizer, the GS requires only knowledge about the angles of arrival (AoAs) from all satellites. Based on the underlying geometrical channel approximation, the optimal inter-satellite distance is obtained analytically. We show, that, by choosing a proper inter-satellite distance, the proposed low-complexity approach achieves the theoretical upper bound in terms of data rate. Furthermore, a novel approach to increase the robustness of the proposed precoder and equalizer against imperfect AoD and AoA knowledge is proposed, by exploiting the statistics of the estimation error.      
### 58.Design and Implementation of a Fuzzy Adaptive Controller for Time-Varying Formation Leader-Follower Configuration of Nonholonomic Mobile Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11174.pdf)
>  In this paper, a time-varying leader-follower formation control of nonholonomic mobile robots based on a trajectory tracking control strategy is considered. In the time-varying formation, the relative bearing and distance of each follower are variable parameters, and therefore, the followers can carry out various and complex behaviour even without changing the linear and angular velocities of the leader robot. After proposing the kinematic model of the time-varying leader-follower formation, the backstepping control method is exploited to keep the structure of the defined formation. The global stability of the formation is investigated using the Lyapunov theorem. Moreover, the designed nonlinear controller suffers from the ineffectual large input commands at the beginning of the formation. To rectify this problem, a fuzzy adaptive algorithm is proposed to improve the backstepping controller and the global stability of the resulting fuzzy adaptive backstepping controller is guaranteed. Considering the rate change of relative distance and bearing in the kinematic model of the leader-follower formation and controller design procedure, makes the formation more practical in dynamic and clutter environments, as well as capable of defining complicated behaviour for followers, and provides crash and obstacle avoidance without switching between different control strategies. Finally, the performance of the proposed kinematics model and designed controllers are investigated through simulations and experimental studies.      
### 59.Distributed Energy Resources Cybersecurity Outlook: Vulnerabilities, Attacks, Impacts, and Mitigations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11171.pdf)
>  The digitalization and decentralization of the electric power grid are key thrusts towards an economically and environmentally sustainable future. Towards this goal, distributed energy resources (DER), including rooftop solar panels, battery storage, electric vehicles, etc., are becoming ubiquitous in power systems, effectively replacing fossil-fuel based generation. Power utilities benefit from DERs as they minimize transmission costs, provide voltage support through ancillary services, and reduce operational risks via their autonomous operation. Similarly, DERs grant users and aggregators control over the power they produce and consume. Apart from their sustainability and operational objectives, the cybersecurity of DER-supported power systems is of cardinal importance. DERs are interconnected, interoperable, and support remotely controllable features, thus, their cybersecurity should be thoroughly considered. DER communication dependencies and the diversity of DER architectures (e.g., hardware/software components of embedded devices, inverters, controllable loads, etc.) widen the threat surface and aggravate the cybersecurity posture of power systems. In this work, we focus on security oversights that reside in the cyber and physical layers of DERs and can jeopardize grid operations. We analyze adversarial capabilities and objectives when manipulating DER assets, and then present how protocol and device -level vulnerabilities can materialize into cyberattacks impacting power system operations. Finally, we provide mitigation strategies to thwart adversaries and directions for future DER cybersecurity.      
### 60.Decoupling multivariate functions using a nonparametric filtered tensor decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11153.pdf)
>  Multivariate functions emerge naturally in a wide variety of data-driven models. Popular choices are expressions in the form of basis expansions or neural networks. While highly effective, the resulting functions tend to be hard to interpret, in part because of the large number of required parameters. Decoupling techniques aim at providing an alternative representation of the nonlinearity. The so-called decoupled form is often a more efficient parameterisation of the relationship while being highly structured, favouring interpretability. In this work two new algorithms, based on filtered tensor decompositions of first order derivative information are introduced. The method returns nonparametric estimates of smooth decoupled functions. Direct applications are found in, i.a. the fields of nonlinear system identification and machine learning.      
### 61.Nested Primal-dual Gradient Algorithms for Distributed Constraint-coupled Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11119.pdf)
>  We study a class of distributed optimization problems with a globally coupled equality constraint. A novel nested primal-dual gradient algorithm (NPGA) is proposed from the dual perspective, which can achieve linear convergence under a quite weak condition. Furthermore, the upper bounds of the step-sizes and the converge rate are explicitly given. It is worth noting that NPGA is not only an algorithm but also an algorithmic framework. By choosing different parameter matrices, we can obtain many different versions of NPGA, which offers us a chance to design more efficient algorithms. Finally, the convergence rates of NPGA and existing algorithms are compared in numerical experiments.      
### 62.Calibrate and Refine! A Novel and Agile Framework for ASR-error Robust Intent Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.11008.pdf)
>  The past ten years have witnessed the rapid development of text-based intent detection, whose benchmark performances have already been taken to a remarkable level by deep learning techniques. However, automatic speech recognition (ASR) errors are inevitable in real-world applications due to the environment noise, unique speech patterns and etc, leading to sharp performance drop in state-of-the-art text-based intent detection models. Essentially, this phenomenon is caused by the semantic drift brought by ASR errors and most existing works tend to focus on designing new model structures to reduce its impact, which is at the expense of versatility and flexibility. Different from previous one-piece model, in this paper, we propose a novel and agile framework called CR-ID for ASR error robust intent detection with two plug-and-play modules, namely semantic drift calibration module (SDCM) and phonemic refinement module (PRM), which are both model-agnostic and thus could be easily integrated to any existing intent detection models without modifying their structures. Experimental results on SNIPS dataset show that, our proposed CR-ID framework achieves competitive performance and outperform all the baseline methods on ASR outputs, which verifies that CR-ID can effectively alleviate the semantic drift caused by ASR errors.      
### 63.Distortion-Corrected Image Reconstruction with Deep Learning on an MRI-Linac  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10993.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is increasingly utilized for image-guided radiotherapy due to its outstanding soft-tissue contrast and lack of ionizing radiation. However, geometric distortions caused by gradient nonlinearity (GNL) limit anatomical accuracy, potentially compromising the quality of tumour treatments. In addition, slow MR acquisition and reconstruction limit the potential for real-time image guidance. Here, we demonstrate a deep learning-based method that rapidly reconstructs distortion-corrected images from raw k-space data for real-time MR-guided radiotherapy applications. We leverage recent advances in interpretable unrolling networks to develop a Distortion-Corrected Reconstruction Network (DCReconNet) that applies convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to learn effective regularizations and nonuniform fast Fourier transforms for GNL-encoding. DCReconNet was trained on a public MR brain dataset from eleven healthy volunteers for fully sampled and accelerated techniques including parallel imaging (PI) and compressed sensing (CS). The performance of DCReconNet was tested on phantom and volunteer brain data acquired on a 1.0T MRI-Linac. The DCReconNet, CS- and PI-based reconstructed image quality was measured by structural similarity (SSIM) and root-mean-squared error (RMSE) for numerical comparisons. The computation time for each method was also reported. Phantom and volunteer results demonstrated that DCReconNet better preserves image structure when compared to CS- and PI-based reconstruction methods. DCReconNet resulted in highest SSIM (0.95 median value) and lowest RMSE (&lt;0.04) on simulated brain images with four times acceleration. DCReconNet is over 100-times faster than iterative, regularized reconstruction methods. DCReconNet provides fast and geometrically accurate image reconstruction and has potential for real-time MRI-guided radiotherapy applications.      
### 64.Application of tropical optimization for solving multicriteria problems of pairwise comparisons using log-Chebyshev approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10969.pdf)
>  We consider a decision-making problem to find absolute ratings of alternatives that are compared in pairs under multiple criteria, subject to constraints in the form of two-sided bounds on ratios between the ratings. Given matrices of pairwise comparisons made according to the criteria, the problem is formulated as the log-Chebyshev approximation of these matrices by a common consistent matrix (a symmetrically reciprocal matrix of unit rank) to minimize the approximation errors for all matrices simultaneously. We rearrange the approximation problem as a constrained multiobjective optimization problem of finding a vector that determines the approximating consistent matrix. The optimization problem is then represented in the framework of tropical algebra concerning the theory and applications of algebraic systems with idempotent operations. We apply methods and results of tropical optimization to handle the multiobjective optimization problem according to various principles of optimality. Complete solutions in the sense of the max-ordering, lexicographic ordering and lexicographic max-ordering optimality are obtained, which are given in a compact vector form ready for formal analysis and efficient computation. We present numerical examples of solving a multi-criteria problem of rating four alternatives from pairwise comparisons.      
### 65.Fundamentals of Wobbling and Hardware Impairments-Aware Air-to-Ground Channel Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10957.pdf)
>  In this paper, we develop an impairments-aware air-to-ground unified channel model that incorporates the effect of both wobbling and hardware impairments, where the former is caused by random physical fluctuations of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), and the latter by intrinsic radio frequency (RF) nonidealities at both the transmitter and receiver, such as phase noise, in-phase/quadrature (I/Q) imbalance, and power amplifier (PA) nonlinearity. The impact of UAV wobbling is modeled by two stochastic processes, i.e., the canonical Wiener process and the more realistic sinusoidal process. On the other hand, the aggregate impact of all hardware impairments is modeled as two multiplicative and additive distortion noise processes, which is a well-accepted model. For the sake of generality, we consider both wide-sense stationary (WSS) and nonstationary processes for the distortion noises. We then rigorously characterize the autocorrelation function (ACF) of the wireless channel, using which we provide a comprehensive analysis of four key channel-related metrics: (i) power delay profile (PDP), (ii) coherence time, (iii) coherence bandwidth, and (iv) power spectral density (PSD) of the distortion-plus-noise process. Furthermore, we evaluate these metrics with reasonable UAV wobbling and hardware impairment models to obtain useful insights. Quite noticeably, we demonstrate that even for small UAV wobbling, the coherence time severely degrades at high frequencies, which renders air-to-ground channel estimation very difficult at these frequencies. To the best of our understanding, this is the first work that characterizes the joint impact of UAV wobbling and hardware impairments on the air-to-ground wireless channel.      
### 66.Inverse-Inverse Reinforcement Learning. How to Hide Strategy from an Adversarial Inverse Reinforcement Learner  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10802.pdf)
>  Inverse reinforcement learning (IRL) deals with estimating an agent's utility function from its actions. In this paper, we consider how an agent can hide its strategy and mitigate an adversarial IRL attack; we call this inverse IRL (I-IRL). How should the decision maker choose its response to ensure a poor reconstruction of its strategy by an adversary performing IRL to estimate the agent's strategy? This paper comprises four results: First, we present an adversarial IRL algorithm that estimates the agent's strategy while controlling the agent's utility function. Our second result for I-IRL result spoofs the IRL algorithm used by the adversary. Our I-IRL results are based on revealed preference theory in micro-economics. The key idea is for the agent to deliberately choose sub-optimal responses that sufficiently masks its true strategy. Third, we give a sample complexity result for our main I-IRL result when the agent has noisy estimates of the adversary specified utility function. Finally, we illustrate our I-IRL scheme in a radar problem where a meta-cognitive radar is trying to mitigate an adversarial target.      
### 67.Exploiting Constructive Interference for Backscatter Communication Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10741.pdf)
>  Backscatter communication (BackCom), one of the core technologies to realize zero-power communication, is expected to be a pivotal paradigm for the next generation of the Internet of Things (IoT). However, the "strong" direct link (DL) interference (DLI) is traditionally assumed to be harmful, and generally drowns out the "weak" backscattered signals accordingly, thus deteriorating the performance of BackCom. In contrast to the previous efforts to eliminate the DLI, in this paper, we exploit the constructive interference (CI), in which the DLI contributes to the backscattered signal. To be specific, our objective is to maximize the received signal power by jointly optimizing the receive beamforming vectors and tag selection factors, which is, however, non-convex and difficult to solve due to constraints on the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence. In order to solve this problem, we first decompose the original problem, and then propose two algorithms to solve the sub-problem with beamforming design via a change of variables and semi-definite programming (SDP) and a greedy algorithm to solve the sub-problem with tag selection. In order to gain insight into the CI, we consider a special case with the single-antenna reader to reveal the channel angle between the backscattering link (BL) and the DL, in which the DLI will become constructive. Simulation results show that significant performance gain can always be achieved in the proposed algorithms compared with the traditional algorithms without the DL in terms of the strength of the received signal. The derived constructive channel angle for the BackCom system with the single-antenna reader is also confirmed by simulation results.      
### 68.Exact SDP Formulation for Discrete-Time Covariance Steering with Wasserstein Terminal Cost  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10740.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present new results on the covariance steering problem with Wasserstein distance terminal cost. We show that the state history feedback control policy parametrization, which has been used before to solve this class of problems, requires an unnecessarily large number of variables and can be replaced by a randomized state feedback policy which leads to more tractable problem formulations without any performance loss. In particular, we show that under the latter policy, the problem can be equivalently formulated as a semi-definite program (SDP) which is in sharp contrast with our previous results that could only guarantee that the stochastic optimal control problem can be reduced to a difference of convex functions program. Then, we show that the optimal policy that is found by solving the associated SDP corresponds to a deterministic state feedback policy. Finally, we present non-trivial numerical simulations which show the benefits of our proposed randomized state feedback policy derived from the SDP formulation of the problem over existing approaches in the field in terms of computational efficacy and controller performance.      
### 69.A Novel Markov Model for Near-Term Railway Delay Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10682.pdf)
>  Predicting the near-future delay with accuracy for trains is momentous for railway operations and passengers' traveling experience. This work aims to design prediction models for train delays based on Netherlands Railway data. We first develop a chi-square test to show that the delay evolution over stations follows a first-order Markov chain. We then propose a delay prediction model based on non-homogeneous Markov chains. To deal with the sparsity of the transition matrices of the Markov chains, we propose a novel matrix recovery approach that relies on Gaussian kernel density estimation. Our numerical tests show that this recovery approach outperforms other heuristic approaches in prediction accuracy. The Markov chain model we propose also shows to be better than other widely-used time series models with respect to both interpretability and prediction accuracy. Moreover, our proposed model does not require a complicated training process, which is capable of handling large-scale forecasting problems.      
### 70.Self-Supervised Speech Representation Learning: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10643.pdf)
>  Although supervised deep learning has revolutionized speech and audio processing, it has necessitated the building of specialist models for individual tasks and application scenarios. It is likewise difficult to apply this to dialects and languages for which only limited labeled data is available. Self-supervised representation learning methods promise a single universal model that would benefit a wide variety of tasks and domains. Such methods have shown success in natural language processing and computer vision domains, achieving new levels of performance while reducing the number of labels required for many downstream scenarios. Speech representation learning is experiencing similar progress in three main categories: generative, contrastive, and predictive methods. Other approaches rely on multi-modal data for pre-training, mixing text or visual data streams with speech. Although self-supervised speech representation is still a nascent research area, it is closely related to acoustic word embedding and learning with zero lexical resources, both of which have seen active research for many years. This review presents approaches for self-supervised speech representation learning and their connection to other research areas. Since many current methods focus solely on automatic speech recognition as a downstream task, we review recent efforts on benchmarking learned representations to extend the application beyond speech recognition.      
### 71.Graph Neural Network Enhanced Approximate Message Passing for MIMO Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10620.pdf)
>  Efficient multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) detection algorithms with satisfactory performance and low complexity are critical for future multi-antenna systems to meet the high throughput and ultra-low latency requirements in 5G and beyond communications. In this paper, we propose a low complexity graph neural network (GNN) enhanced approximate message passing (AMP) algorithm, AMP-GNN, for MIMO detection. The structure of the neural network is customized by unfolding the AMP algorithm and introducing the GNN module to address the inaccuracy of the Gaussian approximation for multiuser interference cancellation. Numerical results will show that the proposed AMP-GNN significantly improves the performance of the AMP detector and achieves comparable performance as the state-of-the-art deep learning-based MIMO detectors but with reduced computational complexity.      
### 72.Brain Cortical Functional Gradients Predict Cortical Folding Patterns via Attention Mesh Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10605.pdf)
>  Since gyri and sulci, two basic anatomical building blocks of cortical folding patterns, were suggested to bear different functional roles, a precise mapping from brain function to gyro-sulcal patterns can provide profound insights into both biological and artificial neural networks. However, there lacks a generic theory and effective computational model so far, due to the highly nonlinear relation between them, huge inter-individual variabilities and a sophisticated description of brain function regions/networks distribution as mosaics, such that spatial patterning of them has not been considered. we adopted brain functional gradients derived from resting-state fMRI to embed the "gradual" change of functional connectivity patterns, and developed a novel attention mesh convolution model to predict cortical gyro-sulcal segmentation maps on individual brains. The convolution on mesh considers the spatial organization of functional gradients and folding patterns on a cortical sheet and the newly designed channel attention block enhances the interpretability of the contribution of different functional gradients to cortical folding prediction. Experiments show that the prediction performance via our model outperforms other state-of-the-art models. In addition, we found that the dominant functional gradients contribute less to folding prediction. On the activation maps of the last layer, some well-studied cortical landmarks are found on the borders of, rather than within, the highly activated regions. These results and findings suggest that a specifically designed artificial neural network can improve the precision of the mapping between brain functions and cortical folding patterns, and can provide valuable insight of brain anatomy-function relation for neuroscience.      
### 73.Evaluating Performance of Machine Learning Models for Diabetic Sensorimotor Polyneuropathy Severity Classification using Biomechanical Signals during Gait  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10581.pdf)
>  Diabetic sensorimotor polyneuropathy (DSPN) is one of the prevalent forms of neuropathy affected by diabetic patients that involves alterations in biomechanical changes in human gait. In literature, for the last 50 years, researchers are trying to observe the biomechanical changes due to DSPN by studying muscle electromyography (EMG), and ground reaction forces (GRF). However, the literature is contradictory. In such a scenario, we are proposing to use Machine learning techniques to identify DSPN patients by using EMG, and GRF data. We have collected a dataset consists of three lower limb muscles EMG (tibialis anterior (TA), vastus lateralis (VL), gastrocnemius medialis (GM) and 3-dimensional GRF components (GRFx, GRFy, and GRFz). Raw EMG and GRF signals were preprocessed, and a newly proposed feature extraction technique scheme from literature was applied to extract the best features from the signals. The extracted feature list was ranked using Relief feature ranking techniques, and highly correlated features were removed. We have trained different ML models to find out the best-performing model and optimized that model. We trained the optimized ML models for different combinations of muscles and GRF components features, and the performance matrix was evaluated. This study has found ensemble classifier model was performing in identifying DSPN Severity, and we optimized it before training. For EMG analysis, we have found the best accuracy of 92.89% using the Top 14 features for features from GL, VL and TA muscles combined. In the GRF analysis, the model showed 94.78% accuracy by using the Top 15 features for the feature combinations extracted from GRFx, GRFy and GRFz signals. The performance of ML-based DSPN severity classification models, improved significantly, indicating their reliability in DSPN severity classification, for biomechanical data.      
### 74.Towards Balanced Three-phase Charging: Phase Optimization in Adaptive Charging Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10499.pdf)
>  We study the problem of phase optimization for electric-vehicle (EV) charging. We formulate our problem as a non-convex mixed-integer programming problem whose objective is to minimize the charging loss. Despite the hardness of directly solving this non-convex problem, we solve a relaxation of the original problem by proposing the PXA algorithm where "P", "X", and "A" stand for three variable matrices in the formed phase optimization problems. We show that under certain conditions, the solution is given by the PXA precisely converges to the global optimum. In addition, using the idea of model predictive control (MPC), we design the {PXA-MPC}, which is an online implementation of the PXA. Compared to other empirical phase balancing strategies, the PXA algorithm significantly improves the charging performance by maximizing energy delivery, minimizing charging price, and assisting future energy planning. The efficacy of our algorithm is demonstrated using data collected from a real-world adaptive EV charging network (ACN).      
### 75.Modernizing Open-Set Speech Language Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10397.pdf)
>  While most modern speech Language Identification methods are closed-set, we want to see if they can be modified and adapted for the open-set problem. When switching to the open-set problem, the solution gains the ability to reject an audio input when it fails to match any of our known language options. We tackle the open-set task by adapting two modern-day state-of-the-art approaches to closed-set language identification: the first using a CRNN with attention and the second using a TDNN. In addition to enhancing our input feature embeddings using MFCCs, log spectral features, and pitch, we will be attempting two approaches to out-of-set language detection: one using thresholds, and the other essentially performing a verification task. We will compare both the performance of the TDNN and the CRNN, as well as our detection approaches.      
### 76.Deep Quality Estimation: Creating Surrogate Models for Human Quality Ratings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10355.pdf)
>  Human ratings are abstract representations of segmentation quality. To approximate human quality ratings on scarce expert data, we train surrogate quality estimation models. We evaluate on a complex multi-class segmentation problem, specifically glioma segmentation following the BraTS annotation protocol. The training data features quality ratings from 15 expert neuroradiologists on a scale ranging from 1 to 6 stars for various computer-generated and manual 3D annotations. Even though the networks operate on 2D images and with scarce training data, we can approximate segmentation quality within a margin of error comparable to human intra-rater reliability. Segmentation quality prediction has broad applications. While an understanding of segmentation quality is imperative for successful clinical translation of automatic segmentation quality algorithms, it can play an essential role in training new segmentation models. Due to the split-second inference times, it can be directly applied within a loss function or as a fully-automatic dataset curation mechanism in a federated learning setting.      
### 77.Global Contrast Masked Autoencoders Are Powerful Pathological Representation Learners  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09048.pdf)
>  Based on digital whole slide scanning technique, artificial intelligence algorithms represented by deep learning have achieved remarkable results in the field of computational pathology. Compared with other medical images such as Computed Tomography (CT) or Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), pathological images are more difficult to annotate, thus there is an extreme lack of data sets that can be used for supervised learning. In this study, a self-supervised learning (SSL) model, Global Contrast Masked Autoencoders (GCMAE), is proposed, which has the ability to represent both global and local domain-specific features of whole slide image (WSI), as well as excellent cross-data transfer ability. The Camelyon16 and NCTCRC datasets are used to evaluate the performance of our model. When dealing with transfer learning tasks with different data sets, the experimental results show that GCMAE has better linear classification accuracy than MAE, which can reach 81.10% and 89.22% respectively. Our method outperforms the previous state-of-the-art algorithm and even surpass supervised learning (improved by 3.86% on NCTCRC data sets). The source code of this paper is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/StarUniversus/gcmae" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 78.A Data-scalable Transformer for Medical Image Segmentation: Architecture, Model Efficiency, and Benchmark  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00131.pdf)
>  Transformer, as a new generation of neural architecture, has demonstrated remarkable performance in natural language processing and computer vision. However, existing vision Transformers struggle to learn with limited medical data and are unable to generalize on diverse medical image tasks. To tackle these challenges, we present UTNetV2 as a data-scalable Transformer towards generalizable medical image segmentation. The key designs incorporate desirable inductive bias, hierarchical modeling with linear-complexity attention, and multi-scale feature fusion in a spatially and semantically global manner. UTNetV2 can learn across tiny- to large-scale data without pre-training. Extensive experiments demonstrate the potential of UTNetV2 as a general segmentation backbone, outperforming CNNs and vision Transformers on three public datasets with multiple modalities (e.g., CT and MRI) and diverse medical targets (e.g., healthy organ, diseased tissue, and tumor). We make the data processing, models and evaluation pipeline publicly available, offering solid baselines and unbiased comparisons for promoting a wide range of downstream clinical applications.      
### 79.Asynchronous Iterations in Optimization: New Sequence Results and Sharper Algorithmic Guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2109.04522.pdf)
>  We introduce novel convergence results for asynchronous iterations which appear in the analysis of parallel and distributed optimization algorithms. The results are simple to apply and give explicit estimates for how the degree of asynchrony impacts the convergence rates of the iterates. Our results shorten, streamline and strengthen existing convergence proofs for several asynchronous optimization methods, and allow us to establish convergence guarantees for popular algorithms that were thus far lacking a complete theoretical understanding. Specifically, we use our results to derive better iteration complexity bounds for proximal incremental aggregated gradient methods, to provide less conservative analyses of the speedup conditions for asynchronous block-coordinate implementations of Krasnoselskii-Mann iterations, and to quantify the convergence rates for totally asynchronous iterations under various assumptions on communication delays and update rates.      
