# ArXiv eess --Mon, 23 May 2022
### 1.Self-supervised 3D anatomy segmentation using self-distilled masked image transformer (SMIT)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10342.pdf)
>  Vision transformers, with their ability to more efficiently model long-range context, have demonstrated impressive accuracy gains in several computer vision and medical image analysis tasks including segmentation. However, such methods need large labeled datasets for training, which is hard to obtain for medical image analysis. Self-supervised learning (SSL) has demonstrated success in medical image segmentation using convolutional networks. In this work, we developed a \underline{s}elf-distillation learning with \underline{m}asked \underline{i}mage modeling method to perform SSL for vision \underline{t}ransformers (SMIT) applied to 3D multi-organ segmentation from CT and MRI. Our contribution is a dense pixel-wise regression within masked patches called masked image prediction, which we combined with masked patch token distillation as pretext task to pre-train vision transformers. We show our approach is more accurate and requires fewer fine tuning datasets than other pretext tasks. Unlike prior medical image methods, which typically used image sets arising from disease sites and imaging modalities corresponding to the target tasks, we used 3,643 CT scans (602,708 images) arising from head and neck, lung, and kidney cancers as well as COVID-19 for pre-training and applied it to abdominal organs segmentation from MRI pancreatic cancer patients as well as publicly available 13 different abdominal organs segmentation from CT. Our method showed clear accuracy improvement (average DSC of 0.875 from MRI and 0.878 from CT) with reduced requirement for fine-tuning datasets over commonly used pretext tasks. Extensive comparisons against multiple current SSL methods were done. Code will be made available upon acceptance for publication.      
### 2.Data-driven Distributed Control to Scale EV Integration into Power Grid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10328.pdf)
>  Electric vehicles (EVs) are finally making their way onto the roads, but the challenges concerning long charging times and impact on congestion of the power distribution grid are still not resolved. Proposed solutions depend on heavy communication and rigorous computation and mostly need real-time connectivity for optimal operation; thereby, they are not scalable. With the availability of historical measurement data, EV chargers can take better-informed actions while staying mostly off-line. This study develops a distributed and data-driven congestion detection methodology together with the Additive Increase Multiplicative Decrease (AIMD) algorithm to control mass EV charging in a distribution grid. The proposed distributed AIMD algorithm performs very closely to the ideal AIMD in terms of fairness and congestion handling, and its communication need is significantly low. The results can provide crucial insights on how data can be used to reveal the inner dynamics and structure of the power grid and help develop more advanced data-driven algorithms for grid integrated power electronics control.      
### 3.Estimating electricity saving-potential in small offices using adaptive thermal comfort  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10324.pdf)
>  The smart control informed by IoT sensors and enabled by remotely controlled devices can optimize the building operation to minimize unnecessary energy consumption and improve indoor thermal comfort. This paper quantifies the potential for electricity savings in small office buildings from smart thermostat control and occupancy-informed smart plug control. This is done by simulating the effect of adaptive setpoint temperature, occupancy-based HVAC control, and night-purge free cooling on small office buildings across all major climate zones in the United States. Adopting these smart control measures can achieve 8.9% to 20.4% of savings in total electricity consumption of small office buildings, or equivalent to annual reductions between 12.2 kWh/m2 and 30.4 kWh/m2 in electricity usage intensity. Among all climate zones, the hot and dry climates benefit the most from proposed smart controls and achieve the highest percentages of electricity savings      
### 4.Low power communication signal enhancement method of Internet of things based on nonlocal mean denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10323.pdf)
>  In order to improve the transmission effect of low-power communication signal of Internet of things and compress the enhancement time of low-power communication signal, this paper designs a low-power communication signal enhancement method of Internet of things based on nonlocal mean denoising. Firstly, the residual of one-dimensional communication layer is pre processed by convolution core to obtain the residual of one-dimensional communication layer; Then, according to the two classification recognition method, the noise reduction signal feature recognition of the low-power communication signal of the Internet of things is realized, the non local mean noise reduction algorithm is used to remove the low-power communication signal of the Internet of things, and the weight value between similar blocks is calculated according to the European distance method. Finally, the low-power communication signal enhancement of the Internet of things is realized by the non local mean value denoising method. The experimental results show that the communication signal enhancement time overhead of this method is low, which is always less than 2.6s. The lowest bit error rate after signal enhancement is about 1%, and the signal-to-noise ratio is up to 18 dB, which shows that this method can achieve signal enhancement.      
### 5.User Localization using RF Sensing: A Performance comparison between LIS and mmWave Radars  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10321.pdf)
>  Since electromagnetic signals are omnipresent, Radio Frequency (RF)-sensing has the potential to become a universal sensing mechanism with applications in localization, smart-home, retail, gesture recognition, intrusion detection, etc. Two emerging technologies in RF-sensing, namely sensing through Large Intelligent Surfaces (LISs) and mmWave Frequency-Modulated Continuous-Wave (FMCW) radars, have been successfully applied to a wide range of applications. In this work, we compare LIS and mmWave radars for localization in real-world and simulated environments. In our experiments, the mmWave radar achieves 0.71 Intersection Over Union (IOU) and 3cm error for bounding boxes, while LIS has 0.56 IOU and 10cm distance error. Although the radar outperforms the LIS in terms of accuracy, LIS features additional applications in communication in addition to sensing scenarios.      
### 6.Self-supervised deep learning MRI reconstruction with Noisier2Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10278.pdf)
>  In recent years, there has been attention on leveraging the statistical modeling capabilities of neural networks for reconstructing sub-sampled Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) data. Most proposed methods assume the existence of a representative fully-sampled dataset and use fully-supervised training. However, for many applications, fully sampled training data is not available, and may be highly impractical to acquire. The development of self-supervised methods, which use only sub-sampled data for training, are therefore highly desirable. This work extends the Noisier2Noise framework, which was originally constructed for self-supervised denoising tasks, to variable density sub-sampled MRI data. Further, we use the Noisier2Noise framework to analytically explain the performance of Self-Supervised Learning via Data Undersampling (SSDU), a recently proposed method that performs well in practice but until now lacked theoretical justification. We also use Noisier2Noise to propose a modification of SSDU that we find substantially improves its reconstruction quality and robustness, offering a test set mean-squared-error within 1% of fully supervised training on the fastMRI brain dataset.      
### 7.Stochastic MPC with robustness to bounded parametric uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10275.pdf)
>  The performance of model-based control techniques strongly depends on the quality of the employed dynamics model. If strong guarantees are desired, it is therefore common to robustly treat all possible sources of uncertainty, such as model inaccuracies or external disturbances. This, however, can result in overly conservative control strategies. In this paper, we present a stochastic model predictive control approach for discrete-time LTI systems subject to bounded parametric uncertainty and potentially unbounded stochastic additive noise. The proposed scheme makes use of homothetic tubes along the prediction horizon for a robust treatment of parametric uncertainty. Stochastic noise is handled by non-conservatively tightening constraints using the concept of probabilistic reachable sets (PRS). In order to accommodate all possible parametric uncertainties, we provide a strategy for generating "robustified" PRS based only on first and second moments of the noise sequence. In the case of quadratic cost functions, and under a further i.i.d. assumption on the noise distribution, we also provide an average asymptotic performance bound for the l2-norm of the closed-loop state. Finally, we demonstrate our scheme on both an illustrative example, and in a building temperature control problem.      
### 8.Near-field focusing using phased arrays with dynamic polarization control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10243.pdf)
>  Phased arrays in near-field communication allow the transmitter to focus wireless signals in a small region around the receiver. Proper focusing is achieved by carefully tuning the phase shifts and the polarization of the signals transmitted from the phased array. In this paper, we study the impact of polarization on near-field focusing and investigate the use of dynamic polarization control (DPC) phased arrays in this context. Our studies indicate that the optimal polarization configuration for near-field focusing varies spatially across the antenna array. Such a spatial variation motivates the need for DPC phased arrays which allow independent polarization control across different antennas. We show using simulations that DPC phased arrays in the near-field achieve a higher received signal-to-noise ratio than conventional switched- or dual-polarization phased arrays.      
### 9.Analysis Social Sparsity Audio Declipper  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10215.pdf)
>  We develop the analysis (cosparse) variant of the popular audio declipping algorithm of Siedenburg et al. Furthermore, we extend it by the possibility of weighting the time-frequency coefficients. We examine the audio reconstruction performance of several combinations of weights and shrinkage operators. We show that weights improve the reconstruction quality in some cases; however, the overall scores achieved by the non-weighted are not surpassed. Yet, the analysis Empirical Wiener (EW) shrinkage was able to reach the quality of a computationally more expensive competitor, the Persistent Empirical Wiener (PEW). Moreover, the proposed analysis variant using PEW slightly outperforms the synthesis counterpart in terms of an auditory-motivated metric.      
### 10.Beam Training and Tracking in MmWave Communication: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10169.pdf)
>  Communicating on millimeter wave (mmWave) bands is ushering in a new epoch of mobile communication which provides the availability of 10 Gbps high data rate transmission. However, mmWave links are easily prone to short transmission range communication because of the serious free space path loss and the blockage by obstacles. To overcome these challenges, highly directional beams are exploited to achieve robust links by hybrid beamforming. Accurately aligning the transmitter and receiver beams, i.e. beam training, is vitally important to high data rate transmission. However, it may cause huge overhead which has negative effects on initial access, handover, and tracking. Besides, the mobility patterns of users are complicated and dynamic, which may cause tracking error and large tracking latency. An efficient beam tracking method has a positive effect on sustaining robust links. This article provides an overview of the beam training and tracking technologies on mmWave bands and reveals the insights for future research in the 6th Generation (6G) mobile network. Especially, some open research problems are proposed to realize fast, accurate, and robust beam training and tracking. We hope that this survey provides guidelines for the researchers in the area of mmWave communications.      
### 11.Large-Signal Stability Analysis of Current-Mode DC-DC Converters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10155.pdf)
>  Stability guarantees are critical for current-mode dc-dc converters in consumer electronics and energy storage systems. Traditional stability analysis on current-mode dc-dc converters is incomplete because the inductor current ramps are considered fixed; but instead, inductor ramps are not fixed because they are dependent on the output voltage in large-signal transients. We demonstrate a new large-signal stability theory which treats current-mode dc-dc converters as a particular type of feedback interconnection system. An analytical and practical stability criterion is provided based on this system. The criterion indicates that the L/R and RC time constants are the design parameters which determine the amount of coupling between the current ramp and the output voltage.      
### 12.Instantaneous GNSS Ambiguity Resolution and Attitude Determination via Riemannian Manifold Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10141.pdf)
>  We present an ambiguity resolution method for Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS)-based attitude determination. A GNSS attitude model with nonlinear constraints is used to rigorously incorporate a priori information. Given the characteristics of the employed nonlinear constraints, we formulate GNSS attitude determination as an optimization problem on a manifold. Then, Riemannian manifold optimization algorithms are utilized to aid ambiguity resolution based on a proposed decomposition of the objective function. The application of manifold geometry enables high-quality float solutions that are critical to reinforcing search-based integer ambiguity resolution in terms of efficiency, availability, and reliability. The proposed approach is characterized by a low computational complexity and a high probability of resolving the ambiguities correctly. The performance of the proposed ambiguity resolution method is tested through a series of simulations and real experiments. Comparisons with the principal benchmarks indicate the superiority of the proposed method as reflected by the high ambiguity resolution success rates.      
### 13.Topology-aware Graph Neural Networks for Learning Feasible and Adaptive ac-OPF Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10129.pdf)
>  Solving the optimal power flow (OPF) problem is a fundamental task to ensure the system efficiency and reliability in real-time electricity grid operations. We develop a new topology-informed graph neural network (GNN) approach for predicting the optimal solutions of real-time ac-OPF problem. To incorporate grid topology to the NN model, the proposed GNN-for-OPF framework innovatively exploits the locality property of locational marginal prices and voltage magnitude. Furthermore, we develop a physics-aware (ac-)flow feasibility regularization approach for general OPF learning. The advantages of our proposed designs include reduced model complexity, improved generalizability and feasibility guarantees. By providing the analytical understanding on the graph subspace stability under grid topology contingency, we show the proposed GNN can quickly adapt to varying grid topology by an efficient re-training strategy. Numerical tests on various test systems of different sizes have validated the prediction accuracy, improved flow feasibility, and topology adaptivity capability of our proposed GNN-based learning framework.      
### 14.Approximate Dynamic Programming for Constrained Linear Systems: A Piecewise Quadratic Approximation Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10065.pdf)
>  Approximate dynamic programming (ADP) faces challenges in dealing with constraints in control problems. Model predictive control (MPC) is, in comparison, well-known for its accommodation of constraints and stability guarantees, although its computation is sometimes prohibitive. This paper introduces an approach combining the two methodologies to overcome their individual limitations. The predictive control law for constrained linear quadratic regulation (CLQR) problems has been proven to be piecewise affine (PWA) while the value function is piecewise quadratic. We exploit these formal results from MPC to design an ADP method for CLQR problems. A novel convex and piecewise quadratic neural network with a local-global architecture is proposed to provide an accurate approximation of the value function, which is used as the cost-to-go function in the online dynamic programming problem. An efficient decomposition algorithm is developed to speed up the online computation. Rigorous stability analysis of the closed-loop system is conducted for the proposed control scheme under the condition that a good approximation of the value function is achieved. Comparative simulations are carried out to demonstrate the potential of the proposed method in terms of online computation and optimality.      
### 15.A cloud-assisted ADS-B network for UAVs based on SDR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10064.pdf)
>  Integration of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) or "drones" into the civil aviation airspace is a problem of increasing interest in the aviation community, as testified by many initiatives developed worldwide. Many traditional surveillance solutions for manned aircrafts employ the Automatic Dependent System-Broadcast (ADS-B) technology, which however might present several drawbacks when used for UAVs, especially smaller ones and/or those flying at very low altitudes. We present in this paper a cloud-based surveillance solution for UAVs, which can be considered as an enhancement of a conventional ADS-B system. The proposed solution leverages inexpensive on-board transceivers for transmitting positional messages from the UAVs to the ground. A network of ADS-B gateways, based on the software-defined radio (SDR) paradigm, format the positional messages into valid ADS-B signals and rebroadcast them in the air, allowing thus to emulate a true ADS-B system and overcoming the main disadvantages of the conventional implementation. A preliminary performance analysis of the proposed approach, based on queuing theory, shows the main tradeoffs of the considered approach. Moreover, a physical-layer laboratory implementation of the proposed solution is presented, based on off-the-shelf SDR hardware, which is programmed using the open-source GNU Radio environment.      
### 16.Distributed Optimization in Distribution Systems with Grid-Forming and Grid-Supporting Inverters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09981.pdf)
>  With massive penetrations of active grid-edge technologies, distributed computing and optimization paradigm has gained significant attention to solve distribution-level optimal power flow (OPF) problems. However, the application of generic distributed optimization techniques to OPF problems leads to a very large number of macro-iterations or communication rounds among the distributed computing agents delaying the decision-making process or resulting in suboptimal solutions. Moreover, the existing distribution-level OPF problems typically model inverter-interfaced distributed energy resources (DERs) as grid-following inverters; grid-supporting and grid-forming functionalities have not been explicitly considered. The added complexities introduced by different inverter models require further attention to developing an appropriate model for new types of inverter-based DERs and computationally-tractable OPF algorithms. In this paper, we expand the distribution-level OPF model to include a combination of the grid-forming, grid-supporting, grid-following inverter-based DERs and also present the application of a domain-specific problem decomposition and distributed algorithm for the topologically radial power distribution systems to efficiently solve distribution-level OPF problem.      
### 17.A Framework for Amalgamating Optical-OFDM and Optical-OFDM with Index Modulation for Optical Wireless Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09976.pdf)
>  In this communication, we propose a framework for amalgamating optical-orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing (O-OFDM) and O-OFDM with index modulation (O-OFDM-IM) for optical wireless systems. Both schemes individually have some limitations, e.g., O-OFDM does not provide any granularity for spectral efficiency (SE)/energy efficiency (EE) trade-off, and O-OFDM-IM loses EE for higher order modulation alphabets. By combining O-OFDM and O-OFDM-IM together, the above limitations can be circumvented. Following on from providing the general framework, we use asymmetrically clipped (AC)O-OFDM and ACO-OFDM-IM to demonstrate the validity of the framework. The results presented herein establish that, by consolidating O-OFDM and O-OFDM-IM, in addition to providing SE/EE trade-off, we may realise higher SE and outperform O-OFDM-IM in terms of EE for high SE.      
### 18.A Subspace Method for Time Series Anomaly Detection in Cyber-Physical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09959.pdf)
>  Time series anomaly detection is an important process for system monitoring and model switching, among other applications in cyber-physical systems. In this document, we present a fast subspace method for time series anomaly detection, with a relatively low computational cost, that has been designed for anomaly detection in real sensor signals corresponding to dynamical systems. We also present some general results corresponding to the theoretical foundations of our method, together with a prototypical algorithm to for time series anomaly detection. Some numerical examples corresponding to applications of the prototypical algorithm are presented, and some computational tools based on the theory and algorithms presented in this paper, are provided.      
### 19.Long Run Incremental Cost (LRIC) Distribution Network Pricing in UK, advising China's Distribution Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09946.pdf)
>  Electricity distribution network system is considered one of the key component of the modern electrical power system. Due to increase in the energy demand, penetration of renewable energy resources into the power system has been extensively increasing in recent years. More and more distributed generations (DGs) are joining the distribution network to create balance in the power system and meet the supply and demand of consumers. Today, large amount of DGs inclusion in the distribution network system has completely modernized power system resulting in a decentralize electricity market. Hence, Government of UK is pressurizing 14 distribution network operators (DNOs) to include more DGs into their distribution network system. DGs inclusion in the network system might be helpful due to many factors, but it creates many challenges for distribution network system in the long term. The network security is realized to be one of the challenge that impact the efficiency of accurate calculation and distribution of network pricing among consumers. To address the aforementioned issue, this research analysed the network security on the basis of Long run incremental cost (LRIC) pricing to balance and reduce the network pricing for the DNOs in UK. However, this study presented an approach of Deep reinforcement learning (DRL) also called deep reinforcement learning algorithm (DQN) to optimize the reactive power values in the network to balance and reduce the network pricing while keeping the network security. The method considers IEEE14 bus as its mathematical model and practically simulates the method in MATLAB using DQN algorithm pseudo codes. The network security has been analysed with and without security factor before and after the nodal injection into the network.      
### 20.Stability Enforced Bandit Algorithms for Channel Selection in Remote State Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09923.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider a remote state estimation problem where a sensor can, at each discrete time instant, transmit on one out of M different communication channels. A key difficulty of the situation at hand is that the channel statistics are unknown. We study the case where both learning of the channel reception probabilities and state estimation is carried out simultaneously. Methods for choosing the channels based on techniques for multi-armed bandits are presented, and shown to provide stability of the remote estimator. Furthermore, we define the performance notion of estimation regret, and derive bounds on how it scales with time for the considered algorithms.      
### 21.Modulation and Classification of Mixed Signals Based on Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09916.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of information nowadays, spectrum resources are becoming more and more scarce, leading to a shift in the research direction from the modulation classification of a single signal to the modulation classification of multiple signals on the same channel. Therefore, the emergence of an effective mixed signals automatic modulation classification technology have important significance. Considering that NOMA technology has deeper requirements for the modulation classification of mixed signals under different power, this paper mainly introduces and uses a variety of deep learning networks to classify such mixed signals. First, the modulation classification of a single signal based on the existing CNN model is reproduced. We then develop new methods to improve the basic CNN structure and apply it to the modulation classification of mixed signals. Meanwhile, the effects of the number of training sets, the type of training sets and the training methods on the recognition accuracy of mixed signals are studied. Second, we investigate some deep learning models based on CNN (ResNet34, hierarchical structure) and other deep learning models (LSTM, CLDNN). It can be seen although the time and space complexity of these algorithms have increased, different deep learning models have different effects on the modulation classification problem of mixed signals at different power. Generally speaking, higher accuracy gains can be achieved.      
### 22.A BCS-GDE Multi-objective Optimization Algorithm for Combined Cooling, Heating and Power Model with Decision Strategies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09895.pdf)
>  District energy systems can not only reduce energy consumption but also set energy supply dispatching schemes according to demand. In addition to economic cost, energy consumption and pollutant are more worthy of attention when evaluating combined cooling, heating and power (CCHP) models. In this paper, the CCHP model is established with the objective of economic cost, primary energy consumption, and pollutant emissions. The mathematical expression of the CCHP system is proposed, and a multi-objective optimization model with constraints is established. According to different usage requirements, two decision-making strategies are designed, which can adapt to different scenarios. Besides, a generalized differential evolution with the best compromise solution processing mechanism (BCS-GDE) algorithm is proposed to optimize the CCHP model for the first time. The algorithm provides the optimal energy scheduling scheme by optimizing the production capacity of different capacity equipment. The simulation is conducted in three application scenarios: hotels, offices, and residential buildings. The simulation results show that the model established in this paper can reduce economic cost by 72%, primary energy consumption by 73%, and pollutant emission by 88%. Concurrently, the Wilcoxon signed-rank test shows that BCSGDE is significantly better than OMOPSO, NSGA-II, and SPEA2 with greater than 95% confidence.      
### 23.Location-Aided Beamforming in Mobile Millimeter-Wave Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09887.pdf)
>  Due to the large bandwidth available, millimeter-Wave (mmWave) bands are considered a viable opportunity to significantly increase the data rate in cellular and wireless networks. Nevertheless, the need for beamforming and directional communication between the transmitter and the receiver increases the complexity of the channel estimation and link establishment phase. Location-aided beamforming approaches have the potential to enable fast link establishment in mmWave networks. However, these are often very sensitive to location errors. In this work, we propose a beamforming algorithm based on tracking spatial correlation of the available strong paths between the transmitter and the receiver. We show that our method is robust to uncertainty in location information, i.e., location error and can provide a reliable connection to a moving user along a trajectory. The numerical results show that our approach outperforms benchmarks on various levels of error in the location information accuracy. The gain is more prominent in high location error scenarios.      
### 24.Content-Context Factorized Representations for Automated Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09872.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have largely demonstrated their ability to perform automated speech recognition (ASR) by extracting meaningful features from input audio frames. Such features, however, may consist not only of information about the spoken language content, but also may contain information about unnecessary contexts such as background noise and sounds or speaker identity, accent, or protected attributes. Such information can directly harm generalization performance, by introducing spurious correlations between the spoken words and the context in which such words were spoken. In this work, we introduce an unsupervised, encoder-agnostic method for factoring speech-encoder representations into explicit content-encoding representations and spurious context-encoding representations. By doing so, we demonstrate improved performance on standard ASR benchmarks, as well as improved performance in both real-world and artificially noisy ASR scenarios.      
### 25.Human Gender Prediction Based on Deep Transfer Learning from Panoramic Radiograph Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09850.pdf)
>  Panoramic Dental Radiography (PDR) image processing is one of the most extensively used manual methods for gender determination in forensic medicine. Manual approaches require a wide range of mandibular parameter measurements in metric units. Besides being time-consuming, these methods also necessitate the employment of experienced professionals. In this context, deep learning models are widely utilized in the auto-analysis of radiological images nowadays, owing to their high processing speed, accuracy, and stability. In our study, a data set consisting of 24,000 dental panoramic images was prepared for binary classification, and the transfer learning method was used to accelerate the training and increase the performance of our proposed DenseNet121 deep learning model. With the transfer learning method, instead of starting the learning process from scratch, the existing patterns learned beforehand were used. Extensive comparisons were made using deep transfer learning (DTL) models VGG16, ResNet50, and EfficientNetB6 to assess the classification performance of the proposed model in PDR images. According to the findings of the comparative analysis, the proposed model outperformed the other approaches by achieving a success rate of 97.25% in gender classification.      
### 26.Generation of Artificial CT Images using Patch-based Conditional Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09842.pdf)
>  Deep learning has a great potential to alleviate diagnosis and prognosis for various clinical procedures. However, the lack of a sufficient number of medical images is the most common obstacle in conducting image-based analysis using deep learning. Due to the annotations scarcity, semi-supervised techniques in the automatic medical analysis are getting high attention. Artificial data augmentation and generation techniques such as generative adversarial networks (GANs) may help overcome this obstacle. In this work, we present an image generation approach that uses generative adversarial networks with a conditional discriminator where segmentation masks are used as conditions for image generation. We validate the feasibility of GAN-enhanced medical image generation on whole heart computed tomography (CT) images and its seven substructures, namely: left ventricle, right ventricle, left atrium, right atrium, myocardium, pulmonary arteries, and aorta. Obtained results demonstrate the suitability of the proposed adversarial approach for the accurate generation of high-quality CT images. The presented method shows great potential to facilitate further research in the domain of artificial medical image generation.      
### 27.Voice Activity Projection: Self-supervised Learning of Turn-taking Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09812.pdf)
>  The modeling of turn-taking in dialog can be viewed as the modeling of the dynamics of voice activity of the interlocutors. We extend prior work and define the predictive task of Voice Activity Projection, a general, self-supervised objective, as a way to train turn-taking models without the need of labeled data. We highlight a theoretical weakness with prior approaches, arguing for the need of modeling the dependency of voice activity events in the projection window. We propose four zero-shot tasks, related to the prediction of upcoming turn-shifts and backchannels, and show that the proposed model outperforms prior work.      
### 28.End-to-End Zero-Shot Voice Style Transfer with Location-Variable Convolutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09784.pdf)
>  Zero-shot voice conversion is becoming an increasingly popular research direction, as it promises the ability to transform speech to match the voice style of any speaker. However, little work has been done on end-to-end methods for this task, which are appealing because they remove the need for a separate vocoder to generate audio from intermediate features. In this work, we propose Location-Variable Convolution-based Voice Conversion (LVC-VC), a model for performing end-to-end zero-shot voice conversion that is based on a neural vocoder. LVC-VC utilizes carefully designed input features that have disentangled content and speaker style information, and the vocoder-like architecture learns to combine them to simultaneously perform voice conversion while synthesizing audio. To the best of our knowledge, LVC-VC is one of the first models to be proposed that can perform zero-shot voice conversion in an end-to-end manner, and it is the first to do so using a vocoder-like neural framework. Experiments show that our model achieves competitive or better voice style transfer performance compared to several baselines while maintaining the intelligibility of transformed speech much better.      
### 29.Diverse super-resolution with pretrained deep hiererarchical VAEs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10347.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution is a one-to-many problem, but most deep-learning based methods only provide one single solution to this problem. In this work, we tackle the problem of diverse super-resolution by reusing VD-VAE, a state-of-the art variational autoencoder (VAE). We find that the hierarchical latent representation learned by VD-VAE naturally separates the image low-frequency information, encoded in the latent groups at the top of the hierarchy, from the image high-frequency details, determined by the latent groups at the bottom of the latent hierarchy. Starting from this observation, we design a super-resolution model exploiting the specific structure of VD-VAE latent space. Specifically, we train an encoder to encode low-resolution images in the subset of VD-VAE latent space encoding the low-frequency information, and we combine this encoder with VD-VAE generative model to sample diverse super-resolved version of a low-resolution input. We demonstrate the ability of our method to generate diverse solutions to the super-resolution problem on face super-resolution with upsampling factors x4, x8, and x16.      
### 30.Classifying Human Activities using Machine Learning and Deep Learning Techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10325.pdf)
>  Human Activity Recognition (HAR) describes the machines ability to recognize human actions. Nowadays, most people on earth are health conscious, so people are more interested in tracking their daily activities using Smartphones or Smart Watches, which can help them manage their daily routines in a healthy way. With this objective, Kaggle has conducted a competition to classify 6 different human activities distinctly based on the inertial signals obtained from 30 volunteers smartphones. The main challenge in HAR is to overcome the difficulties of separating human activities based on the given data such that no two activities overlap. In this experimentation, first, Data visualization is done on expert generated features with the help of t distributed Stochastic Neighborhood Embedding followed by applying various Machine Learning techniques like Logistic Regression, Linear SVC, Kernel SVM, Decision trees to better classify the 6 distinct human activities. Moreover, Deep Learning techniques like Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM), Bi-Directional LSTM, Recurrent Neural Network (RNN), and Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) are trained using raw time series data. Finally, metrics like Accuracy, Confusion matrix, precision and recall are used to evaluate the performance of the Machine Learning and Deep Learning models. Experiment results proved that the Linear Support Vector Classifier in machine learning and Gated Recurrent Unit in Deep Learning provided better accuracy for human activity recognition compared to other classifiers.      
### 31.Semi-Blind Joint Channel and Symbol Estimation for IRS-Assisted MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10290.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) is a promising technology for the 6th generation of wireless systems, realizing the smart radio environment concept. In this paper, we present a novel tensor-based receiver for IRS-assisted multiple-input multiple-output communications capable of jointly estimating the channels and the transmitted data streams in a semi-blind fashion. Assuming a fully passive IRS architecture and introducing a simple space-time coding scheme at the transmitter, the received signal model can be advantageously built using the PARATUCK tensor model, which can be seen as a hybrid of parallel factor analysis and Tucker models. Exploiting the algebraic structure of the PARATUCK tensor model, a semi-blind receiver is derived. The proposed receiver is based on a trilinear alternating least squares method that iteratively estimates the two involved - IRS- base station and user terminal-IRS-communication channels and the transmitted symbol matrix. We discuss identifiability conditions that ensure the joint semi-blind recovery of the involved channel and symbol matrices, and propose a joint design of the coding and IRS reflection matrices to optimize the receiver performance. For the proposed semi-blind receiver, the derivation of the expected Cramér-Rao lower bound is also provided. A numerical performance evaluation of the proposed receiver design corroborates its superior performance in terms of the normalized mean squared error of the estimated channels and the achieved symbol error rate.      
### 32.Estimation of binary time-frequency masks from ambient noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10205.pdf)
>  We investigate the retrieval of a binary time-frequency mask from a few observations of filtered white ambient noise. Confirming household wisdom in acoustic modeling, we show that this is possible by inspecting the average spectrogram of ambient noise. Specifically, we show that the lower quantile of the average of $\mathcal{O}(\log(|\Omega|/\varepsilon))$ masked spectrograms is enough to identify a rather general mask $\Omega$ with confidence at least $\varepsilon$, up to shape details concentrated near the boundary of $\Omega$. As an application, the expected measure of the estimation error is dominated by the perimeter of the time-frequency mask. The estimator requires no knowledge of the noise variance, and only a very qualitative profile of the filtering window, but no exact knowledge of it.      
### 33.How to Guide Adaptive Depth Sampling?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10202.pdf)
>  Recent advances in depth sensing technologies allow fast electronic maneuvering of the laser beam, as opposed to fixed mechanical rotations. This will enable future sensors, in principle, to vary in real-time the sampling pattern. We examine here the abstract problem of whether adapting the sampling pattern for a given frame can reduce the reconstruction error or allow a sparser pattern. We propose a constructive generic method to guide adaptive depth sampling algorithms. <br>Given a sampling budget B, a depth predictor P and a desired quality measure M, we propose an Importance Map that highlights important sampling locations. This map is defined for a given frame as the per-pixel expected value of M produced by the predictor P, given a pattern of B random samples. This map can be well estimated in a training phase. We show that a neural network can learn to produce a highly faithful Importance Map, given an RGB image. We then suggest an algorithm to produce a sampling pattern for the scene, which is denser in regions that are harder to reconstruct. The sampling strategy of our modular framework can be adjusted according to hardware limitations, type of depth predictor, and any custom reconstruction error measure that should be minimized. We validate through simulations that our approach outperforms grid and random sampling patterns as well as recent state-of-the-art adaptive algorithms.      
### 34.A Look Inside 5G Standards to Support Time Synchronization for Smart Manufacturing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10154.pdf)
>  Connectivity has a major role in the current transformation of smart manufacturing. 5G is foreseen as an integral part of an end-to-end networking infrastructure supporting smart manufacturing operation. The integration of 5G with time-sensitive networking (TSN)is seen as a holistic communication solution for smart factories. The next generation of industrialization consists of real-time processes, automation, fixed and cellular networks, and high diversity of devices. The integration of fixed and cellular devices in a single infrastructure to enable end-to-end deterministic communications requires high accuracy of time synchronization. The transport technologies in fixed networks have been evolving toward TSN and deterministic networking to fulfill the requirements for industrial communications. The latest cellular specifications for 5G are targeting ultra-reliable and low-latency communications that enable the Industrial Internet of Things. This article describes the state of the art for integrating TSN with 5G networks based on the support given in 3GPP TS 23.501 Release 16. The requirements for time synchronization in factory automation and integration with 5G networks are presented, together with the most recent advancements in the standardization process.      
### 35.Revisiting GANs by Best-Response Constraint: Perspective, Methodology, and Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10146.pdf)
>  In past years, the minimax type single-level optimization formulation and its variations have been widely utilized to address Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Unfortunately, it has been proved that these alternating learning strategies cannot exactly reveal the intrinsic relationship between the generator and discriminator, thus easily result in a series of issues, including mode collapse, vanishing gradients and oscillations in the training phase, etc. In this work, by investigating the fundamental mechanism of GANs from the perspective of hierarchical optimization, we propose Best-Response Constraint (BRC), a general learning framework, that can explicitly formulate the potential dependency of the generator on the discriminator. Rather than adopting these existing time-consuming bilevel iterations, we design an implicit gradient scheme with outer-product Hessian approximation as our fast solution strategy. \emph{Noteworthy, we demonstrate that even with different motivations and formulations, a variety of existing GANs ALL can be uniformly improved by our flexible BRC methodology.} Extensive quantitative and qualitative experimental results verify the effectiveness, flexibility and stability of our proposed framework.      
### 36.Reliability-based Mesh-to-Grid Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10138.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method for the reconstruction of images from samples located at non-integer positions, called mesh. This is a common scenario for many image processing applications, such as super-resolution, warping or virtual view generation in multi-camera systems. The proposed method relies on a set of initial estimates that are later refined by a new reliability-based content-adaptive framework that employs denoising in order to reduce the reconstruction error. The reliability of the initial estimate is computed so stronger denoising is applied to less reliable estimates. The proposed technique can improve the reconstruction quality by more than 2 dB (in terms of PSNR) with respect to the initial estimate and it outperforms the state-of-the-art denoising-based refinement by up to 0.7 dB.      
### 37.Privacy Preserving Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10120.pdf)
>  Image registration is a key task in medical imaging applications, allowing to represent medical images in a common spatial reference frame. Current literature on image registration is generally based on the assumption that images are usually accessible to the researcher, from which the spatial transformation is subsequently estimated. This common assumption may not be met in current practical applications, since the sensitive nature of medical images may ultimately require their analysis under privacy constraints, preventing to share the image content in clear form. In this work, we formulate the problem of image registration under a privacy preserving regime, where images are assumed to be confidential and cannot be disclosed in clear. We derive our privacy preserving image registration framework by extending classical registration paradigms to account for advanced cryptographic tools, such as secure multi-party computation and homomorphic encryption, that enable the execution of operations without leaking the underlying data. To overcome the problem of performance and scalability of cryptographic tools in high dimensions, we first propose to optimize the underlying image registration operations using gradient approximations. We further revisit the use of homomorphic encryption and use a packing method to allow the encryption and multiplication of large matrices more efficiently. We demonstrate our privacy preserving framework in linear and non-linear registration problems, evaluating its accuracy and scalability with respect to standard image registration. Our results show that privacy preserving image registration is feasible and can be adopted in sensitive medical imaging applications.      
### 38.Testing predictive automated driving systems: lessons learned and future recommendations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10115.pdf)
>  Conventional vehicles are certified through classical approaches, where different physical certification tests are set up on test tracks to assess required safety levels. These approaches are well suited for vehicles with limited complexity and limited interactions with other entities as last-second resources. However, these approaches do not allow to evaluate safety with real behaviors for critical and edge cases, nor to evaluate the ability to anticipate them in the mid or long term. This is particularly relevant for automated and autonomous driving functions that make use of advanced predictive systems to anticipate future actions and motions to be considered in the path planning layer. In this paper, we present and analyze the results of physical tests on proving grounds of several predictive systems in automated driving functions developed within the framework of the BRAVE project. Based on our experience in testing predictive automated driving functions, we identify the main limitations of current physical testing approaches when dealing with predictive systems, analyze the main challenges ahead, and provide a set of practical actions and recommendations to consider in future physical testing procedures for automated and autonomous driving functions.      
### 39.Degradation-Aware Unfolding Half-Shuffle Transformer for Spectral Compressive Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10102.pdf)
>  In coded aperture snapshot spectral compressive imaging (CASSI) systems, hyperspectral image (HSI) reconstruction methods are employed to recover the spatial-spectral signal from a compressed measurement. Among these algorithms, deep unfolding methods demonstrate promising performance but suffer from two issues. Firstly, they do not estimate the degradation patterns and ill-posedness degree from the highly related CASSI to guide the iterative learning. Secondly, they are mainly CNN-based, showing limitations in capturing long-range dependencies. In this paper, we propose a principled Degradation-Aware Unfolding Framework (DAUF) that estimates parameters from the compressed image and physical mask, and then uses these parameters to control each iteration. Moreover, we customize a novel Half-Shuffle Transformer (HST) that simultaneously captures local contents and non-local dependencies. By plugging HST into DAUF, we establish the first Transformer-based deep unfolding method, Degradation-Aware Unfolding Half-Shuffle Transformer (DAUHST), for HSI reconstruction. Experiments show that DAUHST significantly surpasses state-of-the-art methods while requiring cheaper computational and memory costs. Code and models will be released to the public.      
### 40.Correct by Design Coordination of Autonomous Driving Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10037.pdf)
>  The paper proposes a method for the correct by design coordination of autonomous driving systems (ADS). It builds on previous results on collision avoidance policies and the modeling of ADS by combining descriptions of their static environment in the form of maps, and the dynamic behavior of their vehicles. An ADS is modeled as a dynamic system involving a set of vehicles coordinated by a Runtime that based on vehicle positions on a map and their kinetic attributes, computes free spaces for each vehicle. Vehicles are bounded to move within the corresponding allocated free spaces. We provide a correct by design safe control policy for an ADS if its vehicles and the Runtime respect corresponding assume-guarantee contracts. The result is established by showing that the composition of assume-guarantee contracts is an inductive invariant that entails ADS safety. We show that it is practically possible to define speed control policies for vehicles that comply with their contracts. Furthermore, we show that traffic rules can be specified in a linear-time temporal logic, as a class of formulas that constrain vehicle speeds. The main result is that, given a set of traffic rules, it is possible to derive free space policies of the Runtime such that the resulting system behavior is safe by design with respect to the rules.      
### 41.Action parsing using context features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.10008.pdf)
>  We propose an action parsing algorithm to parse a video sequence containing an unknown number of actions into its action segments. We argue that context information, particularly the temporal information about other actions in the video sequence, is valuable for action segmentation. The proposed parsing algorithm temporally segments the video sequence into action segments. The optimal temporal segmentation is found using a dynamic programming search algorithm that optimizes the overall classification confidence score. The classification score of each segment is determined using local features calculated from that segment as well as context features calculated from other candidate action segments of the sequence. Experimental results on the Breakfast activity data-set showed improved segmentation accuracy compared to existing state-of-the-art parsing techniques.      
### 42.Model Predictive Manipulation of Compliant Objects with Multi-Objective Optimizer and Adversarial Network for Occlusion Compensation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09987.pdf)
>  The robotic manipulation of compliant objects is currently one of the most active problems in robotics due to its potential to automate many important applications. Despite the progress achieved by the robotics community in recent years, the 3D shaping of these types of materials remains an open research problem. In this paper, we propose a new vision-based controller to automatically regulate the shape of compliant objects with robotic arms. Our method uses an efficient online surface/curve fitting algorithm that quantifies the object's geometry with a compact vector of features; This feedback-like vector enables to establish an explicit shape servo-loop. To coordinate the motion of the robot with the computed shape features, we propose a receding-time estimator that approximates the system's sensorimotor model while satisfying various performance criteria. A deep adversarial network is developed to robustly compensate for visual occlusions in the camera's field of view, which enables to guide the shaping task even with partial observations of the object. Model predictive control is utilized to compute the robot's shaping motions subject to workspace and saturation constraints. A detailed experimental study is presented to validate the effectiveness of the proposed control framework.      
### 43.Hyperspectral Unmixing Based on Nonnegative Matrix Factorization: A Comprehensive Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09933.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral unmixing has been an important technique that estimates a set of endmembers and their corresponding abundances from a hyperspectral image (HSI). Nonnegative matrix factorization (NMF) plays an increasingly significant role in solving this problem. In this article, we present a comprehensive survey of the NMF-based methods proposed for hyperspectral unmixing. Taking the NMF model as a baseline, we show how to improve NMF by utilizing the main properties of HSIs (e.g., spectral, spatial, and structural information). We categorize three important development directions including constrained NMF, structured NMF, and generalized NMF. Furthermore, several experiments are conducted to illustrate the effectiveness of associated algorithms. Finally, we conclude the article with possible future directions with the purposes of providing guidelines and inspiration to promote the development of hyperspectral unmixing.      
### 44.Explainable Graph Theory-Based Identification of Meter-Transformer Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09874.pdf)
>  Distributed energy resources are better for the environment but may cause transformer overload in distribution grids, calling for recovering meter-transformer mapping to provide situational awareness, i.e., the transformer loading. The challenge lies in recovering meter-transformer (M.T.) mapping for two common scenarios, e.g., large distances between a meter and its parent transformer or high similarity of a meter's consumption pattern to a non-parent transformer's meters. Past methods either assume a variety of data as in the transmission grid or ignore the two common scenarios mentioned above. Therefore, we propose to utilize the above observation via spectral embedding by using the property that inter-transformer meter consumptions are not the same and that the noise in data is limited so that all the k smallest eigenvalues of the voltage-based Laplacian matrix are smaller than the next smallest eigenvalue of the ideal Laplacian matrix. We also provide a guarantee based on this understanding. Furthermore, we partially relax the assumption by utilizing location information to aid voltage information for areas geographically far away but with similar voltages. Numerical simulations on the IEEE test systems and real feeders from our partner utility show that the proposed method correctly identifies M.T. mapping.      
### 45.Classification of Intra-Pulse Modulation of Radar Signals by Feature Fusion Based Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09834.pdf)
>  Detection and classification of radars based on pulses they transmit is an important application in electronic warfare systems. In this work, we propose a novel deep-learning based technique that automatically recognizes intra-pulse modulation types of radar signals. Re-assigned spectrogram of measured radar signal and detected outliers of its instantaneous phases filtered by a special function are used for training multiple convolutional neural networks. Automatically extracted features from the networks are fused to distinguish frequency and phase modulated signals. Simulation results show that the proposed FF-CNN (Feature Fusion based Convolutional Neural Network) technique outperforms the current state-of-the-art alternatives and is easily scalable among broad range of modulation types.      
### 46.Graph Neural Networks Are More Powerful Than we Think  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09801.pdf)
>  Graph Neural Networks (GNNs) are powerful convolutional architectures that have shown remarkable performance in various node-level and graph-level tasks. Despite their success, the common belief is that the expressive power of GNNs is limited and that they are at most as discriminative as the Weisfeiler-Lehman (WL) algorithm. In this paper we argue the opposite and show that the WL algorithm is the upper bound only when the input to the GNN is the vector of all ones. In this direction, we derive an alternative analysis that employs linear algebraic tools and characterize the representational power of GNNs with respect to the eigenvalue decomposition of the graph operators. We show that GNNs can distinguish between any graphs that differ in at least one eigenvalue and design simple GNN architectures that are provably more expressive than the WL algorithm. Thorough experimental analysis on graph isomorphism and graph classification datasets corroborates our theoretical results and demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed architectures.      
### 47.Digital Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces: On the Impact of Realistic Reradiation Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.09799.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is an emerging technology that is under investigation for different applications in wireless communications. RISs are often analyzed and optimized by considering simplified electromagnetic reradiation models. In this chapter, we aim to study the impact of realistic reradiation models for RISs as a function of the sub-wavelength inter-distance between nearby elements of the RIS, the quantization levels of the reflection coefficients, the interplay between the amplitude and phase of the reflection coefficients, and the presence of electromagnetic interference. We consider both case studies in which the users may be located in the far-field and near-field regions of an RIS. Our study shows that, due to design constraints, such as the need of using quantized reflection coefficients or the inherent interplay between the phase and the amplitude of the reflection coefficients, an RIS may reradiate power towards unwanted directions that depend on the intended and interfering electromagnetic waves. Therefore, it is in general important to optimize an RIS by considering the entire reradiation pattern by design to maximize the reradiated power towards the desired directions of reradiation while keeping the power reradiated towards other unwanted directions at a low level. Our study shows that a 2-bit digitally controllable RIS with an almost constant reflection amplitude as a function of the applied phase shift, and whose scattering elements have a size and an inter-distance between (1/8)th and (1/4)th of the signal wavelength may be a good tradeoff between performance, implementation complexity and cost. However, the presented results are preliminary and pave the way for further research into the performance of RISs based on accurate and realistic electromagnetic reradiation models.      
