# ArXiv eess --Mon, 5 Jul 2021
### 1.Multi-user VoiceFilter-Lite via Attentive Speaker Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01201.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a solution to allow speaker conditioned speech models, such as VoiceFilter-Lite, to support an arbitrary number of enrolled users in a single pass. This is achieved by using an attention mechanism on multiple speaker embeddings to compute a single attentive embedding, which is then used as a side input to the model. We implemented multi-user VoiceFilter-Lite and evaluated it for three tasks: (1) a streaming automatic speech recognition (ASR) task; (2) a text-independent speaker verification task; and (3) a personalized keyphrase detection task, where ASR has to detect keyphrases from multiple enrolled users in a noisy environment. Our experiments show that, with up to four enrolled users, multi-user VoiceFilter-Lite is able to significantly reduce speech recognition and speaker verification errors when there is overlapping speech, without affecting performance under other acoustic conditions. This attentive speaker embedding approach can also be easily applied to other speaker-conditioned models such as personal VAD and personalized ASR.      
### 2.The Customer is Always Right: Customer-Centered Pooling for Ride-Hailing Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01161.pdf)
>  Today's ride-hailing systems experienced significant growth and ride-pooling promises to allow for efficient and sustainable on-demand transportation. However, efficient ride-pooling requires a large pool of participating customers. To increase the customers' willingness for participation, we study a novel customer-centered pooling (CCP) mechanism, accounting for individual customers' pooling benefits. We study the benefit of this mechanism from a customer, fleet operator, and system perspective, and compare it to existing provider-centered pooling (PCP) mechanisms. We prove that it is individually rational and weakly dominant for a customer to participate in CCP, but not for PCP. We substantiate this analysis with complementary numerical studies, implementing a simulation environment based on real-world data that allows us to assess both mechanisms' benefit. To this end, we present results for both pooling mechanisms and show that pooling can benefit all stakeholders in on-demand transportation. Moreover, we analyze in which cases a CCP mechanism Pareto dominates a PCP mechanism and show that a mobility service operator would prefer CCP mechanisms over PCP mechanisms for all price segments. Simultaneously, CCP mechanisms reduce the overall distance driven in the system up to 32% compared to not pooling customers. Our results provide decision support for mobility service operators that want to implement and improve pooling mechanisms as they allow us to analyze the impact of a CCP and a PCP mechanism from a holistic perspective. Among others, we show that CCP mechanisms can lead to a win-win situation for operators and customers while simultaneously improving system performance and reducing emissions.      
### 3.On Measuring and Controlling the Spectral Bias of the Deep Image Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01125.pdf)
>  The deep image prior has demonstrated the remarkable ability that untrained networks can address inverse imaging problems, such as denoising, inpainting and super-resolution, by optimizing on just a single degraded image. Despite its promise, it suffers from two limitations. First, it remains unclear how one can control the prior beyond the choice of the network architecture. Second, it requires an oracle to determine when to stop the optimization as the performance degrades after reaching a peak. In this paper, we study the deep image prior from a spectral bias perspective to address these problems. By introducing a frequency-band correspondence measure, we observe that deep image priors for inverse imaging exhibit a spectral bias during optimization, where low-frequency image signals are learned faster and better than high-frequency noise signals. This pinpoints why degraded images can be denoised or inpainted when the optimization is stopped at the right time. Based on our observations, we propose to control the spectral bias in the deep image prior to prevent performance degradation and to speed up optimization convergence. We do so in the two core layer types of inverse imaging networks: the convolution layer and the upsampling layer. We present a Lipschitz-controlled approach for the convolution and a Gaussian-controlled approach for the upsampling layer. We further introduce a stopping criterion to avoid superfluous computation. The experiments on denoising, inpainting and super-resolution show that our method no longer suffers from performance degradation during optimization, relieving us from the need for an oracle criterion to stop early. We further outline a stopping criterion to avoid superfluous computation. Finally, we show that our approach obtains favorable restoration results compared to current approaches, across all tasks.      
### 4.Global Structure Identifiability and Reconstructibility of an NDS with Descriptor Subsystems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01124.pdf)
>  This paper investigates requirements on a networked dynamic system (NDS) such that its subsystem interactions can be solely determined from experiment data or reconstructed from its overall model. The NDS is constituted from several subsystems whose dynamics are described through a descriptor form. Except regularity on each subsystem and the whole NDS, no other restrictions are put on either subsystem dynamics or subsystem interactions. A matrix rank based necessary and sufficient condition is derived for the global identifiability of subsystem interactions, which leads to several conclusions about NDS structure identifiability when there is some a priori information. This matrix also gives an explicit description for the set of subsystem interactions that can not be distinguished from experiment data only. In addition, under a well-posedness assumption, a necessary and sufficient condition is obtained for the reconstructibility of subsystem interactions from an NDS descriptor form model. This condition can be verified with each subsystem separately and is therefore attractive in the analysis and synthesis of a large-scale NDS. Simulation results show that rather than increases monotonically with the distance of subsystem interactions to the undifferentiable set, the magnitude of the external output differences between two NDSs with distinct subsystem interactions increases much more rapidly when one of them is close to be unstable. In addition, directions of probing signals are also very important in distinguishing external outputs of distinctive NDSs.These findings are expected to be helpful in identification experiment designs, etc.      
### 5.NB-IoT via LEO satellites: An efficient resource allocation strategy for uplink data transmission  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01067.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the use of Low-Eart Orbit (LEO) satellites providing the Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) connectivity to the on-ground user equipment (UEs). Conventional resource allocation algorithms for the NBIoT systems are particularly designed for terrestrial infrastructures, where devices are under the coverage of a specific base station and the whole system varies very slowly in time. The existing methods in the literature cannot be applied over LEO satellite-based NB-IoT systems for several reasons. First, with the movement of the LEO satellite, the corresponding channel parameters for each user will quickly change over time. Delaying the scheduling of a certain user would result in a resource allocation based on outdated parameters. Second, the differential Doppler shift, which is a typical impairment in communications over LEO, directly depends on the relative distance among users. Scheduling at the same radio frame users that overcome a certain distance would violate the differential Doppler limit supported by the NB-IoT standard. Third, the propagation delay over a LEO satellite channel is around 4-16 times higher compared to a terrestrial system, imposing the need for message exchange minimization between the users and the base station. In this work, we propose a novel uplink resource allocation strategy that jointly incorporates the new design considerations previously mentioned together with the distinct channel conditions, satellite coverage times and data demands of various users on Earth. The novel methodology proposed in this paper can act as a framework for future works in the field.      
### 6.Weather-based forecasting of energy generation, consumption and price for electrical microgrids management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01034.pdf)
>  The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change proposes different mitigation strategies to achieve the net emissions reductions that would be required to follow a pathway that limits global warming to 1.5°C with no or limited overshoot. The transition towards a carbon-free society goes through an inevitable increase of the share of renewable generation in the energy mix and a drastic decrease in terms of the total consumption of fossil fuels. Therefore, this thesis studies the integration of renewables in power systems by investigating forecasting and decision-making tools. Indeed, in contrast to conventional power plants, renewable energy is subject to uncertainty. Most of the generation technologies based on renewable sources are non-dispatchable, and their production is stochastic and hard to predict in advance. A high share of renewables is a great challenge for power systems that have been designed and sized for dispatchable units. In this context, probabilistic forecasts, which aim at modeling the distribution of all possible future realizations, have become an important tool to equip decision-makers, hopefully leading to better decisions in energy applications. This thesis focus on two main research questions: (1) How to produce reliable probabilistic forecasts of renewable generation, consumption, and electricity prices? (2) How to make decisions with uncertainty using probabilistic forecasts? The thesis perimeter is the energy management of "small" systems such as microgrids at a residential scale on a day-ahead basis. It is divided into two main parts to propose directions to address both research questions (1) a forecasting part; (2) a planning and control part.      
### 7.Design and implementation of an islanded hybrid microgrid system for a large resort center for Penang Island with the proper application of excess energy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01032.pdf)
>  The energy demand is growing daily at an accelerated pace due to the internationalization and development of civilization. Yet proper economic utilization of additional energy generated by the Islanded Hybrid Microgrid System (IHMS) that was not consumed by the load is a major global challenge. To resolve the above-stated summons, this research focuses on a multi-optimal combination of IHMS for the Penang Hill Resort located on Penang Island, Malaysia, with effective use of redundant energy. To avail this excess energy efficiently, an electrical heater along with a storage tank has been designed concerning diversion load having proper energy management. Furthermore, the system design has adopted the HOMER Pro software for profitable and practical analysis. Alongside, MATLAB Simulink had stabilized the whole system by representing the values of 2068 and 19,072 kW that have been determined as the approximated peak and average load per day for the resort. Moreover, the optimized IHMS is comprehended of Photovoltaic (PV) cells, Diesel Generator, Wind Turbine, Battery, and Converter. Adjacent to this, the optimized system ensued in having a Net Present Cost (NPC) of $21.66 million, Renewable Fraction (RF) of 27.8%, Cost of Energy (COE) of $0.165/kWh, CO2 of 1,735,836 kg/year, and excess energy of 517.29MWh per annum. Since the diesel generator lead system was included in the scheme, a COE of $0.217/kWh, CO2 of 5,124,879 kg/year, and NPC of $23.25 million were attained. The amount of excess energy is effectively utilized with an electrical heater as a diversion load.      
### 8.Intelligent Momentary Assisted Control for Autonomous Emergency Braking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00972.pdf)
>  Development of control algorithms for enhancing performance in safety-critical systems such as the Autonomous Emergency Braking system (AEB) is an important issue in the emerging field of automated electric vehicles. In this study, we design a safety distance-based hierarchical AEB control system constituted of a high-level Rule-Based Supervisory control module, an intermediate-level switching algorithm and a low-level control module. The Rule Based supervisor determines the required deceleration command that is fed to the low-level control module via the switching algorithm. In the low-level, two wheel slip control algorithms were developed, a Robust Sliding Mode controller and a Gain-Scheduled Linear Quadratic Regulator. For the needs of this control design, a non-linear dynamic vehicle model was implemented whereas a constant tire-road friction coefficient was considered. The proposed control system was validated in Simulink, assuming a straight-line braking maneuver on a flat dry road. The simulation results demonstrated satisfactory emergency braking performance with full collision avoidance in both proposed control system combinations.      
### 9.Data-driven model predictive control: closed-loop guarantees and experimental results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00966.pdf)
>  We provide a comprehensive review and practical implementation of a recently developed model predictive control (MPC) framework for controlling unknown systems using only measured data and no explicit model knowledge. Our approach relies on an implicit system parametrization from behavioral systems theory based on one measured input-output trajectory. The presented MPC schemes guarantee closed-loop stability for unknown linear time-invariant (LTI) systems, even if the data are affected by noise. Further, we extend this MPC framework to control unknown nonlinear systems by continuously updating the data-driven system representation using new measurements. The simple and intuitive applicability of our approach is demonstrated with a nonlinear four-tank system in simulation and in an experiment.      
### 10.LensID: A CNN-RNN-Based Framework Towards Lens Irregularity Detection in Cataract Surgery Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00875.pdf)
>  A critical complication after cataract surgery is the dislocation of the lens implant leading to vision deterioration and eye trauma. In order to reduce the risk of this complication, it is vital to discover the risk factors during the surgery. However, studying the relationship between lens dislocation and its suspicious risk factors using numerous videos is a time-extensive procedure. Hence, the surgeons demand an automatic approach to enable a larger-scale and, accordingly, more reliable study. In this paper, we propose a novel framework as the major step towards lens irregularity detection. In particular, we propose (I) an end-to-end recurrent neural network to recognize the lens-implantation phase and (II) a novel semantic segmentation network to segment the lens and pupil after the implantation phase. The phase recognition results reveal the effectiveness of the proposed surgical phase recognition approach. Moreover, the segmentation results confirm the proposed segmentation network's effectiveness compared to state-of-the-art rival approaches.      
### 11.Dirichlet process approach for radio-based simultaneous localization and mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00864.pdf)
>  Due to 5G millimeter wave (mmWave), spatial channel parameters are becoming highly resolvable, enabling accurate vehicle localization and mapping. We propose a novel method of radio simultaneous localization and mapping (SLAM) with the Dirichlet process (DP). The DP, which can estimate the number of clusters as well as clustering, is capable of identifying the locations of reflectors by classifying signals when such 5G signals are reflected and received from various objects. We generate birth points using the measurements from 5G mmWave signals received by the vehicle and classify objects by clustering birth points generated over time. Each time we use the DP clustering method, we can map landmarks in the environment in challenging situations where false alarms exist in the measurements and change the cardinality of received signals. Simulation results demonstrate the performance of the proposed scheme. By comparing the results with the SLAM based on the Rao-Blackwellized probability hypothesis density filter, we confirm a slight drop in SLAM performance, but as a result, we validate that it has a significant gain in computational complexity.      
### 12.Base Station Antenna Uptilt Optimization for Cellular-Connected Drone Corridors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00802.pdf)
>  The concept of drone corridors is recently getting more attention to enable connected, safe, and secure flight zones in the national airspace. To support beyond visual line of sight (BVLOS) operations of aerial vehicles in a drone corridor, cellular base stations (BSs) serve as a convenient infrastructure, since such BSs are widely deployed to provide seamless wireless coverage. However, antennas in the existing cellular networks are down-tilted to optimally serve their ground users, which results in coverage holes if they are also used to serve drones. In this letter, we consider the use of additional uptilted antennas at cellular BSs and optimize the uptilt angle to minimize outage probability for a given drone corridor. Our numerical results show how the beamwidth and the maximum drone corridor height affect the optimal value of the antenna uptilt angle.      
### 13.Precoder Design for Physical-Layer Security and Authentication in Massive MIMO UAV Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00799.pdf)
>  Supporting reliable and seamless wireless connectivity for unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) has recently become a critical requirement to enable various different use cases of UAVs. Due to their widespread deployment footprint, cellular networks can support beyond visual line of sight (BVLOS) communications for UAVs. In this paper, we consider cellular connected UAVs (C-UAVs) that are served by massive multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) links to extend coverage range, while also improving physical layer security and authentication. We consider Rician channel and propose a novel linear precoder design for transmitting data and artificial noise (AN). We derive the closed-form expression of the ergodic secrecy rate of C-UAVs for both conventional and proposed precoder designs. In addition, we obtain the optimal power splitting factor that divides the power between data and AN by asymptotic analysis. Then, we apply the proposed precoder design in the fingerprint embedding authentication framework, where the goal is to minimize the probability of detection of the authentication tag at an eavesdropper. In simulation results, we show the superiority of the proposed precoder in both secrecy rate and the authentication probability considering moderate and large number of antenna massive MIMO scenarios.      
### 14.Combining Frame-Synchronous and Label-Synchronous Systems for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00764.pdf)
>  Commonly used automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems can be classified into frame-synchronous and label-synchronous categories, based on whether the speech is decoded on a per-frame or per-label basis. Frame-synchronous systems, such as traditional hidden Markov model systems, can easily incorporate existing knowledge and can support streaming ASR applications. Label-synchronous systems, based on attention-based encoder-decoder models, can jointly learn the acoustic and language information with a single model, which can be regarded as audio-grounded language models. In this paper, we propose rescoring the N-best hypotheses or lattices produced by a first-pass frame-synchronous system with a label-synchronous system in a second-pass. By exploiting the complementary modelling of the different approaches, the combined two-pass systems achieve competitive performance without using any extra speech or text data on two standard ASR tasks. For the 80-hour AMI IHM dataset, the combined system has a 13.7% word error rate (WER) on the evaluation set, which is up to a 29% relative WER reduction over the individual systems. For the 300-hour Switchboard dataset, the WERs of the combined system are 5.7% and 12.1% on Switchboard and CallHome subsets of Hub5'00, and 13.2% and 7.6% on Switchboard Cellular and Fisher subsets of RT03, up to a 33% relative reduction in WER over the individual systems.      
### 15.Geometric Machine Learning for Channel Covariance Estimation in Vehicular Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00759.pdf)
>  Learning the covariance matrices of spatially-correlated wireless channels, in millimeter-wave (mmWave) vehicular communication, can be utilized in designing environmen-taware beamforming codebooks. Such channel covariance matrices can be represented on non-Euclidean Riemannian manifolds, thanks to their symmetric positive definite (SPD) characteristics. Consequently in this paper, we propose a Riemannian-Geometric machine learning (G-ML) approach for estimating the channel covariance matrices based on unsupervised K-Means model. The proposed K-means algorithm utilizes Log-Euclidean metric (LEM) as the distance measure among channel covariance matrices over the Riemannian manifolds. We show that our proposed K-Means G-ML model can achieve up to 80% less error compared to Euclidean-based K-Means algorithm, which applies clustering on the channel vectors themselves.      
### 16.EMG-Based Feature Extraction and Classification for Prosthetic Hand Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00733.pdf)
>  In recent years, real-time control of prosthetic hands has gained a great deal of attention. In particular, real-time analysis of Electromyography (EMG) signals has several challenges to achieve an acceptable accuracy and execution delay. In this paper, we address some of these challenges by improving the accuracy in a shorter signal length. We first introduce a set of new feature extraction functions applying on each level of wavelet decomposition. Then, we propose a postprocessing approach to process the neural network outputs. The experimental results illustrate that the proposed method enhances the accuracy of real-time classification of EMG signals up to $95.5\%$ for $800$ msec signal length. The proposed postprocessing method achieves higher consistency compared with conventional majority voting and Bayesian fusion methods.      
### 17.Precise Feature Selection and Case Study of Intrusion Detection in an Industrial Control System (ICS) Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00705.pdf)
>  This paper presents analytical techniques to improve redundancy and relevance assessment for precise selection of features in practical multi-class raw datasets. We propose a matrix-rank based $k$-medoids algorithm that guarantees to output all independent medoids. The new algorithm uses matrix rank as a robust indicator, while a traditional $k$-medoids algorithm depends on specific datasets and how the distance between any of two features is defined. Another advantage is that the total number of operations in the nested loops is bounded, different from some $k$-medoids algorithms that involve random search. Sparse regression is an efficient tool for feature relevance analysis, but its outcome can depend on what labeled datasets are employed. A compensation method is introduced in this paper to handle the unequality of class-occurrence in a practical raw dataset. To assess the proposed techniques quantitatively, an existing Industrial Control System (ICS) dataset is used to perform intrusion detection. The numerical results generated from this case study validate the effectiveness and necessity of the proposed analytical framework.      
### 18.Inter-Beat Interval Estimation with Tiramisu Model: A Novel Approach with Reduced Error  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00693.pdf)
>  Inter-beat interval (IBI) measurement enables estimation of heart-rate variability (HRV) which, in turns, can provide early indication of potential cardiovascular diseases. However, extracting IBIs from noisy signals is challenging since the morphology of the signal is distorted in the presence of the noise. Electrocardiogram (ECG) of a person in heavy motion is highly corrupted with noise, known as motion-artifact, and IBI extracted from it is inaccurate. As a part of remote health monitoring and wearable system development, denoising ECG signals and estimating IBIs correctly from them have become an emerging topic among signal-processing researchers. Apart from conventional methods, deep-learning techniques have been successfully used in signal denoising recently, and diagnosis process has become easier, leading to accuracy levels that were previously unachievable. We propose a deep-learning approach leveraging tiramisu autoencoder model to suppress motion-artifact noise and make the R-peaks of the ECG signal prominent even in the presence of high-intensity motion. After denoising, IBIs are estimated more accurately expediting diagnosis tasks. Results illustrate that our method enables IBI estimation from noisy ECG signals with SNR up to -30dB with average root mean square error (RMSE) of 13 milliseconds for estimated IBIs. At this noise level, our error percentage remains below 8% and outperforms other state of the art techniques.      
### 19.Road Roughness Estimation Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01199.pdf)
>  Road roughness is a very important road condition for the infrastructure, as the roughness affects both the safety and ride comfort of passengers. The roads deteriorate over time which means the road roughness must be continuously monitored in order to have an accurate understand of the condition of the road infrastructure. In this paper, we propose a machine learning pipeline for road roughness prediction using the vertical acceleration of the car and the car speed. We compared well-known supervised machine learning models such as linear regression, naive Bayes, k-nearest neighbor, random forest, support vector machine, and the multi-layer perceptron neural network. The models are trained on an optimally selected set of features computed in the temporal and statistical domain. The results demonstrate that machine learning methods can accurately predict road roughness, using the recordings of the cost approachable in-vehicle sensors installed in conventional passenger cars. Our findings demonstrate that the technology is well suited to meet future pavement condition monitoring, by enabling continuous monitoring of a wide road network.      
### 20.A Systems Theory of Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01196.pdf)
>  Existing frameworks for transfer learning are incomplete from a systems theoretic perspective. They place emphasis on notions of domain and task, and neglect notions of structure and behavior. In doing so, they limit the extent to which formalism can be carried through into the elaboration of their frameworks. Herein, we use Mesarovician systems theory to define transfer learning as a relation on sets and subsequently characterize the general nature of transfer learning as a mathematical construct. We interpret existing frameworks in terms of ours and go beyond existing frameworks to define notions of transferability, transfer roughness, and transfer distance. Importantly, despite its formalism, our framework avoids the detailed mathematics of learning theory or machine learning solution methods without excluding their consideration. As such, we provide a formal, general systems framework for modeling transfer learning that offers a rigorous foundation for system design and analysis.      
### 21.Artificial Neural Network for Cybersecurity: A Comprehensive Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01185.pdf)
>  Cybersecurity is a very emerging field that protects systems, networks, and data from digital attacks. With the increase in the scale of the Internet and the evolution of cyber attacks, developing novel cybersecurity tools has become important, particularly for Internet of things (IoT) networks. This paper provides a systematic review of the application of deep learning (DL) approaches for cybersecurity. This paper provides a short description of DL methods which is used in cybersecurity, including deep belief networks, generative adversarial networks, recurrent neural networks, and others. Next, we illustrate the differences between shallow learning and DL. Moreover, a discussion is provided on the currently prevailing cyber-attacks in IoT and other networks, and the effectiveness of DL methods to manage these attacks. Besides, this paper describes studies that highlight the DL technique, cybersecurity applications, and the source of datasets. Next, a discussion is provided on the feasibility of DL systems for malware detection and classification, intrusion detection, and other frequent cyber-attacks, including identifying file type, spam, and network traffic. Our review indicates that high classification accuracy of 99.72% is obtained by restricted Boltzmann machine (RBM) when applied to a custom dataset, while long short-term memory (LSTM) achieves an accuracy of 99.80% for KDD Cup 99 dataset. Finally, this article discusses the importance of cybersecurity for reliable and practicable IoT-driven healthcare systems.      
### 22.Empirically Measuring Transfer Distance for System Design and Operation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01184.pdf)
>  Classical machine learning approaches are sensitive to non-stationarity. Transfer learning can address non-stationarity by sharing knowledge from one system to another, however, in areas like machine prognostics and defense, data is fundamentally limited. Therefore, transfer learning algorithms have little, if any, examples from which to learn. Herein, we suggest that these constraints on algorithmic learning can be addressed by systems engineering. We formally define transfer distance in general terms and demonstrate its use in empirically quantifying the transferability of models. We consider the use of transfer distance in the design of machine rebuild procedures to allow for transferable prognostic models. We also consider the use of transfer distance in predicting operational performance in computer vision. Practitioners can use the presented methodology to design and operate systems with consideration for the learning theoretic challenges faced by component learning systems.      
### 23.Extremum Seeking Control with an Adaptive Gain Based On Gradient Estimation Error  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01176.pdf)
>  This paper presents an extremum seeking control algorithm with an adaptive step-size that adjusts the aggressiveness of the controller based on the quality of the gradient estimate. The adaptive step-size ensures that the integral-action produced by the gradient descent does not destabilize the closed-loop system. To quantify the quality of the gradient estimate, we present a batch least squares estimator with a novel weighting and show that it produces bounded estimation errors, where the uncertainty is due to the curvature of the unknown cost function. The adaptive step-size then maximizes the decrease of the combined plant and controller Lyapunov function for the worst-case estimation error. We prove that our ESC is input-to-state stable with respect to the dither signal. Finally, we demonstrate our proposed ESC through five numerical examples; one illustrative, one practical, and three benchmarks.      
### 24.Dissipativity-based $\mathcal{L}_2$ gain-scheduled static output feedback design for rational LPV systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01165.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the design of gain-scheduled static output feedback controllers for the stabilization of continuous-time linear parameter-varying systems with $\mathcal{L}_2$-gain performance. The system is transformed into the form of a differential-algebraic representation which allows dealing with the broad class of systems whose matrices can present rational or polynomial dependence on the parameter. The proposed approach uses the definition of strict QSR dissipativity, Finsler's Lemma, and the notion of linear annihilators to formulate conditions expressed in the form of polytopic linear matrix inequalities for determining the gain-scheduled static output feedback control for system stabilization. One of the main advantages of the strategy is that it provides a simple design solution in a non-interactive manner. Furthermore, no restriction on the plant output matrix is imposed. Numerical examples highlight the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 25.Dissipativity-based static output feedback design for discrete-time LTI systems with time-varying input delays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01138.pdf)
>  This note is concerned with the presentation of new delay-dependent dissipativity-based convex conditions (expressed in the form of linear matrix inequalities) for the design of static output feedback (SOF) stabilizing gains for open-loop unstable discrete-time systems with input time-varying delays. A modified definition of QSR-dissipativity combined with the use of Lyapunov-Krasovskii functionals as storage functions and the application of Finsler's Lemma lead to the gathering of non-interactive design conditions. We show that, differently from most works dealing with controller design for time-delayed systems, the developed conditions present very small conservatism compared to stability analysis conditions derived with the same strategy. Due to being a particular case of SOF with an identity output matrix, static state feedback (SSF) gains can also trivially be computed from the conditions.      
### 26.Vox Populi, Vox DIY: Benchmark Dataset for Crowdsourced Audio Transcription  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01091.pdf)
>  Domain-specific data is the crux of the successful transfer of machine learning systems from benchmarks to real life. Crowdsourcing has become one of the standard tools for cheap and time-efficient data collection for simple problems such as image classification: thanks in large part to advances in research on aggregation methods. However, the applicability of crowdsourcing to more complex tasks (e.g., speech recognition) remains limited due to the lack of principled aggregation methods for these modalities. The main obstacle towards designing advanced aggregation methods is the absence of training data, and in this work, we focus on bridging this gap in speech recognition. For this, we collect and release CrowdSpeech -- the first publicly available large-scale dataset of crowdsourced audio transcriptions. Evaluation of existing aggregation methods on our data shows room for improvement, suggesting that our work may entail the design of better algorithms. At a higher level, we also contribute to the more general challenge of collecting high-quality datasets using crowdsourcing: we develop a principled pipeline for constructing datasets of crowdsourced audio transcriptions in any novel domain. We show its applicability on an under-resourced language by constructing VoxDIY -- a counterpart of CrowdSpeech for the Russian language. We also release the code that allows a full replication of our data collection pipeline and share various insights on best practices of data collection via crowdsourcing.      
### 27.Static output feedback stabilization of uncertain rational nonlinear systems with input saturation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01085.pdf)
>  In this letter, the notion of robust strict QSR-dissipativity is applied to solve the static output feedback control problem for a class of continuous-time nonlinear rational systems subject to input saturation and bounded parametric uncertainties. A local dissipativity condition is combined with generalized sector conditions to formulate the stabilization problem in terms of linear matrix inequalities. The strategy applies to general static output feedback design without any restrictions on the plant output matrix. An optimization problem is formulated in order to compute the feedback gain matrix that maximizes the estimate on the closed-loop region of attraction. Numerical examples are provided to illustrate the applicability of this new approach in examples adapted from the literature.      
### 28.Design and Implementation of MIMO Transmission Based on Dual-Polarized Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01041.pdf)
>  Multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) signaling is one of the key technologies of current mobile communication systems. However, the complex and expensive radio frequency (RF) chains have always limited the increase of MIMO scale. In this paper, we propose a MIMO transmission architecture based on a dual-polarized reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS), which can directly achieve modulation and transmission of multichannel signals without the need for conventional RF chains. Compared with previous works, the proposed architecture can improve the integration of RIS-based transmission systems. A prototype of the dual-polarized RIS-based MIMO transmission system is built and the experimental results confirm the feasibility of the proposed architecture. The dual-polarized RIS-based MIMO transmission architecture provides a promising solution for realizing low-cost ultra-massive MIMO towards future networks.      
### 29.Structure-aware reinforcement learning for node-overload protection in mobile edge computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01025.pdf)
>  Mobile Edge Computing (MEC) refers to the concept of placing computational capability and applications at the edge of the network, providing benefits such as reduced latency in handling client requests, reduced network congestion, and improved performance of applications. The performance and reliability of MEC are degraded significantly when one or several edge servers in the cluster are overloaded. Especially when a server crashes due to the overload, it causes service failures in MEC. In this work, an adaptive admission control policy to prevent edge node from getting overloaded is presented. This approach is based on a recently-proposed low complexity RL (Reinforcement Learning) algorithm called SALMUT (Structure-Aware Learning for Multiple Thresholds), which exploits the structure of the optimal admission control policy in multi-class queues for an average-cost setting. We extend the framework to work for node overload-protection problem in a discounted-cost setting. The proposed solution is validated using several scenarios mimicking real-world deployments in two different settings - computer simulations and a docker testbed. Our empirical evaluations show that the total discounted cost incurred by SALMUT is similar to state-of-the-art deep RL algorithms such as PPO (Proximal Policy Optimization) and A2C (Advantage Actor Critic) but requires an order of magnitude less time to train, outputs easily interpretable policy, and can be deployed in an online manner.      
### 30.Toward 6G: From New Hardware Design to Wireless Semantic and Goal-Oriented Communication Paradigms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01019.pdf)
>  Several speculative visions are conjecturing on what 6G services will be able to offer at the horizon of 2030. Nevertheless, the 6G design process is at its preliminary stages. The reality today is that hardware, technologies and new materials required to effectively meet the unprecedented performance targets required for future 6G services and network operation, have not been designed, tested or even do not exist yet. Today, a solid vision on the cost-benefit trade-offs of machine learning and artificial intelligence support for 6G network and services operation optimization is missing. This includes the possible support from hardware efficiency, operation effectiveness and, the immeasurable cost due to data acquisition-transfer-processing. The contribution of this paper is three-fold. This is the first paper deriving crucial 6G key performance indicators on hardware and technology design. Second, we present a new hardware technologies design methodology conceived to enable the effective software-hardware components integration required to meet the challenging performance envisioned for future 6G networks. Third, we suggest a paradigm shift towards goal-oriented and semantic communications, in which a totally new opportunity of joint design of hardware, artificial intelligence and effective communication is offered. The proposed vision is consolidated by our recent results on hardware, technology and machine learning performance.      
### 31.RAN Resource Slicing in 5G Using Multi-Agent Correlated Q-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01018.pdf)
>  5G is regarded as a revolutionary mobile network, which is expected to satisfy a vast number of novel services, ranging from remote health care to smart cities. However, heterogeneous Quality of Service (QoS) requirements of different services and limited spectrum make the radio resource allocation a challenging problem in 5G. In this paper, we propose a multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) method for radio resource slicing in 5G. We model each slice as an intelligent agent that competes for limited radio resources, and the correlated Q-learning is applied for inter-slice resource block (RB) allocation. The proposed correlated Q-learning based interslice RB allocation (COQRA) scheme is compared with Nash Q-learning (NQL), Latency-Reliability-Throughput Q-learning (LRTQ) methods, and the priority proportional fairness (PPF) algorithm. Our simulation results show that the proposed COQRA achieves 32.4% lower latency and 6.3% higher throughput when compared with LRTQ, and 5.8% lower latency and 5.9% higher throughput than NQL. Significantly higher throughput and lower packet drop rate (PDR) is observed in comparison to PPF.      
### 32.AdaptSky: a DRL based Resource Allocation Framework in NOMA-UAV Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01004.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) has recently attracted a lot of attention as a candidate to meet the 6G ubiquitousconnectivity demand and boost the resiliency of terrestrialnetworks. Thanks to the high spectral efficiency and low latency, non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) is a potential access technique for future communication networks. In this paper, we propose to use the UAV as a moving base station (BS) to serve multiple users using NOMA and jointly solve for the 3D-UAV placement and resource allocation problem. Since the corresponding optimization problem is non-convex, we rely on the recent advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and propose AdaptSky, a deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-based framework, to efficiently solve it. To the best of our knowledge, AdaptSky is the first framework that optimizes NOMA power allocation jointly with 3D-UAV placement using both sub-6GHz and millimeter wave mmWave spectrum. Furthermore, for the first time in NOMA-UAV networks, AdaptSky integrates the dueling network (DN) architecture to the DRL technique to improve its learning capabilities. Our findings show that AdaptSky does not only exhibit a fast-adapting learning and outperform the state-of-the-art baseline approach in data rate and fairness, but also it generalizes very well      
### 33.WiCluster: Passive Indoor 2D/3D Positioning using WiFi without Precise Labels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.01002.pdf)
>  We introduce WiCluster, a new machine learning (ML) approach for passive indoor positioning using radio frequency (RF) channel state information (CSI). WiCluster can predict both a zone-level position and a precise 2D or 3D position, without using any precise position labels during training. Prior CSI-based indoor positioning work has relied on non-parametric approaches using digital signal-processing (DSP) and, more recently, parametric approaches (e.g., fully supervised ML methods). However these do not handle the complexity of real-world environments well and do not meet requirements for large-scale commercial deployments: the accuracy of DSP-based method deteriorates significantly in non-line-of-sight conditions, while supervised ML methods need large amounts of hard-to-acquire centimeter accuracy position labels. In contrast, WiCluster is both precise and requires weaker label-information that can be easily collected. Our first contribution is a novel dimensionality reduction method for charting. It combines a triplet-loss with a multi-scale clustering-loss to map the high-dimensional CSI representation to a 2D/3D latent space. Our second contribution is two weakly supervised losses that map this latent space into a Cartesian map, resulting in meter-accuracy position results. These losses only require simple to acquire priors: a sketch of the floorplan, approximate location of access-point locations and a few CSI packets that are labeled with the corresponding zone in the floorplan. Thirdly, we report results and a robustness study for 2D positioning in a single-floor office building and 3D positioning in a two-floor home to show the robustness of our method.      
### 34.All-Indoor Optical Customer Premises Equipment for Fixed Wireless Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00999.pdf)
>  We demonstrate an LED-based optical wireless link for fixed wireless access applications, at data rates of 1.5 Gbit/s over 50 m. Transmission between indoor equipment and outdoor access point is possible through metal-coated insulation glass.      
### 35.An Algorithm for Flow Control in Computer Networks Based in Discrete Control Theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00997.pdf)
>  Developing of an effective flow control algorithm to avoid congestion is a hot topic in computer network society. This document gives a mathematical model for general network at the beginning, and then discrete control theory is proposed as a key tool to design a new flow control algorithm to avoid congestion in the high-speed computer network, the proposed algorithm ensures stability of network system. The results of the simulation show that the proposed method can adjust the sending speed and the queue level in the buffer quickly and effectively. In addition, the method is easy to implement and apply to high-speed computer network.      
### 36.Optimal control gradient precision trade-offs: application to fast generation of DeepControl libraries for MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00933.pdf)
>  We have recently demonstrated supervised deep learning methods for rapid generation of radiofrequency pulses in magnetic resonance imaging (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://doi.org/10.1002/mrm.27740" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://doi.org/10.1002/mrm.28667" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>). Unlike the previous iterative optimization approaches, deep learning methods generate a pulse using a fixed number of floating-point operations - this is important in MRI, where patient-specific pulses preferably must be produced in real time. However, deep learning requires vast training libraries, which must be generated using the traditional methods, e.g. iterative quantum optimal control methods. Those methods are usually variations of gradient descent, and the calculation of the fidelity gradient of the performance metric with respect to the pulse waveform can be the most numerically intensive step. In this communication, we explore various ways in which the calculation of fidelity gradients in quantum optimal control theory may be accelerated. Four optimization avenues are explored: truncated commutator series expansions at zeroth and first order, a novel midpoint truncation scheme at first order, and the exact complex-step method. For the spin systems relevant to MRI, the first-order truncation is found to be sufficiently accurate, but also up to five times faster than the machine precision gradient. This makes the generation of training databases for the machine learning methods considerably more realistic.      
### 37.Supervised Contrastive Learning for Accented Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00921.pdf)
>  Neural network based speech recognition systems suffer from performance degradation due to accented speech, especially unfamiliar accents. In this paper, we study the supervised contrastive learning framework for accented speech recognition. To build different views (similar "positive" data samples) for contrastive learning, three data augmentation techniques including noise injection, spectrogram augmentation and TTS-same-sentence generation are further investigated. From the experiments on the Common Voice dataset, we have shown that contrastive learning helps to build data-augmentation invariant and pronunciation invariant representations, which significantly outperforms traditional joint training methods in both zero-shot and full-shot settings. Experiments show that contrastive learning can improve accuracy by 3.66% (zero-shot) and 3.78% (full-shot) on average, comparing to the joint training method.      
### 38.Privacy in Distributed Computations based on Real Number Secret Sharing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00911.pdf)
>  Privacy preservation in distributed computations is an important subject as digitization and new technologies enable collection and storage of vast amounts of data, including private data belonging to individuals. To this end, there is a need for a privacy preserving computation framework that minimises the leak of private information during computations while being efficient enough for practical usage. This paper presents a step towards such a framework with the proposal of a real number secret sharing scheme that works directly on real numbers without the need for conversion to integers which is the case in related schemes. The scheme offers computations like addition, multiplication, and division to be performed directly on secret shared data (the cipher text version of the data). Simulations show that the scheme is much more efficient in terms of accuracy than its counterpart version based on integers and finite field arithmetic. The drawback with the proposed scheme is that it is not perfectly secure. However, we provide a privacy analysis of the scheme, where we show that the leaked information can be upper bounded and asymptotically goes to zero. To demonstrate the scheme, we use it to perform Kalman filtering directly on secret shared data.      
### 39.Trajectory Optimization and Phase-Shift Design in IRS Assisted UAV Network for High Speed Trains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00857.pdf)
>  The recent trend towards the high-speed transportation system has spurred the development of high-speed trains (HSTs). However, enabling HST users with seamless wireless connectivity using the roadside units (RSUs) is extremely challenging, mostly due to the lack of line of sight link. To address this issue, we propose a novel framework that uses intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRS)-enabled unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) to provide line of sight communication to HST users. First, we formulate the optimization problem where the objective is to maximize the minimum achievable rate of HSTs by jointly optimizing the trajectory of UAV and the phase-shift of IRS. Due to the non-convex nature of the formulated problem, it is decomposed into two subproblems: IRS phase-shift problem and UAV trajectory optimization problem. Next, a Binary Integer Linear Programming (BILP) and a Soft Actor-Critic (SAC) are constructed in order to solve our decomposed problems. Finally, comprehensive numerical results are provided in order to show the effectiveness of our proposed framework.      
### 40.A Business Model for Resource Sharing in Cell-Free UAVs-Assisted Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00845.pdf)
>  Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are widely deployed to enhance the wireless network capacity and to provide communication services to mobile users beyond the infrastructure coverage. Recently, with the help of a promising technology called network virtualization, multiple service providers (SPs) can share the infrastructures and wireless resources owned by the mobile network operators (MNOs). Then, they provide specific services to their mobile users using the resources obtained from MNOs. However, wireless resource sharing among SPs is challenging as each SP wants to maximize their utility/profit selfishly while satisfying the QoS requirement of their mobile users. Therefore, in this paper, we propose joint user association and wireless resource sharing problem in the cell-free UAVs-assisted wireless networks with the objective of maximizing the total network utility of the SPs while ensuring QoS constraints of their mobile users and the resource constraints of the UAVs deployed by MNOs. To solve the proposed mixed-integer non-convex problem, we decompose the proposed problem into two subproblems: users association, and resource sharing problems. Then, a two-sided matching algorithm is deployed in order to solve users association problem. We further deploy the whale optimization and Lagrangian relaxation algorithms to solve the resource sharing problem. Finally, extensive numerical results are provided in order to show the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm.      
### 41.RL-NCS: Reinforcement learning based data-driven approach for nonuniform compressed sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00838.pdf)
>  A reinforcement-learning-based non-uniform compressed sensing (NCS) framework for time-varying signals is introduced. The proposed scheme, referred to as RL-NCS, aims to boost the performance of signal recovery through an optimal and adaptive distribution of sensing energy among two groups of coefficients of the signal, referred to as the region of interest (ROI) coefficients and non-ROI coefficients. The coefficients in ROI usually have greater importance and need to be reconstructed with higher accuracy compared to non-ROI coefficients. In order to accomplish this task, the ROI is predicted at each time step using two specific approaches. One of these approaches incorporates a long short-term memory (LSTM) network for the prediction. The other approach employs the previous ROI information for predicting the next step ROI. Using the exploration-exploitation technique, a Q-network learns to choose the best approach for designing the measurement matrix. Furthermore, a joint loss function is introduced for the efficient training of the Q-network as well as the LSTM network. The result indicates a significant performance gain for our proposed method, even for rapidly varying signals and a reduced number of measurements.      
### 42.The Risk of Cascading Failures in Electrical Grids Triggered by Extreme Weather Events  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00829.pdf)
>  One of the serious threats related to climate change is an increase in the number and severity of extreme weather events. A prominent example are hurricanes, which result from rising coastal temperatures. Such extreme weather events can cause extensive damages in infrastructure systems and, potentially, destroy components in electricity transmission networks, which in turn can lead to major blackouts. In our recent work, we study the risk of hurricane-induced cascading failures in power systems of the U.S. East Coast using historical wind field data sets. For this purpose, we model the destruction of overhead transmission lines during hurricanes, where each failing line causes a rerouting of power flow in the system. New power flows can overload additional lines, which are then automatically deactivated and thereby cause another rerouting of power flow and so on. Ultimately, a cascade of failures can unfold that can black out large parts of the power system.      
### 43.A Novel Low Complexity Faster-than-Nyquist (FTN) Signaling Detector for Ultra High-Order QAM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00805.pdf)
>  Faster-than-Nyquist (FTN) signaling is a promising non-orthogonal pulse modulation technique that can improve the spectral efficiency (SE) of next generation communication systems at the expense of higher detection complexity to remove the introduced inter-symbol interference (ISI). In this paper, we investigate the detection problem of ultra high-order quadrature-amplitude modulation (QAM) FTN signaling where we exploit a mathematical programming technique based on the alternating directions multiplier method (ADMM). The proposed ADMM sequence estimation (ADMMSE) FTN signaling detector demonstrates an excellent trade-off between performance and computational effort enabling, for the first time in the FTN signaling literature, successful detection and SE gains for QAM modulation orders as high as 64K (65,536). The complexity of the proposed ADMMSE detector is polynomial in the length of the transmit symbols sequence and its sensitivity to the modulation order increases only logarithmically. Simulation results show that for 16-QAM, the proposed ADMMSE FTN signaling detector achieves comparable SE gains to the generalized approach semidefinite relaxation-based sequence estimation (GASDRSE) FTN signaling detector, but at an experimentally evaluated much lower computational time. Simulation results additionally show SE gains for modulation orders starting from 4-QAM, or quadrature phase shift keying (QPSK), up to and including 64K-QAM when compared to conventional Nyquist signaling. The very low computational effort required makes the proposed ADMMSE detector a practically promising FTN signaling detector for both low order and ultra high-order QAM FTN signaling systems.      
### 44.Reinforcement Learning for Feedback-Enabled Cyber Resilience  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00783.pdf)
>  The rapid growth in the number of devices and their connectivity has enlarged the attack surface and weakened cyber systems. As attackers become increasingly sophisticated and resourceful, mere reliance on traditional cyber protection, such as intrusion detection, firewalls, and encryption, is insufficient to secure cyber systems. Cyber resilience provides a new security paradigm that complements inadequate protection with resilience mechanisms. A Cyber-Resilient Mechanism (CRM) adapts to the known or zero-day threats and uncertainties in real-time and strategically responds to them to maintain the critical functions of the cyber systems. Feedback architectures play a pivotal role in enabling the online sensing, reasoning, and actuation of the CRM. Reinforcement Learning (RL) is an important class of algorithms that epitomize the feedback architectures for cyber resiliency, allowing the CRM to provide dynamic and sequential responses to attacks with limited prior knowledge of the attacker. In this work, we review the literature on RL for cyber resiliency and discuss the cyber-resilient defenses against three major types of vulnerabilities, i.e., posture-related, information-related, and human-related vulnerabilities. We introduce moving target defense, defensive cyber deception, and assistive human security technologies as three application domains of CRMs to elaborate on their designs. The RL technique also has vulnerabilities itself. We explain the major vulnerabilities of RL and present several attack models in which the attacks target the rewards, the measurements, and the actuators. We show that the attacker can trick the RL agent into learning a nefarious policy with minimum attacking effort, which shows serious security concerns for RL-enabled systems. Finally, we discuss the future challenges of RL for cyber security and resiliency and emerging applications of RL-based CRMs.      
### 45.Autonomous Navigation for Quadrupedal Robots with Optimized Jumping through Constrained Obstacles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00773.pdf)
>  Quadrupeds are strong candidates for navigating challenging environments because of their agile and dynamic designs. This paper presents a methodology that extends the range of exploration for quadrupedal robots by creating an end-to-end navigation framework that exploits walking and jumping modes. To obtain a dynamic jumping maneuver while avoiding obstacles, dynamically-feasible trajectories are optimized offline through collocation-based optimization where safety constraints are imposed. Such optimization schematic allows the robot to jump through window-shaped obstacles by considering both obstacles in the air and on the ground. The resulted jumping mode is utilized in an autonomous navigation pipeline that leverages a search-based global planner and a local planner to enable the robot to reach the goal location by walking. A state machine together with a decision making strategy allows the system to switch behaviors between walking around obstacles or jumping through them. The proposed framework is experimentally deployed and validated on a quadrupedal robot, a Mini Cheetah, to enable the robot to autonomously navigate through an environment while avoiding obstacles and jumping over a maximum height of 13 cm to pass through a window-shaped opening in order to reach its goal.      
### 46.Design Optimization of Monoblade Autorotating Pods To Exhibit an Unconventional Descent Technique Using Glauert's Modelling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00738.pdf)
>  Many unconventional descent mechanisms are evolved in nature to maximize the dispersion of seeds to increase the population of floral species. The induced autorotation produces lift through asymmetrical weight distribution, increasing the fall duration and giving the seed extra time to get drifted away by the wind. The proposed bio-inspired concept was used to produce novel modern pods for various aerospace applications that require free-falling or controlled velocity descent in planetary or interplanetary missions without relying on traditional techniques such as propulsion-based descent and the use of parachutes. We provide an explanation for the design procedure and the functioning of a mono blade auto-rotating wing. An element-based computational method based on Glauert's blade element momentum theory (BEMT) model was employed to estimate the geometry by maximizing the coefficient of power through MATLAB's optimization toolbox using the Sequential quadratic programming (SQP) solver. The dynamic model was developed for the single-wing design through the MATLAB Simulink 6-DOF toolbox to carry out a free-flight simulation of the wing to verify its global stability.      
### 47.Normalizing Flow based Hidden Markov Models for Classification of Speech Phones with Explainability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.00730.pdf)
>  In pursuit of explainability, we develop generative models for sequential data. The proposed models provide state-of-the-art classification results and robust performance for speech phone classification. We combine modern neural networks (normalizing flows) and traditional generative models (hidden Markov models - HMMs). Normalizing flow-based mixture models (NMMs) are used to model the conditional probability distribution given the hidden state in the HMMs. Model parameters are learned through judicious combinations of time-tested Bayesian learning methods and contemporary neural network learning methods. We mainly combine expectation-maximization (EM) and mini-batch gradient descent. The proposed generative models can compute likelihood of a data and hence directly suitable for maximum-likelihood (ML) classification approach. Due to structural flexibility of HMMs, we can use different normalizing flow models. This leads to different types of HMMs providing diversity in data modeling capacity. The diversity provides an opportunity for easy decision fusion from different models. For a standard speech phone classification setup involving 39 phones (classes) and the TIMIT dataset, we show that the use of standard features called mel-frequency-cepstral-coeffcients (MFCCs), the proposed generative models, and the decision fusion together can achieve $86.6\%$ accuracy by generative training only. This result is close to state-of-the-art results, for examples, $86.2\%$ accuracy of PyTorch-Kaldi toolkit [1], and $85.1\%$ accuracy using light gated recurrent units [2]. We do not use any discriminative learning approach and related sophisticated features in this article.      
