# ArXiv eess --Wed, 28 Jul 2021
### 1.Optimizing Operating Points for High Performance Lesion Detection and Segmentation Using Lesion Size Reweighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12978.pdf)
>  There are many clinical contexts which require accurate detection and segmentation of all focal pathologies (e.g. lesions, tumours) in patient images. In cases where there are a mix of small and large lesions, standard binary cross entropy loss will result in better segmentation of large lesions at the expense of missing small ones. Adjusting the operating point to accurately detect all lesions generally leads to oversegmentation of large lesions. In this work, we propose a novel reweighing strategy to eliminate this performance gap, increasing small pathology detection performance while maintaining segmentation accuracy. We show that our reweighing strategy vastly outperforms competing strategies based on experiments on a large scale, multi-scanner, multi-center dataset of Multiple Sclerosis patient images.      
### 2.Identification of oil starvation in hydrodynamic journal bearing using rotor vibration and Extended Kalman Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12966.pdf)
>  Oil starvation is a critical fault in hydrodynamic bearings caused by insufficient oil supply flowrate. When late detected, this fault can deteriorate the bearings' performance and damage the rotating machine. Thus, early fault identification techniques should be applied to avoid this scenario and allow effective maintenance. However, the literature about the identification of oil starvation fault is relatively recent and very scarce. Among the few studies available, oil starvation has been identified in early stages using a purely deterministic technique, which can be jeopardized by model inaccuracy. Alternatively, this paper proposes a novel method for the identification of oil starvation faults in hydrodynamic bearings using the rotor vibrational responses and the Extended Kalman Filter (EKF), which is a stochastic-determinist state estimator that can deal with modelling and measurement errors. Computational simulations performed in this paper show that the proposed method is suitable to successfully identify the oil starvation faults in real-time even with noisy vibrational responses, thus representing a promising tool for the monitoring of rotating machines.      
### 3.A Greedy Data Collection Scheme For Linear Dynamical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12950.pdf)
>  Mathematical models are essential to analyze and understand the dynamics of complex systems. Recently, data-driven methodologies have got a lot of attention which is leveraged by advancements in sensor technology. However, the quality of obtained data plays a vital role in learning a good and reliable model. Therefore, in this paper, we propose an efficient heuristic methodology to collect data both in the frequency domain and time-domain, aiming at the best possible information gain from limited experimental data. The efficiency of the proposed methodology is illustrated by means of several examples, and also, its robustness in the presence of noisy data is shown.      
### 4.Learning-based Prediction, Rendering and Transmission for Interactive Virtual Reality in RIS-Assisted Terahertz Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12943.pdf)
>  The quality of experience (QoE) requirements of wireless Virtual Reality (VR) can only be satisfied with high data rate, high reliability, and low VR interaction latency. This high data rate over short transmission distances may be achieved via abundant bandwidth in the terahertz (THz) band. However, THz waves suffer from severe signal attenuation, which may be compensated by the reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) technology with programmable reflecting elements. Meanwhile, the low VR interaction latency may be achieved with the mobile edge computing (MEC) network architecture due to its high computation capability. Motivated by these considerations, in this paper, we propose a MEC-enabled and RIS-assisted THz VR network in an indoor scenario, by taking into account the uplink viewpoint prediction and position transmission, MEC rendering, and downlink transmission. We propose two methods, which are referred to as centralized online Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU) and distributed Federated Averaging (FedAvg), to predict the viewpoints of VR users. In the uplink, an algorithm that integrates online Long-short Term Memory (LSTM) and Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) is deployed to predict the locations and the line-of-sight and non-line-of-sight statuses of the VR users over time. In the downlink, we further develop a constrained deep reinforcement learning algorithm to select the optimal phase shifts of the RIS under latency constraints. Simulation results show that our proposed learning architecture achieves near-optimal QoE as that of the genie-aided benchmark algorithm, and about two times improvement in QoE compared to the random phase shift selection scheme.      
### 5.Optimal Frequency Regulation using Packetized Energy Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12939.pdf)
>  Packetized energy management (PEM) is a demand dispatch scheme that can be used to provide ancillary services such as frequency regulation. In PEM, distributed energy resources (DERs) are granted uninterruptible access to the grid for a pre-specified time interval called the packet length. This results in a down ramp-limited response in PEM for DERs that can only consume power from the grid. In this work, a linearized virtual battery model of PEM is provided that is capable of predicting the down-ramp limited output of PEM and is used in a model predictive control (MPC) framework to improve the performance of PEM in tracking an automatic generation control (AGC) signal. By performing statistical analysis on the AGC regulation signal, PJM Reg-D, an ARMA model is derived as a predictor for the MPC-based precompensator. Finally, as an alternative to MPC, it is shown that by varying the packet length as a function of time, for example through packet randomization, frequency regulation can be improved under PEM.      
### 6.Finite-Time Gradient Descent-Based Adaptive Neural Network Finite-Time Control Design for Attitude Tracking of a 3-DOF Helicopter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12924.pdf)
>  This paper investigates a novel finite-time gradient descent-based adaptive neural network finite-time control strategy for the attitude tracking of a 3-DOF lab helicopter platform subject to composite disturbances. First, the radial basis function neural network (RBFNN) is applied to estimate lumped disturbances, where the weights, centers and widths of the RBFNN are trained online via finite-time gradient descent algorithm. Then, a finite-time backstepping control scheme is constructed to fulfill the tracking control of the elevation and pitch angles. In addition, a hybrid finite-time differentiator (HFTD) is introduced for approximating the intermediate control signal and its derivative to avoid the problem of "explosion of complexity" in the traditional backstepping design protocol. Moreover, the errors caused by the HFTD can be attenuated by the combination of compensation signals. With the aid of the stability theorem, it is proved that the closed-loop system is semi-globally uniformly ultimately boundedness in finite time. Finally, a comparison result is provided to illustrate the effectiveness and advantages of the designed control strategy.      
### 7.Sparse Bayesian Deep Learning for Dynamic System Identification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12910.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a sparse Bayesian treatment of deep neural networks (DNNs) for system identification. Although DNNs show impressive approximation ability in various fields, several challenges still exist for system identification problems. First, DNNs are known to be too complex that they can easily overfit the training data. Second, the selection of the input regressors for system identification is nontrivial. Third, uncertainty quantification of the model parameters and predictions are necessary. The proposed Bayesian approach offers a principled way to alleviate the above challenges by marginal likelihood/model evidence approximation and structured group sparsity-inducing priors construction. The identification algorithm is derived as an iterative regularized optimization procedure that can be solved as efficiently as training typical DNNs. Furthermore, a practical calculation approach based on the Monte-Carlo integration method is derived to quantify the uncertainty of the parameters and predictions. The effectiveness of the proposed Bayesian approach is demonstrated on several linear and nonlinear systems identification benchmarks with achieving good and competitive simulation accuracy.      
### 8.Improved-Mask R-CNN: Towards an Accurate Generic MSK MRI instance segmentation platform (Data from the Osteoarthritis Initiative)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12889.pdf)
>  Objective assessment of Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans of osteoarthritis (OA) can address the limitation of the current OA assessment. Segmentation of bone, cartilage, and joint fluid is necessary for the OA objective assessment. Most of the proposed segmentation methods are not performing instance segmentation and suffer from class imbalance problems. This study deployed Mask R-CNN instance segmentation and improved it (improved-Mask R-CNN (iMaskRCNN)) to obtain a more accurate generalized segmentation for OA-associated tissues. Training and validation of the method were performed using 500 MRI knees from the Osteoarthritis Initiative (OAI) dataset and 97 MRI scans of patients with symptomatic hip OA. Three modifications to Mask R-CNN yielded the iMaskRCNN: adding a 2nd ROIAligned block, adding an extra decoder layer to the mask-header, and connecting them by a skip connection. The results were assessed using Hausdorff distance, dice score, and coefficients of variation (CoV). The iMaskRCNN led to improved bone and cartilage segmentation compared to Mask RCNN as indicated with the increase in dice score from 95% to 98% for the femur, 95% to 97% for tibia, 71% to 80% for femoral cartilage, and 81% to 82% for tibial cartilage. For the effusion detection, dice improved with iMaskRCNN 72% versus MaskRCNN 71%. The CoV values for effusion detection between Reader1 and Mask R-CNN (0.33), Reader1 and iMaskRCNN (0.34), Reader2 and Mask R-CNN (0.22), Reader2 and iMaskRCNN (0.29) are close to CoV between two readers (0.21), indicating a high agreement between the human readers and both Mask R-CNN and iMaskRCNN. Mask R-CNN and iMaskRCNN can reliably and simultaneously extract different scale articular tissues involved in OA, forming the foundation for automated assessment of OA. The iMaskRCNN results show that the modification improved the network performance around the edges.      
### 9.Linear Prediction Residual for Efficient Diagnosis of Parkinson's Disease from Gait  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12878.pdf)
>  Parkinson's Disease (PD) is a chronic and progressive neurological disorder that results in rigidity, tremors and postural instability. There is no definite medical test to diagnose PD and diagnosis is mostly a clinical exercise. Although guidelines exist, about 10-30% of the patients are wrongly diagnosed with PD. Hence, there is a need for an accurate, unbiased and fast method for diagnosis. In this study, we propose LPGNet, a fast and accurate method to diagnose PD from gait. LPGNet uses Linear Prediction Residuals (LPR) to extract discriminating patterns from gait recordings and then uses a 1D convolution neural network with depth-wise separable convolutions to perform diagnosis. LPGNet achieves an AUC of 0.91 with a 21 times speedup and about 99% lesser parameters in the model compared to the state of the art. We also undertake an analysis of various cross-validation strategies used in literature in PD diagnosis from gait and find that most methods are affected by some form of data leakage between various folds which leads to unnecessarily large models and inflated performance due to overfitting. The analysis clears the path for future works in correctly evaluating their methods.      
### 10.Higher-order sliding mode observer design for linear time-invariant multivariable systems based on a new observer normal form  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12846.pdf)
>  In various applications in the field of control engineering the estimation of the state variables of dynamic systems in the presence of unknown inputs plays an important role. Existing methods require the so-called observer matching condition to be satisfied, rely on the boundedness of the state variables or exhibit an increased observer order of twice the plant order. In this article, a novel observer normal form for strongly observable linear time-invariant multivariable systems is proposed. In contrast to classical normal forms, the proposed approach also takes the unknown inputs into account. The proposed observer normal form allows for the straightforward construction of a higher-order sliding mode observer, which ensures global convergence of the estimation error within finite time even in the presence of unknown bounded inputs. Its application is not restricted to systems which satisfy the aforementioned limitations of already existing unknown input observers. The proposed approach can be exploited for the reconstruction of unknown inputs with bounded derivative and robust state-feedback control, which is shown by means of a tutorial example. Numerical simulations confirm the effectiveness of the presented work.      
### 11.Conflict-Free Four-Dimensional Path Planning for Urban Air Mobility Considering Airspace Occupations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12829.pdf)
>  Urban air mobility (UAM) has attracted the attention of aircraft manufacturers, air navigation service providers and governments in recent years. Preventing the conflict among urban aircraft is crucial to UAM traffic safety, which is a key in enabling large scale UAM operation. Pre-flight conflict-free path planning can provide a strategic layer in the maintenance of safety performance, thus becomes an important element in UAM. This paper aims at tackling conflict-free path planning problem for UAM operation with a consideration of four-dimensional airspace management. In the first place, we introduced and extended a four-dimensional airspace management concept, AirMatrix. On the basis of AirMatrix, we formulated the shortest flight time path planning problem considering resolution of conflicts with both static and dynamic obstacles. A Conflict-Free A-Star algorithm was developed for planning four-dimensional paths based on first-come-first-served scheme. The algorithm contains a novel design of heuristic function as well as a conflict detection and resolution strategy. Numerical experiment was carried out in Jurong East area in Singapore, and the results show that the algorithm can generate paths resolving a significant number of potential conflicts in airspace utilization, with acceptable computational time and flight delay. The contributions of this study provide references for stakeholders to support the development of UAM.      
### 12.Exploring the Interdependencies Between Transmit Waveform Ambiguity Function Shape and Off-Axis Bearing Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12827.pdf)
>  The frequency dependent beampatterns of an active sonar projector filters the acoustic signal that is transmitted into the medium, also known as the transmit waveform. This filtering encodes information about the target's bearing relative to the main response axis. For any given projector and transmit waveform spectrum, there exists an optimal angle of operation which maximizes the Fisher Information (FI) of the target bearing estimate. Previous investigations into this phenomena show that for narrowband (i.e, high $Q$) Linear Frequency Modulated (LFM) waveforms, the angle of maximum FI is solely determined by its center frequency $f_c$. Steering the region of maximum bearing estimation precision is then achieved by appropriate selection of the LFM waveform's center frequency $f_c$. This fine bearing estimation is accomplished without steering the projector's main response axis. In addition to LFM waveforms, a wide variety of other active sonar waveform types exist that possess distinct spectral characteristics. These other waveforms possess different Ambiguity Function (AF) shapes from the LFM and are typically utilized to suite the range-Doppler resolution requirements of the active sonar system. This paper investigates the transmit waveform impact on off-axis bearing estimation performance and the spectral filtering impact on the waveform's AF shape. High $Q$ waveforms perform similarly to the LFM for off-axis bearing estimation while the transducer's spectral filtering perturbs the waveform's AF shape.      
### 13.Neural Style Transfer Enhanced Training Support For Human Activity Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12821.pdf)
>  This work presents an application of Integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) system for monitoring human activities directly related to healthcare. Real-time monitoring of humans can assist professionals in providing healthy living enabling technologies to ensure the health, safety, and well-being of people of all age groups. To enhance the human activity recognition performance of the ISAC system, we propose to use synthetic data generated through our human micro-Doppler simulator, SimHumalator to augment our limited measurement data. We generate a more realistic micro-Doppler signature dataset using a style-transfer neural network. The proposed network extracts environmental effects such as noise, multipath, and occlusions effects directly from the measurement data and transfers these features to our clean simulated signatures. This results in more realistic-looking signatures qualitatively and quantitatively. We use these enhanced signatures to augment our measurement data and observe an improvement in the classification performance by 5% compared to no augmentation case. Further, we benchmark the data augmentation performance of the style transferred signatures with three other synthetic datasets -- clean simulated spectrograms (no environmental effects), simulated data with added AWGN noise, and simulated data with GAN generated noise. The results indicate that style transferred simulated signatures well captures environmental factors more than any other synthetic dataset.      
### 14.Realistic Ultrasound Image Synthesis for Improved Classification of Liver Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12775.pdf)
>  With the success of deep learning-based methods applied in medical image analysis, convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been investigated for classifying liver disease from ultrasound (US) data. However, the scarcity of available large-scale labeled US data has hindered the success of CNNs for classifying liver disease from US data. In this work, we propose a novel generative adversarial network (GAN) architecture for realistic diseased and healthy liver US image synthesis. We adopt the concept of stacking to synthesize realistic liver US data. Quantitative and qualitative evaluation is performed on 550 in-vivo B-mode liver US images collected from 55 subjects. We also show that the synthesized images, together with real in vivo data, can be used to significantly improve the performance of traditional CNN architectures for Nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) classification.      
### 15.Reradiation and Scattering from a Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface: A General Macroscopic Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12773.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) have attracted attention in the last year as nearly-passive, planar structures that can dynamically change their reflection or refraction characteristics, and therefore realize anomalous reflection, focalization, or other radiowave or signal transformations, to engineer and optimize complex propagation environments. Evaluating the performance and optimizing the deployment of RISs in wireless networks need physically sound frameworks that account for the actual electromagnetic and physical characteristics of engineered metasurfaces. In this paper, we introduce a general macroscopic model for the realistic evaluation of RIS scattering, based on its decomposition into multiple scattering mechanisms. Since state-of-the-art ray models can already efficiently simulate specular interactions (reflection, diffraction) and diffuse scattering, but not anomalous reradiation, we complement them with a Huygens principle approach implemented using either an integral formulation, or a simpler antenna-array-like formulation. The different scattering mechanisms are combined through a generalization of the Effective Roughness model using a suitable power conservation equation. Notably, multiple reradiation modes can be modeled through the proposed approach. In addition, we validate the overall model accuracy by benchmarking it against several case studies available in the literature, either based on analytical models, full-wave simulations, or experimental measurements.      
### 16.End-to-End Spectro-Temporal Graph Attention Networks for Speaker Verification Anti-Spoofing and Speech Deepfake Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12710.pdf)
>  Artefacts that serve to distinguish bona fide speech from spoofed or deepfake speech are known to reside in specific subbands and temporal segments. Various approaches can be used to capture and model such artefacts, however, none works well across a spectrum of diverse spoofing attacks. Reliable detection then often depends upon the fusion of multiple detection systems, each tuned to detect different forms of attack. In this paper we show that better performance can be achieved when the fusion is performed within the model itself and when the representation is learned automatically from raw waveform inputs. The principal contribution is a spectro-temporal graph attention network (GAT) which learns the relationship between cues spanning different sub-bands and temporal intervals. Using a model-level graph fusion of spectral (S) and temporal (T) sub-graphs and a graph pooling strategy to improve discrimination, the proposed RawGAT-ST model achieves an equal error rate of 1.06 % for the ASVspoof 2019 logical access database. This is one of the best results reported to date and is reproducible using an open source implementation.      
### 17.A persistent homology-based topological loss for CNN-based multi-class segmentation of CMR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12689.pdf)
>  Multi-class segmentation of cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) images seeks a separation of data into anatomical components with known structure and configuration. The most popular CNN-based methods are optimised using pixel wise loss functions, ignorant of the spatially extended features that characterise anatomy. Therefore, whilst sharing a high spatial overlap with the ground truth, inferred CNN-based segmentations can lack coherence, including spurious connected components, holes and voids. Such results are implausible, violating anticipated anatomical topology. In response, (single-class) persistent homology-based loss functions have been proposed to capture global anatomical features. Our work extends these approaches to the task of multi-class segmentation. Building an enriched topological description of all class labels and class label pairs, our loss functions make predictable and statistically significant improvements in segmentation topology using a CNN-based post-processing framework. We also present (and make available) a highly efficient implementation based on cubical complexes and parallel execution, enabling practical application within high resolution 3D data for the first time. We demonstrate our approach on 2D short axis and 3D whole heart CMR segmentation, advancing a detailed and faithful analysis of performance on two publicly available datasets.      
### 18.Toward simple "silico" experiments for drugs administration in some cancer treatments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12688.pdf)
>  We present some "in silico" experiments to design combined chemo- and immunotherapy treatment schedules. We introduce a new framework by combining flatness-based control, which is a model-based setting, along with model-free control. The flatness property of the used mathematical model yields straightforward reference trajectories. They provide us with the nominal open-loop control inputs. Closing the loop via model-free control allows to deal with the uncertainties on the injected drug doses. Several numerical simulations illustrating different case studies are displayed. We show in particular that the considered health indicators are driven to the safe region, even for critical initial conditions. Furthermore, in some specific cases there is no need to inject chemotherapeutic agents.      
### 19.An Optimal Piezoelectric Beam for Acoustic Energy Harvesting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12671.pdf)
>  This study presents a novel piezoelectric beam structure for acoustic energy harvesting. The beams have been designed to maximize output energy in areas where the noise level is loud such as highway traffic. The beam consists of two layers of copper and polyvinylidene fluoride that convert the ambient noise's vibration energy to electrical energy. The piezoelectric material's optimum placement has been studied, and its best position is obtained on the substrate for the maximum yield. Unlike previous studies, in which the entire beam substrate used to be covered by a material, this study presents a modest material usage and contributes to lowering the harvester's final production cost. Additionally, in this study, an electrical model was developed for the sensor and a read-out circuitry was proposed for the converter. Moreover, the sensor was validated at different noise levels at various lengths and locations. The simulations were performed in COMSOL Multiphysics and MATLAB and report a maximum sound pressure of 140 dB from 100 dB point sources in an enclosed air-filled cubic meter chamber.      
### 20.HAPS Selection for Hybrid RF/FSO Satellite Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12638.pdf)
>  Non-terrestrial networks have been attracting much interest from the industry and academia. Satellites and high altitude platform station (HAPS) systems are expected to be the key enablers of next-generation wireless networks. In this paper, we introduce a novel downlink satellite communication (SatCom) model where free-space optical (FSO) communication is used between a satellite and HAPS node, and a hybrid FSO/radio-frequency (RF) transmission model is used between the HAPS node and ground station (GS). In the first phase of transmission, the satellite selects the HAPS node that provides the highest signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). In the second phase, the selected HAPS decodes and forwards the signal to the GS. To evaluate the performance of the proposed system, outage probability expressions are derived for exponentiated Weibull (EW) and shadowed-Rician fading models while considering the atmospheric turbulence, stratospheric attenuation, and attenuation due to scattering, path loss, and pointing errors. Furthermore, the impact of aperture averaging, temperature, and wind speed are investigated. Finally, we provide some important guidelines that can be helpful for the design of practical HAPS-aided SatCom.      
### 21.Learning to Estimate RIS-Aided mmWave Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12631.pdf)
>  Inspired by the remarkable learning and prediction performance of deep neural networks (DNNs), we apply one special type of DNN framework, known as model-driven deep unfolding neural network, to reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided millimeter wave (mmWave) single-input multiple-output (SIMO) systems. We focus on uplink cascaded channel estimation, where known and fixed base station combining and RIS phase control matrices are considered for collecting observations. To boost the estimation performance and reduce the training overhead, the inherent channel sparsity of mmWave channels is leveraged in the deep unfolding method. It is verified that the proposed deep unfolding network architecture can outperform the least squares (LS) method with a relatively smaller training overhead and online computational complexity.      
### 22.Tracking Fast Neural Adaptation by Globally Adaptive Point Process Estimation for Brain-Machine Interface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12609.pdf)
>  Brain-machine interfaces (BMIs) help the disabled restore body functions by translating neural activity into digital commands to control external devices. Neural adaptation, where the brain signals change in response to external stimuli or movements, plays an important role in BMIs. When subjects purely use neural activity to brain-control a prosthesis, some neurons will actively explore a new tuning property to accomplish the movement task. The prediction of this neural tuning property can help subjects adapt more efficiently to brain control and maintain good decoding performance. Existing prediction methods track the slow change of the tuning property in the manual control, which is not suitable for the fast neural adaptation in brain control. In order to identify the active neurons in brain control and track their tuning property changes, we propose a globally adaptive point process method (GaPP) to estimate the neural modulation state from spike trains, decompose the states into the hyper preferred direction and reconstruct the kinematics in a dual-model framework. We implement the method on real data from rats performing a two-lever discrimination task under manual control and brain control. The results show our method successfully predicts the neural modulation state and identifies the neurons that become active in brain control. Compared to existing methods, ours tracks the fast changes of the hyper preferred direction from manual control to brain control more accurately and efficiently and reconstructs the kinematics better and faster.      
### 23.Microphone Array Generalization for Multichannel Narrowband Deep Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12601.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of microphone array generalization for deep-learning-based end-to-end multichannel speech enhancement. We aim to train a unique deep neural network (DNN) potentially performing well on unseen microphone arrays. The microphone array geometry shapes the network's parameters when training on a fixed microphone array, and thus restricts the generalization of the trained network to another microphone array. To resolve this problem, a single network is trained using data recorded by various microphone arrays of different geometries. We design three variants of our recently proposed narrowband network to cope with the agnostic number of microphones. Overall, the goal is to make the network learn the universal information for speech enhancement that is available for any array geometry, rather than learn the one-array-dedicated characteristics. The experiments on both simulated and real room impulse responses (RIR) demonstrate the excellent across-array generalization capability of the proposed networks, in the sense that their performance measures are very close to, or even exceed the network trained with test arrays. Moreover, they notably outperform various beamforming methods and other advanced deep-learning-based methods.      
### 24.A Novel Interactive Two-stage Joint Retail Electricity Market for Multiple Microgrids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12588.pdf)
>  To accommodate the advent of microgrids (MG) managing distributed energy resources (DER) in distribution systems, an interactive two-stage joint retail electricity market mechanism is proposed to provide an effective platform for these prosumers to proactively join in retail transactions. Day-ahead stochastic energy trading between the distribution system operator (DSO) and MGs is conducted in the first stage of a centralized retail market, where a chance-constrained uncertainty distribution locational marginal price (CC-UDLMP) containing the cost of uncertainty precautions is used to settle transactions. In the second stage, a novel intra-day peer-to-peer-based (P2P) flexibility transaction pattern is implemented between MGs in local flexibility markets under the regulation of DSO to eliminate power imbalances caused by rolling-based estimates whilst considering systematic operations. A fully distributed iterative algorithm is presented to find the equilibrium solution of this two-stage sequential game framework. Moreover, in order to enhance the versatility of this algorithm, an improved Lp-box alternating direction methods of multipliers (ADMM) algorithm is used to efficiently resolve the first-stage stochastic economic dispatch problem with a mixed-integer second-order cone structure. It is verified that the proposed market mechanism can effectively improve the overall market efficiency under uncertainties.      
### 25.Event-driven Two-stage Solution to Non-intrusive Load Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12582.pdf)
>  Existing methods of non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM) in literatures generally suffer from high computational complexity and/or low accuracy in identifying working household appliances. This paper proposes an event-driven Factorial Hidden Markov model (eFHMM) for multiple appliances with multiple states in a household, aiming for low computational complexity and high load disaggregation accuracy. The proposed eFHMM decreases the computational complexity to be linear to the event number, which ensures online load disaggregation. Furthermore, the eFHMM is solved in two stages, where the first stage identifies state-changing appliance using transient signatures and the second stage confirms the inferred states using steady-state signatures. The combination of transient and steady-state signatures, which are extracted from transient and steady periods segmented by detected events, enhances the uniqueness of each state transition and associated appliances, which ensures accurate load disaggregation. The event-driven two-stage NILM solution, termed as eFHMM-TS, is naturally fit into an edge-cloud framework, which makes possible the real-world application of NILM. The proposed eFHMM-TS method is validated on the LIFTED and synD datasets. Results demonstrate that the eFHMM-TS method outperforms other methods and can be applied in practice.      
### 26.Double Deep Q-learning Based Real-Time Optimization Strategy for Microgrids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12545.pdf)
>  The uncertainties from distributed energy resources (DERs) bring significant challenges to the real-time operation of microgrids. In addition, due to the nonlinear constraints in the AC power flow equation and the nonlinearity of the battery storage model, etc., the optimization of the microgrid is a mixed-integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) problem. It is challenging to solve this kind of stochastic nonlinear optimization problem. To address the challenge, this paper proposes a deep reinforcement learning (DRL) based optimization strategy for the real-time operation of the microgrid. Specifically, we construct the detailed operation model for the microgrid and formulate the real-time optimization problem as a Markov Decision Process (MDP). Then, a double deep Q network (DDQN) based architecture is designed to solve the MINLP problem. The proposed approach can learn a near-optimal strategy only from the historical data. The effectiveness of the proposed algorithm is validated by the simulations on a 10-bus microgrid system and a modified IEEE 69-bus microgrid system. The numerical simulation results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms several existing methods.      
### 27.SaRNet: A Dataset for Deep Learning Assisted Search and Rescue with Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12469.pdf)
>  Access to high resolution satellite imagery has dramatically increased in recent years as several new constellations have entered service. High revisit frequencies as well as improved resolution has widened the use cases of satellite imagery to areas such as humanitarian relief and even Search and Rescue (SaR). We propose a novel remote sensing object detection dataset for deep learning assisted SaR. This dataset contains only small objects that have been identified as potential targets as part of a live SaR response. We evaluate the application of popular object detection models to this dataset as a baseline to inform further research. We also propose a novel object detection metric, specifically designed to be used in a deep learning assisted SaR setting.      
### 28.Sharp U-Net: Depthwise Convolutional Network for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12461.pdf)
>  The U-Net architecture, built upon the fully convolutional network, has proven to be effective in biomedical image segmentation. However, U-Net applies skip connections to merge semantically different low- and high-level convolutional features, resulting in not only blurred feature maps, but also over- and under-segmented target regions. To address these limitations, we propose a simple, yet effective end-to-end depthwise encoder-decoder fully convolutional network architecture, called Sharp U-Net, for binary and multi-class biomedical image segmentation. The key rationale of Sharp U-Net is that instead of applying a plain skip connection, a depthwise convolution of the encoder feature map with a sharpening kernel filter is employed prior to merging the encoder and decoder features, thereby producing a sharpened intermediate feature map of the same size as the encoder map. Using this sharpening filter layer, we are able to not only fuse semantically less dissimilar features, but also to smooth out artifacts throughout the network layers during the early stages of training. Our extensive experiments on six datasets show that the proposed Sharp U-Net model consistently outperforms or matches the recent state-of-the-art baselines in both binary and multi-class segmentation tasks, while adding no extra learnable parameters. Furthermore, Sharp U-Net outperforms baselines that have more than three times the number of learnable parameters.      
### 29.Asynchronous Distributed Reinforcement Learning for LQR Control via Zeroth-Order Block Coordinate Descent  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12416.pdf)
>  Recently introduced distributed zeroth-order optimization (ZOO) algorithms have shown their utility in distributed reinforcement learning (RL). Unfortunately, in the gradient estimation process, almost all of them require random samples with the same dimension as the global variable and/or require evaluation of the global cost function, which may induce high estimation variance for large-scale networks. In this paper, we propose a novel distributed zeroth-order algorithm by leveraging the network structure inherent in the optimization objective, which allows each agent to estimate its local gradient by local cost evaluation independently, without use of any consensus protocol. The proposed algorithm exhibits an asynchronous update scheme, and is designed for stochastic non-convex optimization with a possibly non-convex feasible domain based on the block coordinate descent method. The algorithm is later employed as a distributed model-free RL algorithm for distributed linear quadratic regulator design, where a learning graph is designed to describe the required interaction relationship among agents in distributed learning. We provide an empirical validation of the proposed algorithm to benchmark its performance on convergence rate and variance against a centralized ZOO algorithm.      
### 30.A rigorous formulation of and partial results on Lorenz's "consensus strikes back" phenomenon for the Hegselmann-Krause model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12906.pdf)
>  In a 2006 paper, Jan Lorenz observed a curious behaviour in numerical simulations of the Hegselmann-Krause model: Under some circumstances, making agents more closed-minded can produce a consensus from a dense configuration of opinions which otherwise leads to fragmentation. Suppose one considers initial opinions equally spaced on an interval of length $L$. As first observed by Lorenz, simulations suggest that there are three intervals $[0, L_1)$, $(L_1, L_2)$ and $(L_2, L_3)$, with $L_1 \approx 5.23$, $L_2 \approx 5.67$ and $L_3 \approx 6.84$ such that, when the number of agents is sufficiently large, consensus occurs in the first and third intervals, whereas for the second interval the system fragments into three clusters. In this paper, we prove consensus for $L \leq 5.2$ and for $L$ sufficiently close to 6. These proofs include large computations and in principle the set of $L$ for which consensus can be proven using our approach may be extended with the use of more computing power. We also prove that the set of $L$ for which consensus occurs is open. Moreover, we prove that, when consensus is assured for the equally spaced systems, this in turn implies asymptotic almost sure consensus for the same values of $L$ when initial opinions are drawn independently and uniformly at random. We thus conjecture a pair of phase transitions, making precise the formulation of Lorenz's "consensus strikes back" hypothesis. Our approach makes use of the continuous agent model introduced by Blondel, Hendrickx and Tsitsiklis. Indeed, one contribution of the paper is to provide a presentation of the relationships between the three different models with equally spaced, uniformly random and continuous agents, respectively, which is more rigorous than what can be found in the existing literature.      
### 31.Audio-to-Score Alignment Using Deep Automatic Music Transcription  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12854.pdf)
>  Audio-to-score alignment (A2SA) is a multimodal task consisting in the alignment of audio signals to music scores. Recent literature confirms the benefits of Automatic Music Transcription (AMT) for A2SA at the frame-level. In this work, we aim to elaborate on the exploitation of AMT Deep Learning (DL) models for achieving alignment at the note-level. We propose a method which benefits from HMM-based score-to-score alignment and AMT, showing a remarkable advancement beyond the state-of-the-art. We design a systematic procedure to take advantage of large datasets which do not offer an aligned score. Finally, we perform a thorough comparison and extensive tests on multiple datasets.      
### 32.Dynamic Power and Frequency Allocation Scheme for Autonomous Platooning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12816.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the use of radio environment maps (REMs) in vehicular dynamic spectrum access (VDSA) for vehicle platooning applications. We propose an algorithm that dynamically allocates the frequency bands and transmission power in the so-called TV white spaces (TVWS) for intra-platoon messaging, intending to maximize the reliability of the communications, simultaneously keeping the interference to the primary system below the required threshold. The proposed solution is evaluated in simulations, with the results indicating a significant increase in communications reliability with VDSA.      
### 33.Short-Term Electricity Price Forecasting based on Graph Convolution Network and Attention Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12794.pdf)
>  In electricity markets, locational marginal price (LMP) forecasting is particularly important for market participants in making reasonable bidding strategies, managing potential trading risks, and supporting efficient system planning and operation. Unlike existing methods that only consider LMPs' temporal features, this paper tailors a spectral graph convolutional network (GCN) to greatly improve the accuracy of short-term LMP forecasting. A three-branch network structure is then designed to match the structure of LMPs' compositions. Such kind of network can extract the spatial-temporal features of LMPs, and provide fast and high-quality predictions for all nodes simultaneously. The attention mechanism is also implemented to assign varying importance weights between different nodes and time slots. Case studies based on the IEEE-118 test system and real-world data from the PJM validate that the proposed model outperforms existing forecasting models in accuracy, and maintains a robust performance by avoiding extreme errors.      
### 34.Multi-modal estimation of the properties of containers and their content: survey and evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12719.pdf)
>  Acoustic and visual sensing can support the contactless estimation of the weight of a container and the amount of its content when the container is manipulated by a person. However, transparencies (both of the container and of the content) and the variability of materials, shapes and sizes make this problem challenging. In this paper, we present an open benchmarking framework and an in-depth comparative analysis of recent methods that estimate the capacity of a container, as well as the type, mass, and amount of its content. These methods use learned and handcrafted features, such as mel-frequency cepstrum coefficients, zero-crossing rate, spectrograms, with different types of classifiers to estimate the type and amount of the content with acoustic data, and geometric approaches with visual data to determine the capacity of the container. Results on a newly distributed dataset show that audio alone is a strong modality and methods achieves a weighted average F1-score up to 81% and 97% for content type and level classification, respectively. Estimating the container capacity with vision-only approaches and filling mass with multi-modal, multi-stage algorithms reaches up to 65% weighted average capacity and mass scores.      
### 35.Cooperative Reflection Design with Timing Offsets in Distributed Multi-RIS Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12717.pdf)
>  This letter investigates a wireless communication system deploying distributed reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs). Existing works have assumed that perfect timing synchronization is available among all the cooperative RISs. For practical considerations, we first study cooperative reflection design for multi-RIS-aided communication systems taking into account timing synchronization errors. We aim to minimize the mean-squared error of the recovered data in the presence of timing offsets subject to the unit modulus constraints imposed on the phase shifts of the RISs. In order to handle this sophisticated nonconvex problem, we develop a computationally-efficient algorithm based on the majorization-minimization framework where the RIS phase shift matrices and the timing offset equalizer are respectively developed in a semi-closed form and a closed form. Numerical examples validate the improved performance of our proposed design compared with various schemes.      
### 36.Making grains tangible: microtouch for microsound  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12714.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new research direction for the large family of instrumental musical interfaces where sound is generated using digital granular synthesis, and where interaction and control involve the (fine) operation of stiff, flat contact surfaces. First, within a historical context, a general absence of, and clear need for, tangible output that is dynamically instantiated by the grain-generating process itself is identified. Second, to fill this gap, a concrete general approach is proposed based on the careful construction of non-vibratory and vibratory force pulses, in a one-to-one relationship with sonic grains. An informal pilot psychophysics experiment initiating the approach was conducted, which took into account the two main cases for applying forces to the human skin: perpendicular, and lateral. Initial results indicate that the force pulse approach can enable perceivably multidimensional, tangible display of the ongoing grain-generating process. Moreover, it was found that this can be made to meaningfully happen (in real time) in the same timescale of basic sonic grain generation. This is not a trivial property, and provides an important and positive fundament for further developing this type of enhanced display. It also leads to the exciting prospect of making arbitrary sonic grains actual physical manipulanda.      
### 37.The cyclotactor: towards a tactile platform for musical interaction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12704.pdf)
>  This paper reports on work in progress on a finger-based tactile I/O device for musical interaction. Central to the device is the ability to set up cyclical relationships between tactile input and output. A direct practical application of this to musical interaction is given, using the idea to multiplex two degrees of freedom on a single tactile loop.      
### 38.QoS-aware User Grouping Strategy for Downlink Multi-Cell NOMA Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12676.pdf)
>  In multi-cell non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) systems, designing an appropriate user grouping strategy is an open problem due to diverse quality of service (QoS) requirements and inter-cell interference. In this paper, we exploit both game theory and graph theory to study QoS-aware user grouping strategies, aiming at minimizing power consumption in downlink multi-cell NOMA systems. Under different QoS requirements, we derive the optimal successive interference cancellation (SIC) decoding order with inter-cell interference, which is different from existing SIC decoding order of increasing channel gains, and obtain the corresponding power allocation strategy. Based on this, the exact potential game model of the user grouping strategies adopted by multiple cells is formulated. We prove that, in this game, the problem for each player to find a grouping strategy can be converted into the problem of searching for specific negative loops in the graph composed of users. Bellman-Ford algorithm is expanded to find these negative loops. Furthermore, we design a greedy based suboptimal strategy to approach the optimal solution with polynomial time. Extensive simulations confirm the effectiveness of grouping users with consideration of QoS and inter-cell interference, and show that the proposed strategies can considerably reduce total power consumption comparing with reference strategies.      
### 39.Next-Generation Multiple Access Based on NOMA with Power Level Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12668.pdf)
>  To cope with the explosive traffic growth of next-generation wireless communications, it is necessary to design next-generation multiple access techniques that can provide higher spectral efficiency as well as larger-scale connectivity. As a promising candidate, power-domain non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) has been widely studied. In conventional power-domain NOMA, multiple users are multiplexed in the same time and frequency band by different preset power levels, which, however, may limit the spectral efficiency under practical finite alphabet inputs. Inspired by the concept of spatial modulation, we propose to solve this problem by encoding extra information bits into the power levels, and exploit different signal constellations to help the receiver distinguish between them. To convey this idea, termed power selection (PS)-NOMA, clearly, we consider a simple downlink two-user NOMA system with finite input constellations. Assuming maximum-likelihood detection, we derive closed-form approximate bit error ratio (BER) expressions for both users. The achievable rates of both users are also derived in closed form. Simulation results verify the analysis and show that the proposed PS-NOMA outperforms conventional NOMA in terms of BER and achievable rate.      
### 40.Gradient Play in $n$-Cluster Games with Zero-Order Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12648.pdf)
>  We study a distributed approach for seeking a Nash equilibrium in $n$-cluster games with strictly monotone mappings. Each player within each cluster has access to the current value of her own smooth local cost function estimated by a zero-order oracle at some query point. We assume the agents to be able to communicate with their neighbors in the same cluster over some undirected graph. The goal of the agents in the cluster is to minimize their collective cost. This cost depends, however, on actions of agents from other clusters. Thus, a game between the clusters is to be solved. We present a distributed gradient play algorithm for determining a Nash equilibrium in this game. The algorithm takes into account the communication settings and zero-order information under consideration. We prove almost sure convergence of this algorithm to a Nash equilibrium given appropriate estimations of the local cost functions' gradients.      
### 41.INTPIX4NA -- new integration-type silicon-on-insulator pixel detector for imaging application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12632.pdf)
>  INTPIX4NA is an integration-type silicon-on-insulator pixel detector. This detector has a 14.1 x 8.7 mm^2 sensitive area, 425,984 (832 column x 512 row matrix) pixels and the pixel size is 17 x 17 um^2. This detector was developed for residual stress measurement using X-rays (the cos alpha method). The performance of INTPIX4NA was tested with the synchrotron beamlines of the Photon Factory (KEK), and the following results were obtained. The modulation transfer function, the index of the spatial resolution, was more than 50% at the Nyquist frequency (29.4 cycle/mm). The energy resolution analyzed from the collected charge counts is 35.3%--46.2% at 5.415 keV, 21.7%--35.6% at 8 keV, and 15.7%--19.4% at 12 keV. The X-ray signal can be separated from the noise even at a low energy of 5.415 keV at room temperature (approximately 25--27 degree Celsius). The maximum frame rate at which the signal quality can be maintained is 153 fps in the current measurement system. These results satisfy the required performance in the air and at room temperature (approximately 25--27 degree Celsius) condition that is assumed for the environment of the residual stress measurement.      
### 42.Low-Complexity Improved-Throughput Generalised Spatial Modulation: Bit-to-Symbol Mapping, Detection and Performance Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12630.pdf)
>  Low-complexity improved-throughput generalised spatial modulation (LCIT-GSM) is proposed. More explicitly, in GSM, extra information bits are conveyed implicitly by activating a fixed number $N_{a}$ out of $N_{t}$ transmit antennas (TAs) at a time. As a result, GSM has the advantage of a reduced number of radio-frequency (RF) chains and reduced inter-antenna interference (IAI) at the cost of a lower throughput than its multiplexing-oriented full-RF based counterparts. Variable-${N_a}$ GSM mitigates this throughput reduction by incorporating all possible TA activation patterns associated with a variable value $N_{a}$ ranging from $1$ to $N_{t}$ during a single channel-use, which maximises the throughput of GSM but suffers a high complexity of the mapping book design and demodulation. In order to mitigate the complexity, \emph{first of all}, we propose two efficient schemes for mapping the information bits to the TA activation patterns, which can be readily scaled to massive MIMO setups. \emph{Secondly}, in the absence of IAI, we derive a pair of low-complexity near-optimal detectors, one of them has a reduced search scope, while the other benefits from a decoupled single-stream based signal detection algorithm. \emph{Finally}, the performance of the proposed LCIT-GSM system is characterised by the error probability upper bound (UB). Our Monte Carlo based simulation results confirm the improved error performance of our proposed scheme, despite its reduced signal detection complexity.      
### 43.Unsupervised Deep Anomaly Detection for Multi-Sensor Time-Series Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12626.pdf)
>  Nowadays, multi-sensor technologies are applied in many fields, e.g., Health Care (HC), Human Activity Recognition (HAR), and Industrial Control System (ICS). These sensors can generate a substantial amount of multivariate time-series data. Unsupervised anomaly detection on multi-sensor time-series data has been proven critical in machine learning researches. The key challenge is to discover generalized normal patterns by capturing spatial-temporal correlation in multi-sensor data. Beyond this challenge, the noisy data is often intertwined with the training data, which is likely to mislead the model by making it hard to distinguish between the normal, abnormal, and noisy data. Few of previous researches can jointly address these two challenges. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning-based anomaly detection algorithm called Deep Convolutional Autoencoding Memory network (CAE-M). We first build a Deep Convolutional Autoencoder to characterize spatial dependence of multi-sensor data with a Maximum Mean Discrepancy (MMD) to better distinguish between the noisy, normal, and abnormal data. Then, we construct a Memory Network consisting of linear (Autoregressive Model) and non-linear predictions (Bidirectional LSTM with Attention) to capture temporal dependence from time-series data. Finally, CAE-M jointly optimizes these two subnetworks. We empirically compare the proposed approach with several state-of-the-art anomaly detection methods on HAR and HC datasets. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed model outperforms these existing methods.      
### 44.Fully Distributed LQR-based Controller Design for Multi-input Time-varying Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12596.pdf)
>  In this paper, a cooperative Linear Quadratic Regulator (LQR) problem is investigated for multi-input systems, where each input is generated by an agent in a network. The input matrices are different and locally possessed by the corresponding agents respectively, which can be regarded as different ways for agents to control the multi-input system. By embedding a fully distributed information fusion strategy, a novel cooperative LQR-based controller is proposed. Each agent only needs to communicate with its neighbors, rather than sharing information globally in a network. Moreover, only the joint controllability is required, which allows the multi-input system to be uncontrollable for every single agent or even all its neighbors. In particular, only one-time information exchange is necessary at every control step, which significantly reduces the communication consumption. It is proved that the boundedness (convergence) of the controller gains is guaranteed for time-varying (time-invariant) systems. Furthermore, the control performance of the entire system is ensured. Generally, the proposed controller achieves a better trade-off between the control performance and the communication overhead, compared with the existing centralized/decentralized/consensus-based LQR controllers. Finally, the effectiveness of the theoretical results is illustrated by several comparative numerical examples.      
### 45.Cross-speaker Style Transfer with Prosody Bottleneck in Neural Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12562.pdf)
>  Cross-speaker style transfer is crucial to the applications of multi-style and expressive speech synthesis at scale. It does not require the target speakers to be experts in expressing all styles and to collect corresponding recordings for model training. However, the performances of existing style transfer methods are still far behind real application needs. The root causes are mainly twofold. Firstly, the style embedding extracted from single reference speech can hardly provide fine-grained and appropriate prosody information for arbitrary text to synthesize. Secondly, in these models the content/text, prosody, and speaker timbre are usually highly entangled, it's therefore not realistic to expect a satisfied result when freely combining these components, such as to transfer speaking style between speakers. In this paper, we propose a cross-speaker style transfer text-to-speech (TTS) model with explicit prosody bottleneck. The prosody bottleneck builds up the kernels accounting for speaking style robustly, and disentangles the prosody from content and speaker timbre, therefore guarantees high quality cross-speaker style transfer. Evaluation result shows the proposed method even achieves on-par performance with source speaker's speaker-dependent (SD) model in objective measurement of prosody, and significantly outperforms the cycle consistency and GMVAE-based baselines in objective and subjective evaluations.      
### 46.Energy-based Unknown Intent Detection with Data Manipulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12542.pdf)
>  Unknown intent detection aims to identify the out-of-distribution (OOD) utterance whose intent has never appeared in the training set. In this paper, we propose using energy scores for this task as the energy score is theoretically aligned with the density of the input and can be derived from any classifier. However, high-quality OOD utterances are required during the training stage in order to shape the energy gap between OOD and in-distribution (IND), and these utterances are difficult to collect in practice. To tackle this problem, we propose a data manipulation framework to Generate high-quality OOD utterances with importance weighTs (GOT). Experimental results show that the energy-based detector fine-tuned by GOT can achieve state-of-the-art results on two benchmark datasets.      
### 47.Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman-Isaacs equation for rational inattention in the long-run management of river environments under uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12526.pdf)
>  A new stochastic control model for the long-run environmental management of rivers is mathematically and numerically analyzed, focusing on a modern sediment replenishment problem with unique nonsmooth and nonlinear properties. Rational inattention as a novel adaptive strategy to collect information and intervene against the target system is modeled using Erlangization. The system dynamics containing the river discharge following a continuous-state branching with an immigration-type process and the controlled sediment storage dynamics lead to a nonsmooth and nonlocal infinitesimal generator. Modeling uncertainty, which is ubiquitous in certain applications, is considered in a robust control framework in which deviations between the benchmark and distorted models are penalized through relative entropy. The partial integro-differential Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman-Isaacs (HJBI) equation as an optimality equation is derived, and its uniqueness, existence, and optimality are discussed. A monotone finite difference scheme guaranteeing the boundedness and uniqueness of numerical solutions is proposed to discretize the HJBI equation and is verified based on manufactured solutions. Model applications are also conducted with the parameter values identified from the available data and physical formulae. The computational results suggest that environmental management should be rationally inattentive in a state-dependent and adaptive manner.      
### 48.TaikoNation: Patterning-focused Chart Generation for Rhythm Action Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12506.pdf)
>  Generating rhythm game charts from songs via machine learning has been a problem of increasing interest in recent years. However, all existing systems struggle to replicate human-like patterning: the placement of game objects in relation to each other to form congruent patterns based on events in the song. Patterning is a key identifier of high quality rhythm game content, seen as a necessary component in human rankings. We establish a new approach for chart generation that produces charts with more congruent, human-like patterning than seen in prior work.      
### 49.Accelerated Gradient Descent Learning over Multiple Access Fading Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12452.pdf)
>  We consider a distributed learning problem in a wireless network, consisting of N distributed edge devices and a parameter server (PS). The objective function is a sum of the edge devices' local loss functions, who aim to train a shared model by communicating with the PS over multiple access channels (MAC). This problem has attracted a growing interest in distributed sensing systems, and more recently in federated learning, known as over-the-air computation. In this paper, we develop a novel Accelerated Gradient-descent Multiple Access (AGMA) algorithm that uses momentum-based gradient signals over noisy fading MAC to improve the convergence rate as compared to existing methods. Furthermore, AGMA does not require power control or beamforming to cancel the fading effect, which simplifies the implementation complexity. We analyze AGMA theoretically, and establish a finite-sample bound of the error for both convex and strongly convex loss functions with Lipschitz gradient. For the strongly convex case, we show that AGMA approaches the best-known linear convergence rate as the network increases. For the convex case, we show that AGMA significantly improves the sub-linear convergence rate as compared to existing methods. Finally, we present simulation results using real datasets that demonstrate better performance by AGMA.      
### 50.Resilient Distributed Averaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12450.pdf)
>  In this paper, a fully distributed averaging algorithm in the presence of adversarial Byzantine agents is proposed. The algorithm is based on a resilient retrieval procedure, where all non-Byzantine nodes send their own initial values and retrieve those of other agents. We establish that the convergence of the proposed algorithm relies on strong robustness of the graph for locally bounded adversaries. A topology analysis in terms of time complexity and relation between connectivity metrics is also presented. Simulation results are provided to verify the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms under prescribed graph conditions.      
### 51.Improving Word Recognition in Speech Transcriptions by Decision-level Fusion of Stemming and Two-way Phoneme Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.12428.pdf)
>  We introduce an unsupervised approach for correcting highly imperfect speech transcriptions based on a decision-level fusion of stemming and two-way phoneme pruning. Transcripts are acquired from videos by extracting audio using Ffmpeg framework and further converting audio to text transcript using Google API. In the benchmark LRW dataset, there are 500 word categories, and 50 videos per class in mp4 format. All videos consist of 29 frames (each 1.16 s long) and the word appears in the middle of the video. In our approach we tried to improve the baseline accuracy from 9.34% by using stemming, phoneme extraction, filtering and pruning. After applying the stemming algorithm to the text transcript and evaluating the results, we achieved 23.34% accuracy in word recognition. To convert words to phonemes we used the Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) pronouncing dictionary that provides a phonetic mapping of English words to their pronunciations. A two-way phoneme pruning is proposed that comprises of the two non-sequential steps: 1) filtering and pruning the phonemes containing vowels and plosives 2) filtering and pruning the phonemes containing vowels and fricatives. After obtaining results of stemming and two-way phoneme pruning, we applied decision-level fusion and that led to an improvement of word recognition rate upto 32.96%.      
