# ArXiv eess --Mon, 26 Jul 2021
### 1.Three-Dimensional Localization of Active Aerial Targets Using a Single Terrestrial Receiver Site  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11337.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method for the three-dimensional localization of an active aerial target by a single ground based sensor. The proposed method employs the time and frequency differences of arrival of the signal received directly from the aerial target and the signals received after being reflected from some large auxiliary terrestrial targets (pseudo-sensors) with known positions on the ground. Due to the terrestrial nature of the main and the pseudo sensors, it is impossible to solve for the target's altitude using traditional methods. The proposed method employs target motion analysis to obtain target position including its altitude with acceptable accuracy and low computational complexity. Presented simulations confirm acceptable accuracy of the proposed method in determining three dimensional position of the target despite limited number of the pseudo sensors and its low computational complexity.      
### 2.Heuristics for Customer-focused Ride-pooling Assignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11318.pdf)
>  Ride-pooling has become an important service option offered by ride-hailing platforms as it serves multiple trip requests in a single ride. By leveraging customer data, connected vehicles, and efficient assignment algorithms, ride-pooling can be a critical instrument to address driver shortages and mitigate the negative externalities of ride-hailing operations. Recent literature has focused on computationally intensive optimization-based methods that maximize system throughput or minimize vehicle miles. However, individual customers may experience substantial service quality degradation due to the consequent waiting and detour time. In contrast, this paper examines heuristic methods for real-time ride-pooling assignments that are highly scalable and easily computable. We propose a restricted subgraph method and compare it with other existing heuristic and optimization-based matching algorithms using a variety of metrics. By fusing multiple sources of trip and network data in New York City, we develop a flexible, agent-based simulation platform to test these strategies on different demand levels and examine how they affect both the customer experience and the ride-hailing platform. Our results find a trade-off among heuristics between throughput and customer matching time. We show that our proposed ride-pooling strategy maintains system performance while limiting trip delays and improving customer experience. This work provides insight for policymakers and ride-hailing operators about the performance of simpler heuristics and raises concerns about prioritizing only specific platform metrics without considering service quality.      
### 3.Adaptive Event Detection for Representative Load Signature Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11287.pdf)
>  Event detection is the first step in event-based non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM) and it can provide useful transient information to identify appliances. However, existing event detection methods with fixed parameters may fail in case of unpredictable and complicated residential load changes such as high fluctuation, long transition, and near simultaneity. This paper proposes a dynamic time-window approach to deal with these highly complex load variations. Specifically, a window with adaptive margins, multi-timescale window screening, and adaptive threshold (WAMMA) method is proposed to detect events in aggregated home appliance load data with high sampling rate (&gt;1Hz). The proposed method accurately captures the transient process by adaptively tuning parameters including window width, margin width, and change threshold. Furthermore, representative transient and steady-state load signatures are extracted and, for the first time, quantified from transient and steady periods segmented by detected events. Case studies on a 20Hz dataset, the 50Hz LIFTED dataset, and the 60Hz BLUED dataset show that the proposed method can robustly outperform other state-of-art event detection methods. This paper also shows that the extracted load signatures can improve NILM accuracy and help develop other applications such as load reconstruction to generate realistic load data for NILM research.      
### 4.Graphical Nonlinear System Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11272.pdf)
>  We use the recently introduced concept of a Scaled Relative Graph (SRG) to develop a graphical analysis of input-output properties of feedback systems. The SRG of a nonlinear operator generalizes the Nyquist diagram of an LTI system. In the spirit of classical control theory, important robustness indicators of nonlinear feedback systems are measured as distances between SRGs.      
### 5.Compressed Ultrasound Imaging:from Sub-Nyquist Rates to Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11263.pdf)
>  The multi-billion dollar, worldwide medical ultrasound (US) market continues to grow annually. Its non-ionizing nature, real-time capabilities and relatively low cost, compared to other imaging modalities, have led to significant applications in many different fields, including cardiology, angiology, obstetrics and emergency medicine. Facilitated by ongoing innovations, US continues to change rules and norms regarding patient screening, diagnosis and surgery. This huge and promising market is constantly driven by new imaging and processing techniques. From 3D images to sophisticated software, hardware and portability improvements, it is clear that the status of US as one of the leading medical imaging technologies is ensured for many years ahead. However, as imaging systems evolve, new engineering challenges emerge. Acquisition, transmission and processing of huge amounts of data are common for all ultrasound-based imaging modalities. Moreover, achieving higher resolution is constantly on demand, as improved diagnosis could be achieved by better visualization of organs and blood vessels deep within tissues. In this article, our goal is to motivate further interest and research in emerging processing techniques, as well as their applications in medical ultrasound, enabled by recent advancements in signal processing algorithms and deep learning. We address some of the primary challenges and potential remedies from a signal processing perspective, by exploiting the inherent structure of the received US signal.      
### 6.Chance Constrained Economic Dispatch Considering the Capability of Network Flexibility Against Renewable Uncertainties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11246.pdf)
>  This paper introduces network flexibility into the chance constrained economic dispatch (CCED). In the proposed model, both power generations and line susceptances become variables to minimize the expected generation cost and guarantee a low probability of constraint violation in terms of generations and line flows under renewable uncertainties. We figure out the mechanism of network flexibility against uncertainties from the analytical form of CCED. On one hand, renewable uncertainties shrink the usable line capacities in the line flow constraints and aggravate transmission congestion. On the other hand, network flexibility significantly mitigates congestion by regulating the base-case line flows and reducing the line capacity shrinkage caused by uncertainties. Further, we propose an alternate iteration solver for this problem, which is efficient. With duality theory, we propose two convex subproblems with respect to generation-related variables and network-related variables, respectively. A satisfactory solution can be obtained by alternately solving these two subproblems. The case studies on the IEEE 14-bus system and IEEE 118-bus system suggest that network flexibility contributes much to operational economy under renewable uncertainties.      
### 7.A Fitness Landscape View on the Tuning of an Asynchronous Master-Worker EA for Nuclear Reactor Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11201.pdf)
>  In the context of the introduction of intermittent renewable energies, we propose to optimize the main variables of the control rods of a nuclear power plant to improve its capability to load-follow. The design problem is a black-box combinatorial optimization problem with expensive evaluation based on a multi-physics simulator. Therefore, we use a parallel asynchronous master-worker Evolutionary Algorithm scaling up to thousand computing units. One main issue is the tuning of the algorithm parameters. A fitness landscape analysis is conducted on this expensive real-world problem to show that it would be possible to tune the mutation parameters according to the low-cost estimation of the fitness landscape features.      
### 8.Regularising Inverse Problems with Generative Machine Learning Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11191.pdf)
>  Deep neural network approaches to inverse imaging problems have produced impressive results in the last few years. In this paper, we consider the use of generative models in a variational regularisation approach to inverse problems. The considered regularisers penalise images that are far from the range of a generative model that has learned to produce images similar to a training dataset. We name this family \textit{generative regularisers}. The success of generative regularisers depends on the quality of the generative model and so we propose a set of desired criteria to assess models and guide future research. In our numerical experiments, we evaluate three common generative models, autoencoders, variational autoencoders and generative adversarial networks, against our desired criteria. We also test three different generative regularisers on the inverse problems of deblurring, deconvolution, and tomography. We show that the success of solutions restricted to lie exactly in the range of the generator is highly dependent on the ability of the generative model but that allowing small deviations from the range of the generator produces more consistent results.      
### 9.Semantic Communications for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11190.pdf)
>  The traditional communications transmit all the source date represented by bits, regardless of the content of source and the semantic information required by the receiver. However, in some applications, the receiver only needs part of the source data that represents critical semantic information, which prompts to transmit the application-related information, especially when bandwidth resources are limited. In this paper, we consider a semantic communication system for speech recognition by designing the transceiver as an end-to-end (E2E) system. Particularly, a deep learning (DL)-enabled semantic communication system, named DeepSC-SR, is developed to learn and extract text-related semantic features at the transmitter, which motivates the system to transmit much less than the source speech data without performance degradation. Moreover, in order to facilitate the proposed DeepSC-SR for dynamic channel environments, we investigate a robust model to cope with various channel environments without requiring retraining. The simulation results demonstrate that our proposed DeepSC-SR outperforms the traditional communication systems in terms of the speech recognition metrics, such as character-error-rate and word-error-rate, and is more robust to channel variations, especially in the low signal-to-noise (SNR) regime.      
### 10.Put your money where your mouth is: Using AI voice analysis to detect whether spoken arguments reflect the speaker's true convictions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11175.pdf)
>  Customers' emotions play a vital role in the service industry. The better frontline personnel understand the customer, the better the service they can provide. As human emotions generate certain (unintentional) bodily reactions, such as increase in heart rate, sweating, dilation, blushing and paling, which are measurable, artificial intelligence (AI) technologies can interpret these signals. Great progress has been made in recent years to automatically detect basic emotions like joy, anger etc. Complex emotions, consisting of multiple interdependent basic emotions, are more difficult to identify. One complex emotion which is of great interest to the service industry is difficult to detect: whether a customer is telling the truth or just a story. This research presents an AI-method for capturing and sensing emotional data. With an accuracy of around 98 %, the best trained model was able to detect whether a participant of a debating challenge was arguing for or against her/his conviction, using speech analysis. The data set was collected in an experimental setting with 40 participants. The findings are applicable to a wide range of service processes and specifically useful for all customer interactions that take place via telephone. The algorithm presented can be applied in any situation where it is helpful for the agent to know whether a customer is speaking to her/his conviction. This could, for example, lead to a reduction in doubtful insurance claims, or untruthful statements in job interviews. This would not only reduce operational losses for service companies, but also encourage customers to be more truthful.      
### 11.Cardiac CT segmentation based on distance regularized level set  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11119.pdf)
>  Before analy z ing the CT image, it is very important to segment the heart image, and the left ve ntricular (LV) inner and outer membrane segmentation is one of the most important contents. However, manual segmentation is tedious and time consuming. In order to facilitate doctors to focus on high tech tasks such as disease analysis and diagnosis, it is crucial to develop a fast and accurate segmentation method [1]. In view of this phenomenon, this paper uses distance regularized level set (DRL SE) to explore the segmentation effect of epicardium and endocardium 2 ]], which includes a distance regula riz ed t erm and an external energy term. Finally, five CT images are used to verify the proposed method, and image quality evaluation indexes such as dice score and Hausdorff distance are used to evaluate the segmentation effect. The results showed that the me tho d could separate the inner and outer membrane very well (endocardium dice = 0.9253, Hausdorff = 7.8740; epicardium Hausdorff = 0.9687, Hausdorff = 6 .      
### 12.A Resolution-Adaptive 8 mm$^\text{2}$ 9.98 Gb/s 39.7 pJ/b 32-Antenna All-Digital Spatial Equalizer for mmWave Massive MU-MIMO in 65nm CMOS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11089.pdf)
>  All-digital millimeter-wave (mmWave) massive multi-user multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) receivers enable extreme data rates but require high power consumption. In order to reduce power consumption, this paper presents the first resolution-adaptive all-digital receiver ASIC that is able to adjust the resolution of the data-converters and baseband-processing engine to the instantaneous communication scenario. The scalable 32-antenna, 65 nm CMOS receiver occupies a total area of 8 mm$^\text{2}$ and integrates analog-to-digital converters (ADCs) with programmable gain and resolution, beamspace channel estimation, and a resolution-adaptive processing-in-memory spatial equalizer. With 6-bit ADC samples and a 4-bit spatial equalizer, our ASIC achieves a throughput of 9.98 Gb/s while being at least 2x more energy-efficient than state-of-the-art designs.      
### 13.Resolution-Adaptive All-Digital Spatial Equalization for mmWave Massive MU-MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11073.pdf)
>  All-digital basestation (BS) architectures for millimeter-wave (mmWave) massive multi-user multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO), which equip each radio-frequency chain with dedicated data converters, have advantages in spectral efficiency, flexibility, and baseband-processing simplicity over hybrid analog-digital solutions. For all-digital architectures to be competitive with hybrid solutions in terms of power consumption, novel signal-processing methods and baseband architectures are necessary. In this paper, we demonstrate that adapting the resolution of the analog-to-digital converters (ADCs) and spatial equalizer of an all-digital system to the communication scenario (e.g., the number of users, modulation scheme, and propagation conditions) enables orders-of-magnitude power savings for realistic mmWave channels. For example, for a 256-BS-antenna 16-user system supporting 1 GHz bandwidth, a traditional baseline architecture designed for a 64-user worst-case scenario would consume 23 W in 28 nm CMOS for the ADC array and the spatial equalizer, whereas a resolution-adaptive architecture is able to reduce the power consumption by 6.7x.      
### 14.Resource Constrained Neural Networks for 5G Direction-of-Arrival Estimation in Micro-controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11070.pdf)
>  With the introduction of shared spectrum sensing and beam-forming based multi-antenna transceivers, 5G networks demand spectrum sensing to identify opportunities in time, frequency, and spatial domains. Narrow beam-forming makes it difficult to have spatial sensing (direction-of-arrival, DoA, estimation) in a centralized manner, and with the evolution of paradigms such as artificial intelligence of Things (AIOT), ultra-reliable low latency communication (URLLC) services and distributed networks, intelligence for edge devices (Edge-AI) is highly desirable. It helps to reduce the data-communication overhead compared to cloud-AI-centric networks and is more secure and free from scalability limitations. However, achieving desired functional accuracy is a challenge on edge devices such as microcontroller units (MCU) due to area, memory, and power constraints. In this work, we propose low complexity neural network-based algorithm for accurate DoA estimation and its efficient mapping on the off-the-self MCUs. An ad-hoc graphical-user interface (GUI) is developed to configure the STM32 NUCLEO-H743ZI2 MCU with the proposed algorithm and to validate its functionality. The performance of the proposed algorithm is analyzed for different signal-to-noise ratios (SNR), word-length, the number of antennas, and DoA resolution. In-depth experimental results show that it outperforms the conventional statistical spatial sensing approach.      
### 15.A Hybrid Vehicle Platoon for Connected and Automated Vehicles: Formulation, Stability Analysis, and Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11030.pdf)
>  Vehicle platooning has the potential to significantly improve traffic throughput and reduce fuel consumption and emissions and thus has attracted extensive attention recently. In this study, we propose a hybrid vehicle platoon system for the connected and automated vehicles (CAVs). First, a hybrid spacing policy combining the constant time gap (CTG) and constant spacing (CS) is formulated for the proposed platoon system, where the leader adopts the CTG and the followers use the CS policy. Based on the h2-norm string stability criteria, the notions of exogenous-head-to-tail string stability and hybrid string stability are newly introduced, and the sufficient conditions of the hybrid string stability in the frequency domain are derived using the Laplace transform. Numerical experiments are conducted to validate the hybrid string stability. Moreover, two typical scenarios and several measurements of effectiveness (MOE) are adopted to verify the effectiveness of the proposed hybrid platoon system in various aspects. The results show that the hybrid platoon system performs better than the CS-based platoon system. It also indicates that the hybrid platoon system has obvious advantages over the CTG-based platoon system under the periodical fluctuation scenario and it is also comparable to the CTG-based platoon system under the large deceleration and acceleration scenario. The findings have demonstrated the merits of the combined implementation of CTG and CS policy in enhancing the performance and applicability of the platoon system for CAVs.      
### 16.AD-GAN: End-to-end Unsupervised Nuclei Segmentation with Aligned Disentangling Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11022.pdf)
>  We consider unsupervised cell nuclei segmentation in this paper. Exploiting the recently-proposed unpaired image-to-image translation between cell nuclei images and randomly synthetic masks, existing approaches, e.g., CycleGAN, have achieved encouraging results. However, these methods usually take a two-stage pipeline and fail to learn end-to-end in cell nuclei images. More seriously, they could lead to the lossy transformation problem, i.e., the content inconsistency between the original images and the corresponding segmentation output. To address these limitations, we propose a novel end-to-end unsupervised framework called Aligned Disentangling Generative Adversarial Network (AD-GAN). Distinctively, AD-GAN introduces representation disentanglement to separate content representation (the underling spatial structure) from style representation (the rendering of the structure). With this framework, spatial structure can be preserved explicitly, enabling a significant reduction of macro-level lossy transformation. We also propose a novel training algorithm able to align the disentangled content in the latent space to reduce micro-level lossy transformation. Evaluations on real-world 2D and 3D datasets show that AD-GAN substantially outperforms the other comparison methods and the professional software both quantitatively and qualitatively. Specifically, the proposed AD-GAN leads to significant improvement over the current best unsupervised methods by an average 17.8% relatively (w.r.t. the metric DICE) on four cell nuclei datasets. As an unsupervised method, AD-GAN even performs competitive with the best supervised models, taking a further leap towards end-to-end unsupervised nuclei segmentation.      
### 17.Intelligent Reflecting Surface Empowered UAV SWIPT Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11016.pdf)
>  Aiming at the limited battery capacity of a large number of widely deployed low-power smart devices in the Internet-of-things (IoT), this paper proposes a novel intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) empowered unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT) network framework, in which IRS is used to reconstruct the wireless channel to enhance the energy transmission efficiency and coverage of the UAV SWIPT networks. In this paper, we formulate an achievable sum-rate maximization problem by jointly optimizing UAV trajectory, UAV transmission power allocation, power splitting (PS) ratio and IRS reflection coefficient under a non-linear energy harvesting model. Due to the coupling of optimization variables, this problem is a complex non-convex optimization problem, and it is challenging to solve it directly. We first transform the problem, and then apply the alternating optimization (AO) algorithm framework to divide the transformed problem into four blocks to solve it. Specifically, by applying successive convex approximation (SCA) and difference-convex (DC) programming, UAV trajectory, UAV transmission power allocation, PS ratio and IRS reflection coefficient are alternately optimized when the other three are given until convergence is achieved. Numerical simulation results verify the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm compared to other algorithms.      
### 18.3D Brain Reconstruction by Hierarchical Shape-Perception Network from a Single Incomplete Image  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11010.pdf)
>  3D shape reconstruction is essential in the navigation of minimally-invasive and auto robot-guided surgeries whose operating environments are indirect and narrow, and there have been some works that focused on reconstructing the 3D shape of the surgical organ through limited 2D information available. However, the lack and incompleteness of such information caused by intraoperative emergencies (such as bleeding) and risk control conditions have not been considered. In this paper, a novel hierarchical shape-perception network (HSPN) is proposed to reconstruct the 3D point clouds (PCs) of specific brains from one single incomplete image with low latency. A tree-structured predictor and several hierarchical attention pipelines are constructed to generate point clouds that accurately describe the incomplete images and then complete these point clouds with high quality. Meanwhile, attention gate blocks (AGBs) are designed to efficiently aggregate geometric local features of incomplete PCs transmitted by hierarchical attention pipelines and internal features of reconstructing point clouds. With the proposed HSPN, 3D shape perception and completion can be achieved spontaneously. Comprehensive results measured by Chamfer distance and PC-to-PC error demonstrate that the performance of the proposed HSPN outperforms other competitive methods in terms of qualitative displays, quantitative experiment, and classification evaluation.      
### 19.Dynamic Proximal Unrolling Network for Compressive Sensing Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11007.pdf)
>  Recovering an underlying image from under-sampled measurements, Compressive Sensing Imaging (CSI) is a challenging problem and has many practical applications. Recently, deep neural networks have been applied to this problem with promising results, owing to its implicitly learned prior to alleviate the ill-poseness of CSI. However, existing neural network approaches require separate models for each imaging parameter like sampling ratios, leading to training difficulties and overfitting to specific settings. In this paper, we present a dynamic proximal unrolling network (dubbed DPUNet), which can handle a variety of measurement matrices via one single model without retraining. Specifically, DPUNet can exploit both embedded physical model via gradient descent and imposing image prior with learned dynamic proximal mapping leading to joint reconstruction. A key component of DPUNet is a dynamic proximal mapping module, whose parameters can be dynamically adjusted at inference stage and make it adapt to any given imaging setting. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed DPUNet can effectively handle multiple CSI modalities under varying sampling ratios and noise levels with only one model, and outperform the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 20.Photon-Starved Scene Inference using Single Photon Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11001.pdf)
>  Scene understanding under low-light conditions is a challenging problem. This is due to the small number of photons captured by the camera and the resulting low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR). Single-photon cameras (SPCs) are an emerging sensing modality that are capable of capturing images with high sensitivity. Despite having minimal read-noise, images captured by SPCs in photon-starved conditions still suffer from strong shot noise, preventing reliable scene inference. We propose photon scale-space a collection of high-SNR images spanning a wide range of photons-per-pixel (PPP) levels (but same scene content) as guides to train inference model on low photon flux images. We develop training techniques that push images with different illumination levels closer to each other in feature representation space. The key idea is that having a spectrum of different brightness levels during training enables effective guidance, and increases robustness to shot noise even in extreme noise cases. Based on the proposed approach, we demonstrate, via simulations and real experiments with a SPAD camera, high-performance on various inference tasks such as image classification and monocular depth estimation under ultra low-light, down to &lt; 1 PPP.      
### 21.A 60-GHz Radar Sensor for Micron-Scale Motion Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10993.pdf)
>  A compact, continuous-wave, mmWave radar sensor is developed for non-contact detection of micron-scale motions. This board-integrated radar system consists of a pair of mmWave transmitter and receiver, two series-fed microstrip patch arrays, an IF subsystem, and a microcontroller. Working at 60-GHz frequency, this super-heterodyne, digital-IF radar sensor exhibits an agile sensitivity and a robust anti-noise performance. Assisted by a gradient-descent DC offset estimation and a phase demodulation algorithm based on extended differential and cross-multiply, a 45-{\mu}m pendulum swing can be experimentally detected with a 20.6-dB SNR, verifying its strong ability in Doppler micro-motion detections.      
### 22.Modal Decomposition of the Linear Swing Equation in Networks with Symmetries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10927.pdf)
>  Symmetries are widespread in physical, technological, biological, and social systems and networks, including power grids. The swing equation is a classic model for the dynamics of powergrid networks. The main goal of this paper is to explain how network symmetries affect the swing equation transient and steady state dynamics. We introduce a modal decomposition that allows us to study transient effects, such as the presence of overshoots in the system response. This modal decomposition provides insight into the peak flows within the network lines and allows a rigorous characterization of the effects of symmetries in the network topology on the dynamics. Our work applies to both cases of homogeneous and heterogeneous parameters. Further, the model is used to show how small perturbations propagate in networks with symmetries. Finally, we present an application of our approach to a large power grid network that displays symmetries.      
### 23.Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) in deep learning-based medical image analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10912.pdf)
>  With an increase in deep learning-based methods, the call for explainability of such methods grows, especially in high-stakes decision making areas such as medical image analysis. This survey presents an overview of eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) used in deep learning-based medical image analysis. A framework of XAI criteria is introduced to classify deep learning-based medical image analysis methods. Papers on XAI techniques in medical image analysis are then surveyed and categorized according to the framework and according to anatomical location. The paper concludes with an outlook of future opportunities for XAI in medical image analysis.      
### 24.SAGE: A Split-Architecture Methodology for Efficient End-to-End Autonomous Vehicle Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10895.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles (AV) are expected to revolutionize transportation and improve road safety significantly. However, these benefits do not come without cost; AVs require large Deep-Learning (DL) models and powerful hardware platforms to operate reliably in real-time, requiring between several hundred watts to one kilowatt of power. This power consumption can dramatically reduce vehicles' driving range and affect emissions. To address this problem, we propose SAGE: a methodology for selectively offloading the key energy-consuming modules of DL architectures to the cloud to optimize edge energy usage while meeting real-time latency constraints. Furthermore, we leverage Head Network Distillation (HND) to introduce efficient bottlenecks within the DL architecture in order to minimize the network overhead costs of offloading with almost no degradation in the model's performance. We evaluate SAGE using an Nvidia Jetson TX2 and an industry-standard Nvidia Drive PX2 as the AV edge devices and demonstrate that our offloading strategy is practical for a wide range of DL models and internet connection bandwidths on 3G, 4G LTE, and WiFi technologies. Compared to edge-only computation, SAGE reduces energy consumption by an average of 36.13%, 47.07%, and 55.66% for an AV with one low-resolution camera, one high-resolution camera, and three high-resolution cameras, respectively. SAGE also reduces upload data size by up to 98.40% compared to direct camera offloading.      
### 25.Decentralized Design of Fast Iterative Receivers for Massive and Extreme-Large MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11349.pdf)
>  Despite the extensive use of a centralized approach to design receivers at the base station for massive multiple-input multiple-output (M-MIMO) systems, their actual implementation is a major challenge due to several bottlenecks imposed by the large number of antennas. One way to deal with this problem is by fully decentralizing the classic zero-forcing receiver across multiple processing nodes based on the gradient descent method. In this paper, we first explicitly relate this decentralized receiver to a distributed version of the Kaczmarz algorithm and to the use of the successive interference cancellation (SIC) philosophy to mitigate the residual across nodes. In addition, we propose two methods to further accelerate the initial convergence of these iterative decentralized receivers by exploring the connection with the Kaczmarz algorithm: 1) a new Bayesian distributed receiver, which can eliminate noise on an iteration basis; 2) a more practical method for choosing the relaxation parameter. The discussion also consider spatial non-stationarities that arise when the antenna arrays are extremely large (XL-MIMO). We were able to improve the numerical results for both spatially stationary and non-stationary channels, but mainly the non-stationary performance can still be improved compared to the centralized ZF receiver. Future research directions are provided with the aim of further improving the applicability of the receiver based on the principle of successive residual cancellation (SRC).      
### 26.Image-to-Image Translation with Low Resolution Conditioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11262.pdf)
>  Most image-to-image translation methods focus on learning mappings across domains with the assumption that images share content (e.g., pose) but have their own domain-specific information known as style. When conditioned on a target image, such methods aim to extract the style of the target and combine it with the content of the source image. In this work, we consider the scenario where the target image has a very low resolution. More specifically, our approach aims at transferring fine details from a high resolution (HR) source image to fit a coarse, low resolution (LR) image representation of the target. We therefore generate HR images that share features from both HR and LR inputs. This differs from previous methods that focus on translating a given image style into a target content, our translation approach being able to simultaneously imitate the style and merge the structural information of the LR target. Our approach relies on training the generative model to produce HR target images that both 1) share distinctive information of the associated source image; 2) correctly match the LR target image when downscaled. We validate our method on the CelebA-HQ and AFHQ datasets by demonstrating improvements in terms of visual quality, diversity and coverage. Qualitative and quantitative results show that when dealing with intra-domain image translation, our method generates more realistic samples compared to state-of-the-art methods such as Stargan-v2      
### 27.Multi-Channel Automatic Music Transcription Using Tensor Algebra  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11250.pdf)
>  Music is an art, perceived in unique ways by every listener, coming from acoustic signals. In the meantime, standards as musical scores exist to describe it. Even if humans can make this transcription, it is costly in terms of time and efforts, even more with the explosion of information consecutively to the rise of the Internet. In that sense, researches are driven in the direction of Automatic Music Transcription. While this task is considered solved in the case of single notes, it is still open when notes superpose themselves, forming chords. This report aims at developing some of the existing techniques towards Music Transcription, particularly matrix factorization, and introducing the concept of multi-channel automatic music transcription. This concept will be explored with mathematical objects called tensors.      
### 28.Multi-channel Speech Enhancement with 2-D Convolutional Time-frequency Domain Features and a Pre-trained Acoustic Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11222.pdf)
>  We propose a multi-channel speech enhancement approach with a novel two-level feature fusion method and a pre-trained acoustic model in a multi-task learning paradigm. In the first fusion level, the time-domain and frequency-domain features are extracted separately. In the time domain, the multi-channel convolution sum (MCS) and the inter-channel convolution differences (ICDs) features are computed and then integrated with a 2-D convolutional layer, while in the frequency domain, the log-power spectra (LPS) features from both original channels and super-directive beamforming outputs are combined with another 2-D convolutional layer. To fully integrate the rich information of multi-channel speech, i.e. time-frequency domain features and the array geometry, we apply a third 2-D convolutional layer in the second level of fusion to obtain the final convolutional features. Furthermore, we propose to use a fixed clean acoustic model trained with the end-to-end lattice-free maximum mutual information criterion to enforce the enhanced output to have the same distribution as the clean waveform to alleviate the over-estimation problem of the enhancement task and constrain distortion. On the Task1 development dataset of the ConferencingSpeech 2021 challenge, a PESQ improvement of 0.24 and 0.19 is attained compared to the official baseline and a recently proposed multi-channel separation method.      
### 29.Estimation of sparse linear dynamic networks using the stable spline horseshoe prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11155.pdf)
>  Identification of the so-called dynamic networks is one of the most challenging problems appeared recently in control literature. Such systems consist of large-scale interconnected systems, also called modules. To recover full networks dynamics the two crucial steps are topology detection, where one has to infer from data which connections are active, and modules estimation. Since a small percentage of connections are effective in many real systems, the problem finds also fundamental connections with group-sparse estimation. In particular, in the linear setting modules correspond to unknown impulse responses expected to have null norm but in a small fraction of samples. This paper introduces a new Bayesian approach for linear dynamic networks identification where impulse responses are described through the combination of two particular prior distributions. The first one is a block version of the horseshoe prior, a model possessing important global-local shrinkage features. The second one is the stable spline prior, that encodes information on smooth-exponential decay of the modules. The resulting model is called stable spline horseshoe (SSH) prior. It implements aggressive shrinkage of small impulse responses while larger impulse responses are conveniently subject to stable spline regularization. Inference is performed by a Markov Chain Monte Carlo scheme, tailored to the dynamic context and able to efficiently return the posterior of the modules in sampled form. We include numerical studies that show how the new approach can accurately reconstruct sparse networks dynamics also when thousands of unknown impulse response coefficients must be inferred from data sets of relatively small size.      
### 30.OLR 2021 Challenge: Datasets, Rules and Baselines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11113.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the sixth Oriental Language Recognition (OLR) 2021 Challenge, which intends to improve the performance of language recognition systems and speech recognition systems within multilingual scenarios. The data profile, four tasks, two baselines, and the evaluation principles are introduced in this paper. In addition to the Language Identification (LID) tasks, multilingual Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) tasks are introduced to OLR 2021 Challenge for the first time. The challenge this year focuses on more practical and challenging problems, with four tasks: (1) constrained LID, (2) unconstrained LID, (3) constrained multilingual ASR, (4) unconstrained multilingual ASR. Baselines for LID tasks and multilingual ASR tasks are provided, respectively. The LID baseline system is an extended TDNN x-vector model constructed with Pytorch. A transformer-based end-to-end model is provided as the multilingual ASR baseline system. These recipes will be online published, and available for participants to construct their own LID or ASR systems. The baseline results demonstrate that those tasks are rather challenging and deserve more effort to achieve better performance.      
### 31.Class-Incremental Domain Adaptation with Smoothing and Calibration for Surgical Report Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11091.pdf)
>  Generating surgical reports aimed at surgical scene understanding in robot-assisted surgery can contribute to documenting entry tasks and post-operative analysis. Despite the impressive outcome, the deep learning model degrades the performance when applied to different domains encountering domain shifts. In addition, there are new instruments and variations in surgical tissues appeared in robotic surgery. In this work, we propose class-incremental domain adaptation (CIDA) with a multi-layer transformer-based model to tackle the new classes and domain shift in the target domain to generate surgical reports during robotic surgery. To adapt incremental classes and extract domain invariant features, a class-incremental (CI) learning method with supervised contrastive (SupCon) loss is incorporated with a feature extractor. To generate caption from the extracted feature, curriculum by one-dimensional gaussian smoothing (CBS) is integrated with a multi-layer transformer-based caption prediction model. CBS smoothes the features embedding using anti-aliasing and helps the model to learn domain invariant features. We also adopt label smoothing (LS) to calibrate prediction probability and obtain better feature representation with both feature extractor and captioning model. The proposed techniques are empirically evaluated by using the datasets of two surgical domains, such as nephrectomy operations and transoral robotic surgery. We observe that domain invariant feature learning and the well-calibrated network improves the surgical report generation performance in both source and target domain under domain shift and unseen classes in the manners of one-shot and few-shot learning. The code is publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XuMengyaAmy/CIDACaptioning" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.Reservoir Computing Approach for Gray Images Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11077.pdf)
>  The paper proposes a novel approach for gray scale images segmentation. It is based on multiple features extraction from single feature per image pixel, namely its intensity value, using Echo state network. The newly extracted features -- reservoir equilibrium states -- reveal hidden image characteristics that improve its segmentation via a clustering algorithm. Moreover, it was demonstrated that the intrinsic plasticity tuning of reservoir fits its equilibrium states to the original image intensity distribution thus allowing for its better segmentation. The proposed approach is tested on the benchmark image Lena.      
### 33.SALADnet: Self-Attentive multisource Localization in the Ambisonics Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11066.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a novel self-attention based neural network for robust multi-speaker localization from Ambisonics recordings. Starting from a state-of-the-art convolutional recurrent neural network, we investigate the benefit of replacing the recurrent layers by self-attention encoders, inherited from the Transformer architecture. We evaluate these models on synthetic and real-world data, with up to 3 simultaneous speakers. The obtained results indicate that the majority of the proposed architectures either perform on par, or outperform the CRNN baseline, especially in the multisource scenario. Moreover, by avoiding the recurrent layers, the proposed models lend themselves to parallel computing, which is shown to produce considerable savings in execution time.      
### 34.Ensemble of Convolution Neural Networks on Heterogeneous Signals for Sleep Stage Scoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11045.pdf)
>  Over the years, several approaches have tried to tackle the problem of performing an automatic scoring of the sleeping stages. Although any polysomnography usually collects over a dozen of different signals, this particular problem has been mainly tackled by using only the Electroencephalograms presented in those records. On the other hand, the other recorded signals have been mainly ignored by most works. This paper explores and compares the convenience of using additional signals apart from electroencephalograms. More specifically, this work uses the SHHS-1 dataset with 5,804 patients containing an electromyogram recorded simultaneously as two electroencephalograms. To compare the results, first, the same architecture has been evaluated with different input signals and all their possible combinations. These tests show how, using more than one signal especially if they are from different sources, improves the results of the classification. Additionally, the best models obtained for each combination of one or more signals have been used in ensemble models and, its performance has been compared showing the convenience of using these multi-signal models to improve the classification. The best overall model, an ensemble of Depth-wise Separational Convolutional Neural Networks, has achieved an accuracy of 86.06\% with a Cohen's Kappa of 0.80 and a $F_{1}$ of 0.77. Up to date, those are the best results on the complete dataset and it shows a significant improvement in the precision and recall for the most uncommon class in the dataset.      
### 35.WaveFill: A Wavelet-based Generation Network for Image Inpainting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11027.pdf)
>  Image inpainting aims to complete the missing or corrupted regions of images with realistic contents. The prevalent approaches adopt a hybrid objective of reconstruction and perceptual quality by using generative adversarial networks. However, the reconstruction loss and adversarial loss focus on synthesizing contents of different frequencies and simply applying them together often leads to inter-frequency conflicts and compromised inpainting. This paper presents WaveFill, a wavelet-based inpainting network that decomposes images into multiple frequency bands and fills the missing regions in each frequency band separately and explicitly. WaveFill decomposes images by using discrete wavelet transform (DWT) that preserves spatial information naturally. It applies L1 reconstruction loss to the decomposed low-frequency bands and adversarial loss to high-frequency bands, hence effectively mitigate inter-frequency conflicts while completing images in spatial domain. To address the inpainting inconsistency in different frequency bands and fuse features with distinct statistics, we design a novel normalization scheme that aligns and fuses the multi-frequency features effectively. Extensive experiments over multiple datasets show that WaveFill achieves superior image inpainting qualitatively and quantitatively.      
### 36.Trajectory Design for UAV-Based Internet-of-Things Data Collection: A Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11015.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-assisted Internet-of-Things (IoT) system in a sophisticated three-dimensional (3D) environment, where the UAV's trajectory is optimized to efficiently collect data from multiple IoT ground nodes. Unlike existing approaches focusing only on a simplified two-dimensional scenario and the availability of perfect channel state information (CSI), this paper considers a practical 3D urban environment with imperfect CSI, where the UAV's trajectory is designed to minimize data collection completion time subject to practical throughput and flight movement constraints. Specifically, inspired from the state-of-the-art deep reinforcement learning approaches, we leverage the twin-delayed deep deterministic policy gradient (TD3) to design the UAV's trajectory and present a TD3-based trajectory design for completion time minimization (TD3-TDCTM) algorithm. In particular, we set an additional information, i.e., the merged pheromone, to represent the state information of UAV and environment as a reference of reward which facilitates the algorithm design. By taking the service statuses of IoT nodes, the UAV's position, and the merged pheromone as input, the proposed algorithm can continuously and adaptively learn how to adjust the UAV's movement strategy. By interacting with the external environment in the corresponding Markov decision process, the proposed algorithm can achieve a near-optimal navigation strategy. Our simulation results show the superiority of the proposed TD3-TDCTM algorithm over three conventional non-learning based baseline methods.      
### 37.Beamforming Design and Power Allocation for Transmissive RMS-based Transmitter Architectures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.11013.pdf)
>  This letter investigates a downlink multiple input single output (MISO) system based on transmissive reconfigurable metasurface (RMS) transmitter. Specifically, a transmitter design based on a transmissive RMS equipped with a feed antenna is first proposed. Then, in order to maximize the achievable sum-rate of the system, the beamforming design and power allocation are jointly optimized. Since the optimization variables are coupled, this formulated optimization problem is non-convex, so it is difficult to solve it directly. To solve this problem, we proposed an alternating optimization (AO) technique based on difference-of-convex (DC) programming and successive convex approximation (SCA). Simulation results verify that the proposed algorithm can achieve convergence and improve the achievable sum-rate of the system.      
### 38.Design of the Propulsion System of Nano satellite: StudSat2  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10992.pdf)
>  The increase in the application of the satellite has skyrocketed the number of satellites, especially in the low earth orbit. The major concern today is after the end of life, these satellites become debris which negatively affects the space environment. As per the international guidelines of the European Space Agency, it is mandatory to deorbit the satellite within 25 years of the end of life. StudSat1, which was successfully launched on 12th July 2010, is the first Pico satellite developed in India by undergraduate students from seven different engineering colleges across South India. Now, the team is developing StudSat2, which is India's first twin satellite mission having two nanosatellites whose overall mass is less than 10kg. This paper is aimed to design the propulsion system, cold gas thruster, to deorbit StudSat2 from its original orbit i.e. 600 km to lower orbit i.e. 400km. The propulsion system mainly consists of a storage tank, pipes, Convergent Divergent nozzle, and electronic actuators. The paper also gives information about the components of cold gas thruster, which have been designed in the CATIA V5, and the structural and flow analysis of the same has been done in ANSYS. The concept of Hohmann transfer has been used to deorbit the satellite and STK has been used to simulate it.      
### 39.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces Aided Communication: Capacity and Performance Analysis Over Rician Fading Channel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10937.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider a single input single output (SISO) system for Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface (RIS) assisted mmWave communication. We consider Rician channel models over user node to RIS and RIS to Access Point (AP). We obtain closed form expressions for capacity with channel state information (CSI) and without CSI at the transmitter. Newly derived capacity expressions are closed form expressions in a very compact form. We also simplified the closed form expressions for average symbol error probability. We also characterize the impacts of key parameters Rician factor K and number of elements on IRS on ergodic capacity with CSI and without CSI at the transmitter.      
### 40.Power Plant Classification from Remote Imaging with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10894.pdf)
>  Satellite remote imaging enables the detailed study of land use patterns on a global scale. We investigate the possibility to improve the information content of traditional land use classification by identifying the nature of industrial sites from medium-resolution remote sensing images. In this work, we focus on classifying different types of power plants from Sentinel-2 imaging data. Using a ResNet-50 deep learning model, we are able to achieve a mean accuracy of 90.0% in distinguishing 10 different power plant types and a background class. Furthermore, we are able to identify the cooling mechanisms utilized in thermal power plants with a mean accuracy of 87.5%. Our results enable us to qualitatively investigate the energy mix from Sentinel-2 imaging data, and prove the feasibility to classify industrial sites on a global scale from freely available satellite imagery.      
### 41.Using UMAP to Inspect Audio Data for Unsupervised Anomaly Detection under Domain-Shift Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.10880.pdf)
>  The goal of Unsupervised Anomaly Detection (UAD) is to detect anomalous signals under the condition that only non-anomalous (normal) data is available beforehand. In UAD under Domain-Shift Conditions (UAD-S), data is further exposed to contextual changes that are usually unknown beforehand. Motivated by the difficulties encountered in the UAD-S task presented at the 2021 edition of the Detection and Classification of Acoustic Scenes and Events (DCASE) challenge, we visually inspect Uniform Manifold Approximations and Projections (UMAPs) for log-STFT, log-mel and pretrained Look, Listen and Learn (L3) representations of the DCASE UAD-S dataset. In our exploratory investigation, we look for two qualities, Separability (SEP) and Discriminative Support (DSUP), and formulate several hypotheses that could facilitate diagnosis and developement of further representation and detection approaches. Particularly, we hypothesize that input length and pretraining may regulate a relevant tradeoff between SEP and DSUP. Our code as well as the resulting UMAPs and plots are publicly available.      
