# ArXiv eess --Thu, 8 Jul 2021
### 1.The Italian Experience of CHAIN 2 in Enabling Post-Metering Value-Added Services for Low Voltage Electricity Users  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03345.pdf)
>  Electrical energy consumption data accessibility for low voltage (LV) end users is one of the pillars of smart grids. In some countries, despite the presence of smart meters (SMs), a fragmentary data availability hinders the creation of post-metering value-added services and confines such innovative solutions to the prototypal and experimental level. This article focuses on a specific approach adopted in Italy by the national regulatory authority (NRA) and the distribution system operators (DSOs): SMs are enabled to convey data to LV end users through a power line communication (PLC) channel (chain 2) in near real-time. This paper aims to describe the proof of concept that the channel underwent and its subsequent validation (with performances nearing 99% success rate), as well as its deployment and the market of post-metering services enabled by chain 2 (e.g., customer awareness, scheduling and power modulation of smart appliances, participation in the electricity market, etc.). Recommendations and models for researchers and industry experts are provided.      
### 2.Time Encoding of Finite-Rate-of-Innovation Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03344.pdf)
>  Time encoding of continuous-time signals is an alternative sampling paradigm to conventional methods like Shannon sampling. In time encoding, the signal is encoded using a sequence of time instants where an event occurs, and hence fall under event-driven sampling methods. Time encoding can be designed agnostic to the global clock of the sampling hardware which means the sampling is asynchronous. Moreover, the samples are sparse. This makes time encoding energy efficient. However, the signal representation is nonstandard and in general, nonuniform. In this paper, we consider the extension to time encoding of finite-rate-of-innovation signals, and in particular, periodic signals composed of weighted and time-shifted versions of a known pulse. We consider time encoding using crossing-time-encoding machine (C-TEM) and integrate-and-fire time encoding machine (IF-TEM). We analyse time encoding in the Fourier domain and arrive at the familiar sum-of-sinusoids structure in the Fourier-series coefficients that can be obtained from the time-encoded measurements via some forward linear transformation, where standard techniques in FRI signal recovery can be applied. Further, we extend this theory to multichannel time encoding such that each channel operates with a lower sampling requirement. We then study the effect of measurement noise, where the temporal measurements are perturbed by additive jitter. To combat the effect of noise, we propose a robust optimisation framework to simultaneously denoise the Fourier-series coefficients and recover the annihilating filter. We provide sufficient conditions for time encoding and perfect reconstruction using C-TEM and IF-TEM, and provide extensive simulations to support our claims.      
### 3.Optimization of Electrolyte Rebalancing in Vanadium Redox Flow Batteries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03339.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel algorithm to optimize energy capacity restoration of vanadium redox flow batteries (VRFBs). VRFB technologies can have their lives prolonged through a partially restoration of the lost capacity by electrolyte rebalancing. Our algorithm finds the optimal number and time of these rebalancing services to minimize the service cost, while maximizing the revenues from energy arbitrage. We show that the linearized form of this problem can be analytically solved, and that the objective function is convex. To solve the complete problem, we develop a two-step mixed integer linear programming (MILP) algorithm, which first finds the bounds for optimal number of services and then optimizes the number, and time of the services. We then present a theoretical analysis and optimization results for a case study of energy arbitrage in New York ISO.      
### 4.AGD-Autoencoder: Attention Gated Deep Convolutional Autoencoder for Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03323.pdf)
>  Brain tumor segmentation is a challenging problem in medical image analysis. The endpoint is to generate the salient masks that accurately identify brain tumor regions in an fMRI screening. In this paper, we propose a novel attention gate (AG model) for brain tumor segmentation that utilizes both the edge detecting unit and the attention gated network to highlight and segment the salient regions from fMRI images. This feature enables us to eliminate the necessity of having to explicitly point towards the damaged area(external tissue localization) and classify(classification) as per classical computer vision techniques. AGs can easily be integrated within the deep convolutional neural networks(CNNs). Minimal computional overhead is required while the AGs increase the sensitivity scores significantly. We show that the edge detector along with an attention gated mechanism provide a sufficient enough method for brain segmentation reaching an IOU of 0.78      
### 5.Bone Surface Reconstruction and Clinical Features Estimation from Sparse Landmarks and Statistical Shape Models: A feasibility study on the femur  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03292.pdf)
>  In this study, we investigated a method allowing the determination of the femur bone surface as well as its mechanical axis from some easy-to-identify bony landmarks. The reconstruction of the whole femur is therefore performed from these landmarks using a Statistical Shape Model (SSM). The aim of this research is therefore to assess the impact of the number, the position, and the accuracy of the landmarks for the reconstruction of the femur and the determination of its related mechanical axis, an important clinical parameter to consider for the lower limb analysis. Two statistical femur models were created from our in-house dataset and a publicly available dataset. Both were evaluated in terms of average point-to-point surface distance error and through the mechanical axis of the femur. Furthermore, the clinical impact of using landmarks on the skin in replacement of bony landmarks is investigated. The predicted proximal femurs from bony landmarks were more accurate compared to on-skin landmarks while both had less than 3.5 degrees mechanical axis angle deviation error. The results regarding the non-invasive determination of the mechanical axis are very encouraging and could open very interesting clinical perspectives for the analysis of the lower limb either for orthopedics or functional rehabilitation.      
### 6.Quantum Graph Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03257.pdf)
>  At present, there are a large number of quantum neural network models to deal with Euclidean spatial data, while little research have been conducted on non-Euclidean spatial data. In this paper, we propose a novel quantum graph convolutional neural network (QGCN) model based on quantum parametric circuits and utilize the computing power of quantum systems to accomplish graph classification tasks in traditional machine learning. The proposed QGCN model has a similar architecture as the classical graph convolutional neural networks, which can illustrate the topology of the graph type data and efficiently learn the hidden layer representation of node features as well. Numerical simulation results on a graph dataset demonstrate that the proposed model can be effectively trained and has good performance in graph level classification tasks.      
### 7.DER Forecast using Privacy Preserving Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03248.pdf)
>  With increasing penetration of Distributed Energy Resources (DERs) in grid edge including renewable generation, flexible loads, and storage, accurate prediction of distributed generation and consumption at the consumer level becomes important. However, DER prediction based on the transmission of customer level data, either repeatedly or in large amounts, is not feasible due to privacy concerns. In this paper, a distributed machine learning approach, Federated Learning, is proposed to carry out DER forecasting using a network of IoT nodes, each of which transmits a model of the consumption and generation patterns without revealing consumer data. We consider a simulation study which includes 1000 DERs, and show that our method leads to an accurate prediction of preserve consumer privacy, while still leading to an accurate forecast. We also evaluate grid-specific performance metrics such as load swings and load curtailment and show that our FL algorithm leads to satisfactory performance. Simulations are also performed on the Pecan street dataset to demonstrate the validity of the proposed approach on real data.      
### 8.Improving Speech Recognition Accuracy of Local POI Using Geographical Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03165.pdf)
>  Nowadays voice search for points of interest (POI) is becoming increasingly popular. However, speech recognition for local POI has remained to be a challenge due to multi-dialect and massive POI. This paper improves speech recognition accuracy for local POI from two aspects. Firstly, a geographic acoustic model (Geo-AM) is proposed. The Geo-AM deals with multi-dialect problem using dialect-specific input feature and dialect-specific top layer. Secondly, a group of geo-specific language models (Geo-LMs) are integrated into our speech recognition system to improve recognition accuracy of long tail and homophone POI. During decoding, specific language models are selected on demand according to users' geographic location. Experiments show that the proposed Geo-AM achieves 6.5%$\sim$10.1% relative character error rate (CER) reduction on an accent testset and the proposed Geo-AM and Geo-LM totally achieve over 18.7% relative CER reduction on Tencent Map task.      
### 9.A high performance active noise control system for magnetic fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03164.pdf)
>  We present a system for active noise control (ANC) of environmental magnetic fields based on a Filtered-x Least Mean Squares (FxLMS) algorithm. The system consists of a sensor that detects the ambient field noise and an error sensor that measures the signal of interest contaminated with the noise. These signals are fed to an adaptive algorithm that constructs a physical anti-noise signal cancelling the local magnetic field noise. The proposed system achieves a maximum of 35 dB root-mean-square (RMS) noise suppression in the DC-1 kHz band and 50 dB and 40 dB amplitude suppression of 50 Hz and 150 Hz AC line noise respectively for all three axial directions of the magnetic vector field.      
### 10.Novel Approach To Synchronisation Of Wearable IMUs Based On Magnetometers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03147.pdf)
>  Synchronisation of wireless inertial measurement units in human movement analysis is often achieved using event-based synchronisation techniques. However, these techniques lack precise event generation and accuracy. An inaccurate synchronisation could lead to large errors in motion estimation and reconstruction and therefore wrong analysis outputs. We propose a novel event-based synchronisation technique based on a magnetic field, which allows sub-sample accuracy. A setup featuring Shimmer3 inertial measurement units is designed to test the approach. The proposed technique shows to be able to synchronise with a maximum offset of below 2.6~ms with sensors measuring at 100~Hz. Also, the results indicate a reliable event generation and detection. The investigated parameters suggest a required synchronisation time of eight seconds. Further research should investigate the temperature changes that the sensors are exposed to during human motion analysis and their influence on the internal time measurement of the sensors. In addition, the approach should be tested using inertial measurement units from different manufacturers to investigate an identified constant offset in the accuracy measurements.      
### 11.A Deep Residual Star Generative Adversarial Network for multi-domain Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03145.pdf)
>  Recently, most of state-of-the-art single image super-resolution (SISR) methods have attained impressive performance by using deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs). The existing SR methods have limited performance due to a fixed degradation settings, i.e. usually a bicubic downscaling of low-resolution (LR) image. However, in real-world settings, the LR degradation process is unknown which can be bicubic LR, bilinear LR, nearest-neighbor LR, or real LR. Therefore, most SR methods are ineffective and inefficient in handling more than one degradation settings within a single network. To handle the multiple degradation, i.e. refers to multi-domain image super-resolution, we propose a deep Super-Resolution Residual StarGAN (SR2*GAN), a novel and scalable approach that super-resolves the LR images for the multiple LR domains using only a single model. The proposed scheme is trained in a StarGAN like network topology with a single generator and discriminator networks. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach in quantitative and qualitative experiments compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 12.A General Controller Scheme for Stabilization &amp; Disturbance Rejection with Application to Non-Linear Systems and its Implementation on 2 DOF Helicopter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03117.pdf)
>  A general controller scheme for stabilizing a non-linear system, which has its origin from the linear system theory, is proposed in this paper. The proposed controller can stabilize the non-linear system subjected to initial conditions. An effective way to obtain the controller parameters is presented with the knowledge of the system model. The controller is designed for the linear time-invariant (LTI) system, which can reject any disturbance acting on it. Paper emphasis the idea of an integrator controller in disturbance rejection. The concept is extended to the application to non-linear systems where the non-linearities are assessed as the disturbance to the refined linear part of the system. Boundedness and convergence of the non-linear system with the controller are proved to justify system stabilization. Hardware implementation of the controller on the 2 dof helicopter model is presented with experimental results, which validates the proposed control scheme.      
### 13.Dynamic Virtual Power Plant Design for Fast Frequency Reserves: Coordinating Hydro and Wind  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03087.pdf)
>  To ensure frequency stability in future low-inertia power grids, fast ancillary services such as fast frequency reserves (FFR) have been proposed. In this work, the coordination of conventional (slow) frequency containment reserves (FCR) with FFR is treated as a decentralized model matching problem. The design results in a dynamic virtual power plant (DVPP) whose aggregated output fulfills the system operator (SO) requirements in all time scales, while accounting for the capacity and bandwidth limitation of participating devices. This is illustrated in a 5-machine representation of the Nordic synchronous grid. In the Nordic grid, stability issues and bandwidth limitations associated with non-minimum phase zeros of hydropower is a well-known problem. By simulating the disconnection of a 1400 MW importing dc link, it is shown that the proposed DVPP design allows for coordinating fast FFR from wind, with slow FCR from hydro, while respecting dynamic limitations of all participating devices. The SO requirements are fulfilled in a realistic low-inertia scenario without the need to install battery storage or to waste wind energy by curtailing the wind turbines.      
### 14.Position Constrained, Adaptive Control of Robotic Manipulators without Velocity Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03056.pdf)
>  This work presents the design and the corresponding stability analysis of a model based, joint position tracking error constrained, adaptive output feedback controller for robot manipulators. Specifically, provided that the initial joint position tracking error starts within a predefined region, the proposed controller algorithm ensures that the joint tracking error remains inside this region and asymptotically approaches to zero, despite the lack of joint velocity measurements and uncertainties associated with the system dynamics. The need for the joint velocity measurements are removed via the use of a surrogate filter formulation in conjunction with the use of desired model compensation. The stability and the convergence of the closed loop system are proved via a barrier Lyapunov function based argument. A simulation performed on a two-link robotic manipulator is provided in order to illustrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 15.Transformer Network for Significant Stenosis Detection in CCTA of Coronary Arteries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03035.pdf)
>  Coronary artery disease (CAD) has posed a leading threat to the lives of cardiovascular disease patients worldwide for a long time. Therefore, automated diagnosis of CAD has indispensable significance in clinical medicine. However, the complexity of coronary artery plaques that cause CAD makes the automatic detection of coronary artery stenosis in Coronary CT angiography (CCTA) a difficult task. In this paper, we propose a Transformer network (TR-Net) for the automatic detection of significant stenosis (i.e. luminal narrowing &gt; 50%) while practically completing the computer-assisted diagnosis of CAD. The proposed TR-Net introduces a novel Transformer, and tightly combines convolutional layers and Transformer encoders, allowing their advantages to be demonstrated in the task. By analyzing semantic information sequences, TR-Net can fully understand the relationship between image information in each position of a multiplanar reformatted (MPR) image, and accurately detect significant stenosis based on both local and global information. We evaluate our TR-Net on a dataset of 76 patients from different patients annotated by experienced radiologists. Experimental results illustrate that our TR-Net has achieved better results in ACC (0.92), Spec (0.96), PPV (0.84), F1 (0.79) and MCC (0.74) indicators compared with the state-of-the-art methods. The source code is publicly available from the link (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/XinghuaMa/TR-Net" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 16.Advancing CTC-CRF Based End-to-End Speech Recognition with Wordpieces and Conformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03007.pdf)
>  Automatic speech recognition systems have been largely improved in the past few decades and current systems are mainly hybrid-based and end-to-end-based. The recently proposed CTC-CRF framework inherits the data-efficiency of the hybrid approach and the simplicity of the end-to-end approach. In this paper, we further advance CTC-CRF based ASR technique with explorations on modeling units and neural architectures. Specifically, we investigate techniques to enable the recently developed wordpiece modeling units and Conformer neural networks to be succesfully applied in CTC-CRFs. Experiments are conducted on two English datasets (Switchboard, Librispeech) and a German dataset from CommonVoice. Experimental results suggest that (i) Conformer can improve the recognition performance significantly; (ii) Wordpiece-based systems perform slightly worse compared with phone-based systems for the target language with a low degree of grapheme-phoneme correspondence (e.g. English), while the two systems can perform equally strong when such degree of correspondence is high for the target language (e.g. German).      
### 17.Embedding digital chronotherapy into medical devices -- A canine case study in controlling status epilepticus through multi-scale rhythmic brain stimulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02993.pdf)
>  Circadian and other physiological rhythms play a key role in both normal homeostasis and disease processes. Such is the case of circadian and infradian seizure patterns observed in epilepsy. However, these rhythms are not fully exploited in the design of active implantable medical devices. In this paper we explore a new implantable stimulator that implements chronotherapy as a feedforward input to supplement both open-loop and closed-loop methods. This integrated algorithm allows for stimulation to be adjusted to the ultradian, circadian, and infradian patterns observed in patients through slowly-varying temporal adjustments of stimulation and algorithm sub-components, while also enabling adaption of stimulation based on immediate physiological needs such as a breakthrough seizure or change of posture. Embedded physiological sensors in the stimulator can be used to refine the baseline stimulation circadian pattern as a "digital zeitgeber". This algorithmic approach is tested on a canine with severe drug-resistant idiopathic generalized epilepsy exhibiting a characteristic diurnal pattern correlated with sleep-wake cycles. Prior to implantation, the canine's cluster seizures evolved to status epilepticus (SE) and required emergency pharmacological intervention. The cranially-mounted system was fully-implanted bilaterally into the centromedian nucleus of the thalamus. Using combinations of time-based modulation, thalamocortical rhythm-specific tuning of frequency parameters, and fast-adaptive modes based on activity, the canine has experienced no further SE events post-implant at the time of writing (7 months), and no significant clusters are observed any longer. The use of digitally-enabled chronotherapy as a feedforward signal to augment adaptive neurostimulators could prove a useful algorithmic method where sensitivity to temporal patterns are characteristics of the disease state.      
### 18.Deep-Learning Based Auction-Driven Beamforming for Wireless Information and Power Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02986.pdf)
>  In this paper, we design a deep learning based resource allocation framework, in the form of an auction, for simultaneous information and power transfer from a hybrid access point (AP) to information devices and energy harvesting devices, respectively. Using Myerson's lemma and the concept of virtual welfare maximization, we develop an optimal dominant-strategy incentive-compatible mechanism for the AP to maximize its expected revenue, based on the devices' bid profiles, valuation distributions, demand profiles, and channel state information. In so doing, we formulate the revenue maximization problem, which is a mixed-integer non-linear program, and propose an efficient Branch-and-Bound (BnB) algorithm to solve the problem using semidefinite relaxation technique in each branch. Since the problem has exponential time complexity, using BnB algorithms can be impractical for real-time applications. To circumvent this, a deep neural network (DNN) is proposed, and trained to predict the optimal mechanism for beamforming the data and the energy towards the information and energy devices, respectively. We use the BnB algorithm to solve the problem offline and populate the training dataset. The proposed DNN architecture is indeed a multi-layer perceptron, which is trained well to map the heterogeneous input to the desired output with high accuracy. Furthermore, we propose a heuristic iterative solution whose accuracy performance is comparable to that of the DNN-based solution. The heuristic solution has polynomial time complexity whereas the DNN-based solution has linear time complexity.      
### 19.GAN-based Data Augmentation for Chest X-ray Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02970.pdf)
>  A common problem in computer vision -- particularly in medical applications -- is a lack of sufficiently diverse, large sets of training data. These datasets often suffer from severe class imbalance. As a result, networks often overfit and are unable to generalize to novel examples. Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) offer a novel method of synthetic data augmentation. In this work, we evaluate the use of GAN- based data augmentation to artificially expand the CheXpert dataset of chest radiographs. We compare performance to traditional augmentation and find that GAN-based augmentation leads to higher downstream performance for underrepresented classes. Furthermore, we see that this result is pronounced in low data regimens. This suggests that GAN-based augmentation a promising area of research to improve network performance when data collection is prohibitively expensive.      
### 20.End-to-End Simultaneous Learning of Single-particle Orientation and 3D Map Reconstruction from Cryo-electron Microscopy Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02958.pdf)
>  Cryogenic electron microscopy (cryo-EM) provides images from different copies of the same biomolecule in arbitrary orientations. Here, we present an end-to-end unsupervised approach that learns individual particle orientations from cryo-EM data while reconstructing the average 3D map of the biomolecule, starting from a random initialization. The approach relies on an auto-encoder architecture where the latent space is explicitly interpreted as orientations used by the decoder to form an image according to the linear projection model. We evaluate our method on simulated data and show that it is able to reconstruct 3D particle maps from noisy- and CTF-corrupted 2D projection images of unknown particle orientations.      
### 21.Control Schemes For Distribution Grids With Mass Distributed Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02939.pdf)
>  This project discusses the control schemes for distribution grids with a large amount of wind penetration. Microgrids are constantly gaining popularity, especially in the countries, where there is energy crisis. Various systems, including synchronous generators, grid and loads, have been investigated in this project. Major focus is placed on active and reactive power sharing. Droop control for multiple synchronous generators is explored. The phenomenon of load transients has also been reviewed and associated simulations have been carried out on SimPower Systems. Constant wind power has been introduced and behaviour of the electrical system is observed. Behaviour of the system under variable wind has also been analysed. Moreover, recent development projects and previous works, regarding microgrids and distributed generation, have been discussed.      
### 22.Image Complexity Guided Network Compression for Biomedical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02927.pdf)
>  Compression is a standard procedure for making convolutional neural networks (CNNs) adhere to some specific computing resource constraints. However, searching for a compressed architecture typically involves a series of time-consuming training/validation experiments to determine a good compromise between network size and performance accuracy. To address this, we propose an image complexity-guided network compression technique for biomedical image segmentation. Given any resource constraints, our framework utilizes data complexity and network architecture to quickly estimate a compressed model which does not require network training. Specifically, we map the dataset complexity to the target network accuracy degradation caused by compression. Such mapping enables us to predict the final accuracy for different network sizes, based on the computed dataset complexity. Thus, one may choose a solution that meets both the network size and segmentation accuracy requirements. Finally, the mapping is used to determine the convolutional layer-wise multiplicative factor for generating a compressed network. We conduct experiments using 5 datasets, employing 3 commonly-used CNN architectures for biomedical image segmentation as representative networks. Our proposed framework is shown to be effective for generating compressed segmentation networks, retaining up to $\approx 95\%$ of the full-sized network segmentation accuracy, and at the same time, utilizing $\approx 32x$ fewer network trainable weights (average reduction) of the full-sized networks.      
### 23.Towards Scalable and Channel-Robust Radio Frequency Fingerprint Identification for LoRa  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02867.pdf)
>  Radio frequency fingerprint identification (RFFI) is a promising device authentication technique based on the transmitter hardware impairments. In this paper, we propose a scalable and robust RFFI framework achieved by deep learning powered radio frequency fingerprint (RFF) extractor. Specifically, we leverage the deep metric learning to train an RFF extractor, which has excellent generalization ability and can extract RFFs from previously unseen devices. Any devices can be enrolled via the pre-trained RFF extractor and the RFF database can be maintained efficiently for allowing devices to join and leave. Wireless channel impacts the RFF extraction and is tackled by exploiting channel independent feature and data augmentation. We carried out extensive experimental evaluation involving 60 commercial off-the-shelf LoRa devices and a USRP N210 software defined radio platform. The results have successfully demonstrated that our framework can achieve excellent generalization abilities for device classification and rogue device detection as well as effective channel mitigation.      
### 24.A Discrete Simulation Optimization Approach Towards Calibration of an Agent-based Simulation Model of Hepatitis C Virus Transmission  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02856.pdf)
>  This study demonstrates the implementation of the stochastic ruler discrete simulation optimization method for calibrating an agent-based model (ABM) developed to simulate hepatitis C virus (HCV) transmission. The ABM simulates HCV transmission between agents interacting in multiple environments relevant for HCV transmission in the Indian context. Key outcomes of the ABM are HCV and injecting drug user (IDU) prevalences among the simulated cohort. Certain input parameters of the ABM need to be calibrated so that simulation outcomes attain values as close as possible to real-world HCV and IDU prevalences. We conceptualize the calibration process as a discrete simulation optimization problem by discretizing the calibration parameter ranges, defining an appropriate objective function, and then applying the stochastic ruler random search method to solve this problem. We also present a method that exploits the monotonic relationship between the simulation outcomes and calibration parameters to yield improved calibration solutions with lesser computational effort.      
### 25.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Small Bowel Segmentation using Disentangled Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02854.pdf)
>  We present a novel unsupervised domain adaptation method for small bowel segmentation based on feature disentanglement. To make the domain adaptation more controllable, we disentangle intensity and non-intensity features within a unique two-stream auto-encoding architecture, and selectively adapt the non-intensity features that are believed to be more transferable across domains. The segmentation prediction is performed by aggregating the disentangled features. We evaluated our method using intravenous contrast-enhanced abdominal CT scans with and without oral contrast, which are used as source and target domains, respectively. The proposed method showed clear improvements in terms of three different metrics compared to other domain adaptation methods that are without the feature disentanglement. The method brings small bowel segmentation closer to clinical application.      
### 26.A Comparative Study of Modular and Joint Approaches for Speaker-Attributed ASR on Monaural Long-Form Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02852.pdf)
>  Speaker-attributed automatic speech recognition (SA-ASR) is a task to recognize "who spoke what" from multi-talker recordings. An SA-ASR system usually consists of multiple modules such as speech separation, speaker diarization and ASR. On the other hand, considering the joint optimization, an end-to-end (E2E) SA-ASR model has recently been proposed with promising results on simulation data. In this paper, we present our recent study on the comparison of such modular and joint approaches towards SA-ASR on real monaural recordings. We develop state-of-the-art SA-ASR systems for both modular and joint approaches by leveraging large-scale training data, including 75 thousand hours of ASR training data and the VoxCeleb corpus for speaker representation learning. We also propose a new pipeline that performs the E2E SA-ASR model after speaker clustering. Our evaluation on the AMI meeting corpus reveals that after fine-tuning with a small real data, the joint system performs 9.2--29.4% better in accuracy compared to the best modular system while the modular system performs better before such fine-tuning. We also conduct various error analyses to show the remaining issues for the monaural SA-ASR.      
### 27.Deep Unfolding with Normalizing Flow Priors for Inverse Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02848.pdf)
>  Many application domains, spanning from computational photography to medical imaging, require recovery of high-fidelity images from noisy, incomplete or partial/compressed measurements. State of the art methods for solving these inverse problems combine deep learning with iterative model-based solvers, a concept known as deep algorithm unfolding. By combining a-priori knowledge of the forward measurement model with learned (proximal) mappings based on deep networks, these methods yield solutions that are both physically feasible (data-consistent) and perceptually plausible. However, current proximal mappings only implicitly learn such image priors. In this paper, we propose to make these image priors fully explicit by embedding deep generative models in the form of normalizing flows within the unfolded proximal gradient algorithm. We demonstrate that the proposed method outperforms competitive baselines on various image recovery tasks, spanning from image denoising to inpainting and deblurring.      
### 28.SoundStream: An End-to-End Neural Audio Codec  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03312.pdf)
>  We present SoundStream, a novel neural audio codec that can efficiently compress speech, music and general audio at bitrates normally targeted by speech-tailored codecs. SoundStream relies on a model architecture composed by a fully convolutional encoder/decoder network and a residual vector quantizer, which are trained jointly end-to-end. Training leverages recent advances in text-to-speech and speech enhancement, which combine adversarial and reconstruction losses to allow the generation of high-quality audio content from quantized embeddings. By training with structured dropout applied to quantizer layers, a single model can operate across variable bitrates from 3kbps to 18kbps, with a negligible quality loss when compared with models trained at fixed bitrates. In addition, the model is amenable to a low latency implementation, which supports streamable inference and runs in real time on a smartphone CPU. In subjective evaluations using audio at 24kHz sampling rate, SoundStream at 3kbps outperforms Opus at 12kbps and approaches EVS at 9.6kbps. Moreover, we are able to perform joint compression and enhancement either at the encoder or at the decoder side with no additional latency, which we demonstrate through background noise suppression for speech.      
### 29.VAENAR-TTS: Variational Auto-Encoder based Non-AutoRegressive Text-to-Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03298.pdf)
>  This paper describes a variational auto-encoder based non-autoregressive text-to-speech (VAENAR-TTS) model. The autoregressive TTS (AR-TTS) models based on the sequence-to-sequence architecture can generate high-quality speech, but their sequential decoding process can be time-consuming. Recently, non-autoregressive TTS (NAR-TTS) models have been shown to be more efficient with the parallel decoding process. However, these NAR-TTS models rely on phoneme-level durations to generate a hard alignment between the text and the spectrogram. Obtaining duration labels, either through forced alignment or knowledge distillation, is cumbersome. Furthermore, hard alignment based on phoneme expansion can degrade the naturalness of the synthesized speech. In contrast, the proposed model of VAENAR-TTS is an end-to-end approach that does not require phoneme-level durations. The VAENAR-TTS model does not contain recurrent structures and is completely non-autoregressive in both the training and inference phases. Based on the VAE architecture, the alignment information is encoded in the latent variable, and attention-based soft alignment between the text and the latent variable is used in the decoder to reconstruct the spectrogram. Experiments show that VAENAR-TTS achieves state-of-the-art synthesis quality, while the synthesis speed is comparable with other NAR-TTS models.      
### 30.Quadratic and Higher-Order Unconstrained Binary Optimization of Railway Dispatching Problem for Quantum Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03234.pdf)
>  The consequences of disruptions in railway traffic are the primary cause of passengers' dissatisfaction. Hence, appropriate dispatching decisions are necessary (e.g., by assigning the order of trains), given the numerous restrictions of traffic nature. The latter is perceived as an NP-hard problem. This paper outlines QUBO (quadratic unconstrained binary optimization) and HOBO (higher-order binary optimization) representations for dispatching problems of railway traffic management. Specifically, we consider minimal span between trains, minimal stay on stations, station/track occupation, and rolling stock circulation. The main result is the hybrid algorithm to deal with disturbances in rail traffic on single-, double- and multi-track lines; the demonstrative model illustrates the issue briefly. This algorithm can solve railway dispatching problems using the quantum annealer or any other QUBO-based optimization device.      
### 31.Scalable Data Balancing for Unlabeled Satellite Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03227.pdf)
>  Data imbalance is a ubiquitous problem in machine learning. In large scale collected and annotated datasets, data imbalance is either mitigated manually by undersampling frequent classes and oversampling rare classes, or planned for with imputation and augmentation techniques. In both cases balancing data requires labels. In other words, only annotated data can be balanced. Collecting fully annotated datasets is challenging, especially for large scale satellite systems such as the unlabeled NASA's 35 PB Earth Imagery dataset. Although the NASA Earth Imagery dataset is unlabeled, there are implicit properties of the data source that we can rely on to hypothesize about its imbalance, such as distribution of land and water in the case of the Earth's imagery. We present a new iterative method to balance unlabeled data. Our method utilizes image embeddings as a proxy for image labels that can be used to balance data, and ultimately when trained increases overall accuracy.      
### 32.MACCIF-TDNN: Multi aspect aggregation of channel and context interdependence features in TDNN-based speaker verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03104.pdf)
>  Most of the recent state-of-the-art results for speaker verification are achieved by X-vector and its subsequent variants. In this paper, we propose a new network architecture which aggregates the channel and context interdependence features from multi aspect based on Time Delay Neural Network (TDNN). Firstly, we use the SE-Res2Blocks as in ECAPA-TDNN to explicitly model the channel interdependence to realize adaptive calibration of channel features, and process local context features in a multi-scale way at a more granular level compared with conventional TDNN-based methods. Secondly, we explore to use the encoder structure of Transformer to model the global context interdependence features at an utterance level which can capture better long term temporal characteristics. Before the pooling layer, we aggregate the outputs of SE-Res2Blocks and Transformer encoder to leverage the complementary channel and context interdependence features learned by themself respectively. Finally, instead of performing a single attentive statistics pooling, we also find it beneficial to extend the pooling method in a multi-head way which can discriminate features from multiple aspect. The proposed MACCIF-TDNN architecture can outperform most of the state-of-the-art TDNN-based systems on VoxCeleb1 test sets.      
### 33.Adversarial Auto-Encoding for Packet Loss Concealment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03100.pdf)
>  Communication technologies like voice over IP operate under constrained real-time conditions, with voice packets being subject to delays and losses from the network. In such cases, the packet loss concealment (PLC) algorithm reconstructs missing frames until a new real packet is received. Recently, autoregressive deep neural networks have been shown to surpass the quality of signal processing methods for PLC, specially for long-term predictions beyond 60 ms. In this work, we propose a non-autoregressive adversarial auto-encoder, named PLAAE, to perform real-time PLC in the waveform domain. PLAAE has a causal convolutional structure, and it learns in an auto-encoder fashion to reconstruct signals with gaps, with the help of an adversarial loss. During inference, it is able to predict smooth and coherent continuations of such gaps in a single feed-forward step, as opposed to autoregressive models. Our evaluation highlights the superiority of PLAAE over two classic PLCs and two deep autoregressive models in terms of spectral and intonation reconstruction, perceptual quality, and intelligibility.      
### 34.Hub and Spoke Logistics Network Design for Urban Region with Clustering-Based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03080.pdf)
>  This study aims to propose effective modeling and approach for designing a logistics network in the urban area in order to offer an efficient flow distribution network as a competitive strategy in the logistics industry where demand is sensitive to both price and time. A multi-stage approach is introduced to select the number of hubs and allocate spokes to the hubs for flow distribution and hubs' location detection. Specifically, a fuzzy clustering model with the objective function is to minimize the approximate transportation cost is employed, in the next phase is to focus on balancing the demand capacity among the hubs with the help of domain experts, afterward, the facility location vehicle routing problems within the network is introduced. To demonstrate the approach's advantages, an experiment was performed on the designed network and its actual transportation cost for the real operational data in which specific to the Ho Chi Minh city infrastructure conditions. Additionally, we show the flexibility of the designed network in the flow distribution and its computational experiments to develop the managerial insights which contribute to the network design decision-making process.      
### 35.Can Connected Autonomous Vehicles really improve mixed traffic efficiency in realistic scenarios?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03078.pdf)
>  Connected autonomous vehicles (CAVs) can supplement the information from their own sensors with information from surrounding CAVs for decision making and control. This has the potential to improve traffic efficiency. CAVs face additional challenges in their driving, however, when they interact with human-driven vehicles (HDVs) in mixed-traffic environments due to the uncertainty in human's driving behavior e.g. larger reaction times, perception errors, etc. While a lot of research has investigated the impact of CAVs on traffic safety and efficiency at different penetration rates, all have assumed either perfect communication or very simple scenarios with imperfect communication. In practice, the presence of communication delays and packet losses means that CAVs might receive only partial information from surrounding vehicles, and this can have detrimental effects on their performance. This paper investigates the impact of CAVs on traffic efficiency in realistic communication and road network scenarios (i.e. imperfect communication and large-scale road network). We analyze the effect of unreliable communication links on CAVs operation in mixed traffic with various penetration rates and evaluate traffic performance in congested traffic scenarios on a large-scale road network (the M50 motorway, in Ireland). Results show that CAVs can significantly improve traffic efficiency in congested traffic scenarios at high penetration rates. The scale of the improvement depends on communication reliability, with a packet drop rate of 70% leading to an increase in traffic congestion by 28.7% and 11.88% at 40% and 70% penetration rates respectively compared to perfect communication.      
### 36.Efficient Transformer for Direct Speech Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03069.pdf)
>  The advent of Transformer-based models has surpassed the barriers of text. When working with speech, we must face a problem: the sequence length of an audio input is not suitable for the Transformer. To bypass this problem, a usual approach is adding strided convolutional layers, to reduce the sequence length before using the Transformer. In this paper, we propose a new approach for direct Speech Translation, where thanks to an efficient Transformer we can work with a spectrogram without having to use convolutional layers before the Transformer. This allows the encoder to learn directly from the spectrogram and no information is lost. We have created an encoder-decoder model, where the encoder is an efficient Transformer -- the Longformer -- and the decoder is a traditional Transformer decoder. Our results, which are close to the ones obtained with the standard approach, show that this is a promising research direction.      
### 37.Distributed adaptive algorithm based on the asymmetric cost of error functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03067.pdf)
>  In this paper, a family of novel diffusion adaptive estimation algorithm is proposed from the asymmetric cost function perspective by combining diffusion strategy and the linear-linear cost (LLC), quadratic-quadratic cost (QQC), and linear-exponential cost (LEC), at all distributed network nodes, and named diffusion LLCLMS (DLLCLMS), diffusion QQCLMS (DQQCLMS), and diffusion LECLMS (DLECLMS), respectively. Then the stability of mean estimation error and computational complexity of those three diffusion algorithms are analyzed theoretically. Finally, several experiment simulation results are designed to verify the superiority of those three proposed diffusion algorithms. Experimental simulation results show that DLLCLMS, DQQCLMS, and DLECLMS algorithms are more robust to the input signal and impulsive noise than the DSELMS, DRVSSLMS, and DLLAD algorithms. In brief, theoretical analysis and experiment results show that those proposed DLLCLMS, DQQCLMS, and DLECLMS algorithms have superior performance when estimating the unknown linear system under the changeable impulsive noise environments and different types of input signals.      
### 38.Effective and Differentiated Use of Control Information for Multi-speaker Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03065.pdf)
>  In multi-speaker speech synthesis, data from a number of speakers usually tends to have great diversity due to the fact that the speakers may differ largely in their ages, speaking styles, speeds, emotions, and so on. The diversity of data will lead to the one-to-many mapping problem \cite{Ren2020FastSpeech2F, Kumar2020FewSA}. It is important but challenging to improve the modeling capabilities for multi-speaker speech synthesis. To address the issue, this paper researches into the effective use of control information such as speaker and pitch which are differentiated from text-content information in our encoder-decoder framework: 1) Design a representation of harmonic structure of speech, called excitation spectrogram, from pitch and energy. The excitation spectrogrom is, along with the text-content, fed to the decoder to guide the learning of harmonics of mel-spectrogram. 2) Propose conditional gated LSTM (CGLSTM) whose input/output/forget gates are re-weighted by speaker embedding to control the flow of text-content information in the network. The experiments show significant reduction in reconstruction errors of mel-spectrogram in the training of multi-speaker generative model, and a great improvement is observed in the subjective evaluation of speaker adapted model, e.g, the Mean Opinion Score (MOS) of intelligibility increases by 0.81 points.      
### 39.Cellular, Wide-Area, and Non-Terrestrial IoT: A Survey on 5G Advances and the Road Towards 6G  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03059.pdf)
>  The next wave of wireless technologies is proliferating in connecting things among themselves as well as to humans. In the era of the Internet of things (IoT), billions of sensors, machines, vehicles, drones, and robots will be connected, making the world around us smarter. The IoT will encompass devices that must wirelessly communicate a diverse set of data gathered from the environment for myriad new applications. The ultimate goal is to extract insights from this data and develop solutions that improve quality of life and generate new revenue. Providing large-scale, long-lasting, reliable, and near real-time connectivity is the major challenge in enabling a smart connected world. This paper provides a comprehensive survey on existing and emerging communication solutions for serving IoT applications in the context of cellular, wide-area, as well as non-terrestrial networks. Specifically, wireless technology enhancements for providing IoT access in fifth-generation (5G) and beyond cellular networks, and communication networks over the unlicensed spectrum are presented. Aligned with the main key performance indicators of 5G and beyond 5G networks, we investigate solutions and standards that enable energy efficiency, reliability, low latency, and scalability (connection density) of current and future IoT networks. The solutions include grant-free access and channel coding for short-packet communications, non-orthogonal multiple access, and on-device intelligence. Further, a vision of new paradigm shifts in communication networks in the 2030s is provided, and the integration of the associated new technologies like artificial intelligence, non-terrestrial networks, and new spectra is elaborated. Finally, future research directions toward beyond 5G IoT networks are pointed out.      
### 40.Prospective Beamforming Technologies for Ultra-Massive MIMO in Terahertz Communications: A Tutorial  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.03032.pdf)
>  Terahertz (THz) communications with a frequency band 0.1-10 THz are envisioned as a promising solution to the future high-speed wireless communication. Although with tens of gigahertz available bandwidth, THz signals suffer from severe free-spreading loss and molecular-absorption loss, which limit the wireless transmission distance. To compensate the propagation loss, the ultra-massive multiple-input-multiple-output (UM-MIMO) can be applied to generate a high-gain directional beam by beamforming technologies. In this paper, a tutorial on the beamforming technologies for THz UM-MIMO systems is provided. Specifically, we first present the system model of THz UM-MIMO and identify its channel parameters and architecture types. Then, we illustrate the basic principles of beamforming via UM-MIMO and introduce the schemes of beam training and beamspace MIMO for THz communications. Moreover, the spatial-wideband effect and frequency-wideband effect in the THz beamforming are discussed. The joint beamforming technologies in the intelligent-reflecting-surface (IRS)-assisted THz UM-MIMO systems are introduced. Further, we present the corresponding fabrication techniques and illuminate the emerging applications benefiting from THz beamforming. Open challenges and future research directions on THz UM-MIMO systems are finally highlighted.      
### 41.MagNI: A Magnetoelectrically Powered and Controlled Wireless Neurostimulating Implant  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02995.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first wireless and programmable neural stimulator leveraging magnetoelectric (ME) effects for power and data transfer. Thanks to low tissue absorption, low misalignment sensitivity and high power transfer efficiency, the ME effect enables safe delivery of high power levels (a few milliwatts) at low resonant frequencies (~250 kHz) to mm-sized implants deep inside the body (30-mm depth). The presented MagNI (Magnetoelectric Neural Implant) consists of a 1.5-mm$^2$ 180-nm CMOS chip, an in-house built 4x2 mm ME film, an energy storage capacitor, and on-board electrodes on a flexible polyimide substrate with a total volume of 8.2 mm$^3$ . The chip with a power consumption of 23.7 $\mu$W includes robust system control and data recovery mechanisms under source amplitude variations (1-V variation tolerance). The system delivers fully-programmable bi-phasic current-controlled stimulation with patterns covering 0.05-to-1.5-mA amplitude, 64-to-512-$\mu$s pulse width, and 0-to-200Hz repetition frequency for neurostimulation.      
### 42.Monitoring and Control System Development and Experimental Validation for a Novel Extrapulmonary Respiratory Support Setup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02902.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel mechatronic setup intended for providing respiratory support to patients suffering from pulmonary failure. The setup relies upon the circulation of an oxygenated perfluorocarbon (PFC) through the abdominal cavity. Such circulation provides a potential pathway for the transport of oxygen to the bloodstream. However, the viability of this technology for $CO_2$ clearance has not been established. Moreover, there is a lack of experimental data enabling the modeling and identification of the underlying dynamics of this technology. To address these gaps, we develop a flexible experimental perfusion setup capable of monitoring and controlling key variables such as perfusate flowrate, temperature, pressure, and oxygenation. The paper (i) briefly summarizes the design of this setup; (ii) highlights the degree to which its data acquisition system enables the collection and cross-correlation of both perfusion-related and physiological variables; and (iii) discusses the development of flow, pressure, and temperature control algorithms for the setup. Experiments with large animals (swine) show that the setup is capable of successfully controlling the perfusion process, as well as gathering extensive data to support subsequent modeling and identification studies.      
### 43.Capacity-Constrained Urban Air Mobility Scheduling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02900.pdf)
>  This paper studies the problem of scheduling urban air mobility trips when travel times are uncertain and capacity at destinations is limited. Urban air mobility, in which air transportation is used for relatively short trips within a city or region, is emerging as a possible component in future transportation networks. Destinations in urban air mobility networks, called vertiports or vertistops, typically have limited landing capacity, and, for safety, it must be guaranteed that an air vehicle will be able to land before it can be allowed to take off. We first present a tractable model of urban air mobility networks that accounts for limited landing capacity and uncertain travel times between destinations with lower and upper travel time bounds. We then establish theoretical bounds on the achievable throughput of the network. Next, we present a tractable algorithm for scheduling trips to satisfy safety constraints and arrival deadlines. The algorithm allows for dynamically updating the schedule to accommodate, e.g., new demands over time. The paper concludes with case studies that demonstrate the algorithm on two networks.      
### 44.Pairwise Comparison Evolutionary Dynamics with Strategy-Dependent Revision Rates: Stability and Delta-Passivity (Expanded Version)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.02835.pdf)
>  We report on new stability conditions for evolutionary dynamics in the context of population games. We adhere to the prevailing framework consisting of many agents, grouped into populations, that interact noncooperatively by selecting strategies with a favorable payoff. Each agent is repeatedly allowed to revise its strategy at a rate referred to as revision rate. Previous stability results considered either that the payoff mechanism was a memoryless potential game, or allowed for dynamics (in the payoff mechanism) at the expense of precluding any explicit dependence of the agents' revision rates on their current strategies. Allowing the dependence of revision rates on strategies is relevant because the agents' strategies at any point in time are generally unequal. To allow for strategy-dependent revision rates and payoff mechanisms that are dynamic (or memoryless games that are not potential), we focus on an evolutionary dynamics class obtained from a straightforward modification of one that stems from the so-called impartial pairwise comparison strategy revision protocol. Revision protocols consistent with the modified class retain from those in the original one the advantage that the agents operate in a fully decentralized manner and with minimal information requirements - they need to access only the payoff values (not the mechanism) of the available strategies. Our main results determine conditions under which system-theoretic passivity properties are assured, which we leverage for stability analysis.      
