# ArXiv eess --Mon, 19 Jul 2021
### 1.A Scenario-oriented Approach to Energy-Reserve Joint Procurement and Pricing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08014.pdf)
>  We consider some crucial problems related to the secure and reliable operation of power systems with high renewable penetrations: how much reserve should we procure, how should reserve resources distribute among different locations, and how should we price reserve and charge uncertainty sources. These issues have so far been largely addressed empirically. In this paper, we first develop a scenario-oriented energy-reserve co-optimization model, which directly connects reserve procurement with possible outages and load/renewable power fluctuations without the need for empirical reserve requirements. Accordingly, reserve can be optimally procured system-wide to handle all possible future uncertainties with the minimum expected system total cost. Based on the proposed model, marginal pricing approaches are developed for energy and reserve, respectively. Locational uniform pricing is established for energy, and the similar property is also established for the combination of reserve and re-dispatch. In addition, properties of cost recovery for generators and revenue adequacy for the system operator are also proven.      
### 2.Unpaired cross-modality educed distillation (CMEDL) applied to CT lung tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07985.pdf)
>  Accurate and robust segmentation of lung cancers from CTs is needed to more accurately plan and deliver radiotherapy and to measure treatment response. This is particularly difficult for tumors located close to mediastium, due to low soft-tissue contrast. Therefore, we developed a new cross-modality educed distillation (CMEDL) approach, using unpaired CT and MRI scans, whereby a teacher MRI network guides a student CT network to extract features that signal the difference between foreground and background. Our contribution eliminates two requirements of distillation methods: (i) paired image sets by using an image to image (I2I) translation and (ii) pre-training of the teacher network with a large training set by using concurrent training of all networks. Our framework uses an end-to-end trained unpaired I2I translation, teacher, and student segmentation networks. Our framework can be combined with any I2I and segmentation network. We demonstrate our framework's feasibility using 3 segmentation and 2 I2I methods. All networks were trained with 377 CT and 82 T2w MRI from different sets of patients. Ablation tests and different strategies for incorporating MRI information into CT were performed. Accuracy was measured using Dice similarity (DSC), surface Dice (sDSC), and Hausdorff distance at the 95$^{th}$ percentile (HD95). The CMEDL approach was significantly (p $&lt;$ 0.001) more accurate than non-CMEDL methods, quantitatively and visually. It produced the highest segmentation accuracy (sDSC of 0.83 $\pm$ 0.16 and HD95 of 5.20 $\pm$ 6.86mm). CMEDL was also more accurate than using either pMRI's or the combination of CT's with pMRI's for segmentation.      
### 3.Joint Semi-supervised 3D Super-Resolution and Segmentation with Mixed Adversarial Gaussian Domain Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07975.pdf)
>  Optimising the analysis of cardiac structure and function requires accurate 3D representations of shape and motion. However, techniques such as cardiac magnetic resonance imaging are conventionally limited to acquiring contiguous cross-sectional slices with low through-plane resolution and potential inter-slice spatial misalignment. Super-resolution in medical imaging aims to increase the resolution of images but is conventionally trained on features from low resolution datasets and does not super-resolve corresponding segmentations. Here we propose a semi-supervised multi-task generative adversarial network (Gemini-GAN) that performs joint super-resolution of the images and their labels using a ground truth of high resolution 3D cines and segmentations, while an unsupervised variational adversarial mixture autoencoder (V-AMA) is used for continuous domain adaptation. Our proposed approach is extensively evaluated on two transnational multi-ethnic populations of 1,331 and 205 adults respectively, delivering an improvement on state of the art methods in terms of Dice index, peak signal to noise ratio, and structural similarity index measure. This framework also exceeds the performance of state of the art generative domain adaptation models on external validation (Dice index 0.81 vs 0.74 for the left ventricle). This demonstrates how joint super-resolution and segmentation, trained on 3D ground-truth data with cross-domain generalization, enables robust precision phenotyping in diverse populations.      
### 4.$H_{\infty}$ Inverse Optimal Attitude Tracking on the Special Orthogonal Group $SO(3)$  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07960.pdf)
>  The problem of attitude tracking using rotation matrices is addressed using an approach which combines inverse optimality and $\mathcal{L}_{2}$ disturbance attenuation. Conditions are provided which solve the inverse optimal nonlinear $H_{\infty}$ control problem by minimizing a meaningful cost function. The approach guarantees that the energy gain from an exogenous disturbance to a specified error signal respects a given upper bound. For numerical simulations, a simple problem setup from literature is considered and results demonstrate competitive performance.      
### 5.Lightness Modulated Deep Inverse Tone Mapping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07907.pdf)
>  Single-image HDR reconstruction or inverse tone mapping (iTM) is a challenging task. In particular, recovering information in over-exposed regions is extremely difficult because details in such regions are almost completely lost. In this paper, we present a deep learning based iTM method that takes advantage of the feature extraction and mapping power of deep convolutional neural networks (CNNs) and uses a lightness prior to modulate the CNN to better exploit observations in the surrounding areas of the over-exposed regions to enhance the quality of HDR image reconstruction. Specifically, we introduce a Hierarchical Synthesis Network (HiSN) for inferring a HDR image from a LDR input and a Lightness Adpative Modulation Network (LAMN) to incorporate the the lightness prior knowledge in the inferring process. The HiSN hierarchically synthesizes the high-brightness component and the low-brightness component of the HDR image whilst the LAMN uses a lightness adaptive mask that separates detail-less saturated bright pixels from well-exposed lower light pixels to enable HiSN to better infer the missing information, particularly in the difficult over-exposed detail-less areas. We present experimental results to demonstrate the effectiveness of the new technique based on quantitative measures and visual comparisons. In addition, we present ablation studies of HiSN and visualization of the activation maps inside LAMN to help gain a deeper understanding of the internal working of the new iTM algorithm and explain why it can achieve much improved performance over state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 6.Performance Assessment of Linear Models of Hydropower Plants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07895.pdf)
>  This paper discusses linearized models of hydropower plants (HPPs). First, it reviews state-of-the-art models and discusses their non-linearities, then it proposes suitable linearization strategies for the plant head, discharge, and turbine torque. It is shown that neglecting the dependency of the hydroacoustic resistance on the discharge leads to a linear formulation of the hydraulic circuits model. For the turbine, a numerical linearization based on a first-order Taylor expansion is proposed. Model performance is evaluated for a medium- and a low-head HPP with a Francis and Kaplan turbine, respectively. Perspective applications of these linear models are in the context of efficient model predictive control of HPPs based on convex optimization.      
### 7.Metasurface-Enabled On-Chip Multiplexed Diffractive Neural Networks in the Visible  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07873.pdf)
>  Replacing electrons with photons is a compelling route towards light-speed, highly parallel, and low-power artificial intelligence computing. Recently, all-optical diffractive neural deep neural networks have been demonstrated. However, the existing architectures often comprise bulky components and, most critically, they cannot mimic the human brain for multitasking. Here, we demonstrate a multi-skilled diffractive neural network based on a metasurface device, which can perform on-chip multi-channel sensing and multitasking at the speed of light in the visible. The metasurface is integrated with a complementary metal oxide semiconductor imaging sensor. Polarization multiplexing scheme of the subwavelength nanostructures are applied to construct a multi-channel classifier framework for simultaneous recognition of digital and fashionable items. The areal density of the artificial neurons can reach up to 6.25x106/mm2 multiplied by the number of channels. Our platform provides an integrated solution with all-optical on-chip sensing and computing for applications in machine vision, autonomous driving, and precision medicine.      
### 8.Turbulence-immune computational ghost imaging based on a multi-scale generative adversarial network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07870.pdf)
>  There is a consensus that turbulence-free images cannot be obtained by conventional computational ghost imaging (CGI) because the CGI is only a classic simulation, which does not satisfy the conditions of turbulence-free imaging. In this article, we first report a turbulence-immune CGI method based on a multi-scale generative adversarial network (MsGAN). Here, the conventional CGI framework is not changed, but the conventional CGI coincidence measurement algorithm is optimized by an MsGAN. Thus, the satisfactory turbulence-free ghost image can be reconstructed by training the network, and the visual effect can be significantly improved.      
### 9.Avoiding normalization uncertainties in deep learning architectures for end-to-end communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07868.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning is considered to optimize the end-to-end performance of digital communication systems. The promise of learning a digital communication scheme from data is attractive, since this makes the scheme adaptable and precisely tunable to many scenarios and channel models. In this paper, we analyse a widely used neural network architecture and show that the training of the end-to-end architecture suffers from normalization errors introduced by an average power constraint. To solve this issue, we propose a modified architecture: shifting the batch slicing after the normalization layer. This approach meets the normalization constraints better, especially in the case of small batch sizes. Finally, we experimentally demonstrate that our modified architecture leads to significantly improved performance of trained models, even for large batch sizes where normalization constraints are more easily met.      
### 10.A DoE-based approach for the implementation of structural surrogate models in the early stage design of box-wing aircraft  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07865.pdf)
>  One of the possible ways to face the challenge of reducing the environmental impact of aviation, without limiting the growth of air transport, is the introduction of more efficient, radically different aircraft architectures. Among these, the box-wing one represents a promising solution, at least in the case of its application to short-to-medium haul aircraft, which, according to the achievement of the H2020 project "PARSIFAL", would bring to a 20% reduction in terms of emitted CO2 per passenger-kilometre. The present paper faces the problem of estimating the structural mass of such a disruptive configuration in the early stages of the design, underlining the limitations in this capability of the approaches available by literature and proposing a DoE-based approach to define surrogate models suitable for such purpose. A test case from the project "PARSIFAL" is used for the first conception of the approach, starting from the Finite Element Model parametrization, then followed by the construction of a database of FEM results, hence introducing the regression models and implementing them in an optimization framework. Results achieved are investigated in order to validate both the wing sizing and the optimization procedure. Finally, an additional test case resulting from the application of the box-wing layout to the regional aircraft category within the Italian research project "PROSIB", is briefly presented to further assess the capabilities of the proposed approach.      
### 11.Deep Learning Based Hybrid Precoding in Dual-Band Communication Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07843.pdf)
>  We propose a deep learning-based method that uses spatial and temporal information extracted from the sub-6GHz band to predict/track beams in the millimeter-wave (mmWave) band. In more detail, we consider a dual-band communication system operating in both the sub-6GHz and mmWave bands. The objective is to maximize the achievable mutual information in the mmWave band with a hybrid analog/digital architecture where analog precoders (RF precoders) are taken from a finite codebook. Finding a RF precoder using conventional search methods incurs large signalling overhead, and the signalling scales with the number of RF chains and the resolution of the phase shifters. To overcome the issue of large signalling overhead in the mmWave band, the proposed method exploits the spatiotemporal correlation between sub-6GHz and mmWave bands, and it predicts/tracks the RF precoders in the mmWave band from sub-6GHz channel measurements. The proposed method provides a smaller candidate set so that performing a search over that set significantly reduces the signalling overhead compared with conventional search heuristics. Simulations show that the proposed method can provide reasonable achievable rates while significantly reducing the signalling overhead.      
### 12.Physics-augmented models to simulate commercial adaptive cruise control (ACC) systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07832.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the accuracy and robustness of car-following (CF) and adaptive cruise control (ACC) models used to simulate measured driving behaviour of commercial ACCs. To this aim, a general modelling framework is proposed, in which ACC and CF models have been incrementally augmented with physics extensions; namely, perception delay, linear or nonlinear vehicle dynamics, and acceleration constraints. The framework has been applied to the Intelligent Driver Model (IDM), the Gipps model, and to three basic ACCs. These are a linear controller coupled with a constant time-headway spacing policy and with two other policies derived from the traffic flow theory, which are the IDM desired-distance function and the Gipps equilibrium distance-speed function. The ninety models resulting from the combination of the five base models and the aforementioned physics extensions, have been assessed and compared through a vast calibration and validation experiment against measured trajectory data of low-level automated vehicles. When a single extension has been applied, perception delay and linear dynamics have been the extensions to mostly increase modelling accuracy, whatsoever the base model considered. Concerning models, Gipps-based ones have outperformed all other CF and ACC models in calibration. Even among ACCs, the linear controllers coupled with a Gipps spacing policy have been the best performing. On the other hand, IDM-based models have been by far the most robust in validation, showing almost no crash when calibrated parameters have been used to simulate different trajectories. Overall, the paper shows the importance of cross-fertilization between traffic flow and vehicle studies.      
### 13.Distributed Value of Information in Feedback Control over Multi-hop Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07822.pdf)
>  Recent works in the domain of networked control systems have demonstrated that the joint design of medium access control strategies and control strategies for the closed-loop system is beneficial. However, several metrics introduced so far fail in either appropriately representing the network requirements or in capturing how valuable the data is. In this paper we propose a distributed value of information (dVoI) metric for the joint design of control and schedulers for medium access in a multi-loop system and multi-hop network. We start by providing conditions under certainty equivalent controller is optimal. Then we reformulate the joint control and communication problem as a Bellman-like equation. The corresponding dynamic programming problem is solved in a distributed fashion by the proposed VoI-based scheduling policies for the multi-loop multi-hop networked control system, which outperforms the well-known time-triggered periodic sampling policies. Additionally we show that the dVoI-based scheduling policies are independent of each other, both loop-wise and hop-wise. At last, we illustrate the results with a numerical example.      
### 14.Reinforcement Learning for Optimal Stationary Control of Linear Stochastic Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07788.pdf)
>  This paper studies the optimal stationary control of continuous-time linear stochastic systems with both additive and multiplicative noises, using reinforcement learning techniques. Based on policy iteration, a novel off-policy reinforcement learning algorithm, named optimistic least-squares-based policy iteration, is proposed which is able to iteratively find near-optimal policies of the optimal stationary control problem directly from input/state data without explicitly identifying any system matrices, starting from an initial admissible control policy. The solutions given by the proposed optimistic least-squares-based policy iteration are proved to converge to a small neighborhood of the optimal solution with probability one, under mild conditions. The application of the proposed algorithm to a triple inverted pendulum example validates its feasibility and effectiveness.      
### 15.Band &amp; Tone Jamming Analysis and Detection on LoRa signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07782.pdf)
>  This paper examines the effect of Band Jamming (BJ) and Tone Jamming (TJ) on LoRa signals in a flat Additive White Gaussian Noise (AWGN) channel. In this scenario, LoRa proves to have good resiliency against these jamming attacks. Furthermore, a simple and lightweight BJ and TJ jammer detection scheme is derived. Theoretical and simulation results show good detection capability, especially with Single Tone Jamming (STJ).      
### 16.Coordinating Flexible Demand Response and Renewable Uncertainties for Scheduling of Community Integrated Energy Systems with an Electric Vehicle Charging Station: A Bi-level Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07772.pdf)
>  A community integrated energy system (CIES) with an electric vehicle charging station (EVCS) provides a new way for tackling growing concerns of energy efficiency and environmental pollution, it is a critical task to coordinate flexible demand response and multiple renewable uncertainties. To this end, a novel bi-level optimal dispatching model for the CIES with an EVCS in multi-stakeholder scenarios is established in this paper. In this model, an integrated demand response program is designed to promote a balance between energy supply and demand while maintaining a user comprehensive satisfaction within an acceptable range. To further tap the potential of demand response through flexibly guiding users' energy consumption and electric vehicles' behaviors (charging, discharging and providing spinning reserves), a dynamic pricing mechanism combining time-of-use and real-time pricing is put forward. In the solution phase, by using sequence operation theory (SOT), the original chance-constrained programming (CCP) model is converted into a readily solvable mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) formulation and finally solved by CPLEX solver. The simulation results on a practical CIES located in North China demonstrate that the presented method manages to balance the interests between CIES and EVCS via the coordination of flexible demand response and uncertain renewables.      
### 17.Exploiting generative self-supervised learning for the assessment of biological images with lack of annotations: a COVID-19 case-study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07761.pdf)
>  Computer-aided analysis of biological images typically requires extensive training on large-scale annotated datasets, which is not viable in many situations. In this paper we present GAN-DL, a Discriminator Learner based on the StyleGAN2 architecture, which we employ for self-supervised image representation learning in the case of fluorescent biological images. We show that Wasserstein Generative Adversarial Networks combined with linear Support Vector Machines enable high-throughput compound screening based on raw images. We demonstrate this by classifying active and inactive compounds tested for the inhibition of SARS-CoV-2 infection in VERO and HRCE cell lines. In contrast to previous methods, our deep learning based approach does not require any annotation besides the one that is normally collected during the sample preparation process. We test our technique on the RxRx19a Sars-CoV-2 image collection. The dataset consists of fluorescent images that were generated to assess the ability of regulatory-approved or in late-stage clinical trials compound to modulate the in vitro infection from SARS-CoV-2 in both VERO and HRCE cell lines. We show that our technique can be exploited not only for classification tasks, but also to effectively derive a dose response curve for the tested treatments, in a self-supervised manner. Lastly, we demonstrate its generalization capabilities by successfully addressing a zero-shot learning task, consisting in the categorization of four different cell types of the RxRx1 fluorescent images collection.      
### 18.NeXtQSM -- A complete deep learning pipeline for data-consistent quantitative susceptibility mapping trained with hybrid data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07752.pdf)
>  Deep learning based Quantitative Susceptibility Mapping (QSM) has shown great potential in recent years, outperforming traditional non-learning approaches in speed and accuracy. However, many of the current deep learning approaches are not data consistent, require in vivo training data or do not solve all steps of the QSM processing pipeline. Here we aim to overcome these limitations and developed a framework to solve the QSM processing steps jointly. We developed a new hybrid training data generation method that enables the end-to-end training for solving background field correction and dipole inversion in a data-consistent fashion using a variational network that combines the QSM model term and a learned regularizer. We demonstrate that NeXtQSM overcomes the limitations of previous model-agnostic deep learning methods and show that NeXtQSM offers a complete deep learning based pipeline for computing robust, fast and accurate quantitative susceptibility maps.      
### 19.Towards Multi-Functional 6G Wireless Networks: Integrating Sensing, Communication and Security  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07735.pdf)
>  Integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) has recently emerged as a candidate 6G technology, aiming to unify the two key operations of the future network in spectrum/energy/cost efficient way. ISAC involves communicating information to receivers and simultaneously sensing targets, while both operations use the same waveforms, the same transmitter and ultimately the same network infrastructure. Nevertheless, the inclusion of information signalling into the probing waveform for target sensing raises unique and difficult challenges from the perspective of information security. At the same time, the sensing capability incorporated in the ISAC transmission offers unique opportunities to design secure ISAC techniques. This overview paper discusses these unique challenges and opportunities for the next generation of ISAC networks. We first briefly discuss the fundamentals of waveform design for sensing and communication. Then, we detail the challenges and contradictory objectives involved in securing ISAC transmission, along with state-of-the-art approaches to address them. We then identify the new opportunity of using the sensing capability to obtain knowledge of the targets, as an enabling approach against known weaknesses of PHY security. Finally, we illustrate a low-cost secure ISAC architecture, followed by a series of open research topics. This family of sensing-aided secure ISAC techniques brings a new insight on providing information security, with an eye on robust and hardware-constrained designs tailored for low-cost ISAC devices.      
### 20.Cooperative Multi-Modal Localization in Connected and Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07716.pdf)
>  Cooperative Localization is expected to play a crucial role in various applications in the field of Connected and Autonomous vehicles (CAVs). Future 5G wireless systems are expected to enable cost-effective Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X)systems, allowing CAVs to share with the other entities of the network the data they collect and measure. Typical measurement models usually deployed for this problem, are absolute position from Global Positioning System (GPS), relative distance and azimuth angle to neighbouring vehicles, extracted from Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR) or Radio Detection and Ranging(RADAR) sensors. In this paper, we provide a cooperative localization approach that performs multi modal-fusion between the interconnected vehicles, by representing a fleet of connected cars as an undirected graph, encoding each vehicle position relative to its neighbouring vehicles. This method is based on:i) the Laplacian Processing, a Graph Signal Processing tool that allows to capture intrinsic geometry of the undirected graph of vehicles rather than their absolute position on global coordinate system and ii) the temporal coherence due to motion patterns of the moving vehicles.      
### 21.Retention time trajectory matching for target compound peak identification in chromatographic analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07658.pdf)
>  Retention time drift caused by fluctuations in physical factors such as temperature ramping rate and carrier gas flow rate is ubiquitous in chromatographic measurements. Proper peak identification and alignment across different chromatograms is critical prior to any subsequent analysis. This work introduces a peak identification method called retention time trajectory (RTT) matching, which uses chromatographic retention times as the only input and identifies peaks associated with any subset of a predefined set of target compounds. RTT matching is also capable of reporting interferents. An RTT is a 2-dimensional (2D) curve formed uniquely by the retention times of the chromatographic peaks. The RTTs obtained from the chromatogram of a test sample and of pre-characterized library are matched and statistically compared. The best matched pair implies identification. Unlike most existing peak alignment methods, no mathematical warping or transformations are involved. Based on the experimentally characterized RTT, an RTT hybridization method is developed to rapidly generate more RTTs without performing actual time-consuming chromatographic measurements. This enables successful identification even for chromatograms with serious retention time drift. Experimentally obtained gas chromatograms and publicly available fruit metabolomics liquid chromatograms are used to generate over two trillions of tests that validate the proposed method, demonstrating real-time peak/interferent identification.      
### 22.A Preliminary Study on Automatic Motion Artifacts Detection in Electrodermal Activity Data Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07650.pdf)
>  The electrodermal activity (EDA) signal is a sensitive and non-invasive surrogate measure of sympathetic function. Use of EDA has increased in popularity in recent years for such applications as emotion and stress recognition; assessment of pain, fatigue, and sleepiness; diagnosis of depression and epilepsy; and other uses. Recently, there have been several studies using ambulatory EDA recordings, which are often quite useful for analysis of many physiological conditions. Because ambulatory monitoring uses wearable devices, EDA signals are often affected by noise and motion artifacts. An automated noise and motion artifact detection algorithm is therefore of utmost importance for accurate analysis and evaluation of EDA signals. In this paper, we present machine learning-based algorithms for motion artifact detection in EDA signals. With ten subjects, we collected two simultaneous EDA signals from the right and left hands, while instructing the subjects to move only the right hand. Using these data, we proposed a cross-correlation-based approach for non-biased labeling of EDA data segments. A set of statistical, spectral and model-based features were calculated which were then subjected to a feature selection algorithm. Finally, we trained and validated several machine learning methods using a leave-one-subject-out approach. The classification accuracy of the developed model was 83.85% with a standard deviation of 4.91%, which was better than a recent standard method that we considered for comparison to our algorithm.      
### 23.Multi-task Learning with Cross Attention for Keyword Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07634.pdf)
>  Keyword spotting (KWS) is an important technique for speech applications, which enables users to activate devices by speaking a keyword phrase. Although a phoneme classifier can be used for KWS, exploiting a large amount of transcribed data for automatic speech recognition (ASR), there is a mismatch between the training criterion (phoneme recognition) and the target task (KWS). Recently, multi-task learning has been applied to KWS to exploit both ASR and KWS training data. In this approach, an output of an acoustic model is split into two branches for the two tasks, one for phoneme transcription trained with the ASR data and one for keyword classification trained with the KWS data. In this paper, we introduce a cross attention decoder in the multi-task learning framework. Unlike the conventional multi-task learning approach with the simple split of the output layer, the cross attention decoder summarizes information from a phonetic encoder by performing cross attention between the encoder outputs and a trainable query sequence to predict a confidence score for the KWS task. Experimental results on KWS tasks show that the proposed approach outperformed the conventional multi-task learning with split branches and a bi-directional long short-team memory decoder by 12% on average.      
### 24.Depth Estimation from Monocular Images and Sparse radar using Deep Ordinal Regression Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07596.pdf)
>  We integrate sparse radar data into a monocular depth estimation model and introduce a novel preprocessing method for reducing the sparseness and limited field of view provided by radar. We explore the intrinsic error of different radar modalities and show our proposed method results in more data points with reduced error. We further propose a novel method for estimating dense depth maps from monocular 2D images and sparse radar measurements using deep learning based on the deep ordinal regression network by Fu et al. Radar data are integrated by first converting the sparse 2D points to a height-extended 3D measurement and then including it into the network using a late fusion approach. Experiments are conducted on the nuScenes dataset. Our experiments demonstrate state-of-the-art performance in both day and night scenes.      
### 25.Resource Allocation in a Quantum Key Distribution Network with LEO and GEO trusted-repeaters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07595.pdf)
>  Quantum Key Distribution~(QKD) is a technology that enables the exchange of private encryption keys between two legitimate parties, using protocols that involve quantum mechanics principles. The rate at which secret keys can be exchanged depends on the attenuation that is experienced. Therefore, it is more convenient to replace many terrestrial fiber segments (and repeaters) by just few optical satellite links that would enable flexible global coverage. Then, the satellite nodes can take the role of trusted-relays, forwarding the secret keys from source to destination. However, since the rate at which secret keys can be generated in each quantum link is limited, it is very important to select the intermediate satellite nodes to inter-connect ground stations efficiently. This paper studies the most convenient allocation of resources in a QKD network that combines complementary connectivity services of GEO and LEO satellites. The aim of the centralized routing algorithm is to select the most convenient trusted-relays to forward the secret keys between pairs of ground stations, verifying the constraints that satellite-to-ground and inter-satellite quantum channels have.      
### 26.Continual Learning for Automated Audio Captioning Using The Learning Without Forgetting Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08028.pdf)
>  Automated audio captioning (AAC) is the task of automatically creating textual descriptions (i.e. captions) for the contents of a general audio signal. Most AAC methods are using existing datasets to optimize and/or evaluate upon. Given the limited information held by the AAC datasets, it is very likely that AAC methods learn only the information contained in the utilized datasets. In this paper we present a first approach for continuously adapting an AAC method to new information, using a continual learning method. In our scenario, a pre-optimized AAC method is used for some unseen general audio signals and can update its parameters in order to adapt to the new information, given a new reference caption. We evaluate our method using a freely available, pre-optimized AAC method and two freely available AAC datasets. We compare our proposed method with three scenarios, two of training on one of the datasets and evaluating on the other and a third of training on one dataset and fine-tuning on the other. Obtained results show that our method achieves a good balance between distilling new knowledge and not forgetting the previous one.      
### 27.Geometric Optimal Controls for Flapping Wing UAV on a Lie Group  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.08008.pdf)
>  Inspired by flight characteristics captured from live Monarch butterflies, an optimal control problem is presented while accounting the effects of low-frequency flapping and abdomen undulation. A flapping-wing aerial vehicle is modeled as an articulated rigid body, and its dynamics are developed according to Lagrangian mechanics on an abstract Lie group. This provides an elegant, global formulation of the dynamics for flapping-wing aerial vehicles, avoiding complexities and singularities associated with local coordinates. This is utilized to identify an optimal periodic motion that minimizes energy variations, and an optimal control is formulated to stabilize the periodic motion. Furthermore, the outcome of this paper can be applied to optimal control for any Lagrangian system on a Lie group with a configuration-dependent inertia.      
### 28.Controlled AutoEncoders to Generate Faces from Voices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07988.pdf)
>  Multiple studies in the past have shown that there is a strong correlation between human vocal characteristics and facial features. However, existing approaches generate faces simply from voice, without exploring the set of features that contribute to these observed correlations. A computational methodology to explore this can be devised by rephrasing the question to: "how much would a target face have to change in order to be perceived as the originator of a source voice?" With this in perspective, we propose a framework to morph a target face in response to a given voice in a way that facial features are implicitly guided by learned voice-face correlation in this paper. Our framework includes a guided autoencoder that converts one face to another, controlled by a unique model-conditioning component called a gating controller which modifies the reconstructed face based on input voice recordings. We evaluate the framework on VoxCelab and VGGFace datasets through human subjects and face retrieval. Various experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed model.      
### 29.In-Bed Person Monitoring Using Thermal Infrared Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07986.pdf)
>  The world is expecting an aging population and shortage of healthcare professionals. This poses the problem of providing a safe and dignified life for the elderly. Technological solutions involving cameras can contribute to safety, comfort and efficient emergency responses, but they are invasive of privacy. We use 'Griddy', a prototype with a Panasonic Grid-EYE, a low-resolution infrared thermopile array sensor, which offers more privacy. Mounted over a bed, it can determine if the user is on the bed or not without human interaction. For this purpose, two datasets were captured, one (480 images) under constant conditions, and a second one (200 images) under different variations such as use of a duvet, sleeping with a pet, or increased room temperature. We test three machine learning algorithms: Support Vector Machines (SVM), k-Nearest Neighbors (k-NN) and Neural Network (NN). With 10-fold cross validation, the highest accuracy in the main dataset is for both SVM and k-NN (99%). The results with variable data show a lower reliability under certain circumstances, highlighting the need of extra work to meet the challenge of variations in the environment.      
### 30.A Multimodal Machine Learning Framework for Teacher Vocal Delivery Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07956.pdf)
>  The quality of vocal delivery is one of the key indicators for evaluating teacher enthusiasm, which has been widely accepted to be connected to the overall course qualities. However, existing evaluation for vocal delivery is mainly conducted with manual ratings, which faces two core challenges: subjectivity and time-consuming. In this paper, we present a novel machine learning approach that utilizes pairwise comparisons and a multimodal orthogonal fusing algorithm to generate large-scale objective evaluation results of the teacher vocal delivery in terms of fluency and passion. We collect two datasets from real-world education scenarios and the experiment results demonstrate the effectiveness of our algorithm. To encourage reproducible results, we make our code public available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/tal-ai/ML4VocalDelivery.git" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 31.Painting Style-Aware Manga Colorization Based on Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07943.pdf)
>  Japanese comics (called manga) are traditionally created in monochrome format. In recent years, in addition to monochrome comics, full color comics, a more attractive medium, have appeared. Unfortunately, color comics require manual colorization, which incurs high labor costs. Although automatic colorization methods have been recently proposed, most of them are designed for illustrations, not for comics. Unlike illustrations, since comics are composed of many consecutive images, the painting style must be consistent. To realize consistent colorization, we propose here a semi-automatic colorization method based on generative adversarial networks (GAN); the method learns the painting style of a specific comic from small amount of training data. The proposed method takes a pair of a screen tone image and a flat colored image as input, and outputs a colorized image. Experiments show that the proposed method achieves better performance than the existing alternatives.      
### 32.Ergodic Rate Analysis of Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface-Aided Massive MIMO Systems with ZF Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07925.pdf)
>  This letter investigates the reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems with a two-timescale design. First, the zero-forcing (ZF) detector is applied at the base station (BS) based on instantaneous aggregated CSI, which is the superposition of the direct channel and the cascaded user-RIS-BS channel. Then, by leveraging the channel statistical property, we derive the closed-form ergodic achievable rate expression. Using a gradient ascent method, we design the RIS passive beamforming only relying on the long-term statistical CSI. We prove that the ergodic rate can reap the gains on the order of $\mathcal{O}\left(\log_{2}\left(MN\right)\right)$, where $M$ and $N$ denote the number of BS antennas and RIS elements, respectively. We also prove the striking superiority of the considered RIS-aided system with ZF detectors over the RIS-free systems and RIS-aided systems with maximum-ratio combining (MRC).      
### 33.Nearest neighbor Methods and their Applications in Design of 5G &amp; Beyond Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07869.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an overview of Nearest neighbor (NN) methods, which are frequently employed for solving classification problems using supervised learning. The article concisely introduces the theoretical background, algorithmic, and implementation aspects along with the key applications. From an application standpoint, this article explores the challenges related to the 5G and beyond wireless networks which can be solved using NN classification techniques.      
### 34.Deep Learning Beam Optimization in Millimeter-Wave Communication Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07846.pdf)
>  We propose a method that combines fixed point algorithms with a neural network to optimize jointly discrete and continuous variables in millimeter-wave communication systems, so that the users' rates are allocated fairly in a well-defined sense. In more detail, the discrete variables include user-access point assignments and the beam configurations, while the continuous variables refer to the power allocation. The beam configuration is predicted from user-related information using a neural network. Given the predicted beam configuration, a fixed point algorithm allocates power and assigns users to access points so that the users achieve the maximum fraction of their interference-free rates. The proposed method predicts the beam configuration in a "one-shot" manner, which significantly reduces the complexity of the beam search procedure. Moreover, even if the predicted beam configurations are not optimal, the fixed point algorithm still provides the optimal power allocation and user-access point assignments for the given beam configuration.      
### 35.Efficient automated U-Net based tree crown delineation using UAV multi-spectral imagery on embedded devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07826.pdf)
>  Delineation approaches provide significant benefits to various domains, including agriculture, environmental and natural disasters monitoring. Most of the work in the literature utilize traditional segmentation methods that require a large amount of computational and storage resources. Deep learning has transformed computer vision and dramatically improved machine translation, though it requires massive dataset for training and significant resources for inference. More importantly, energy-efficient embedded vision hardware delivering real-time and robust performance is crucial in the aforementioned application. In this work, we propose a U-Net based tree delineation method, which is effectively trained using multi-spectral imagery but can then delineate single-spectrum images. The deep architecture that also performs localization, i.e., a class label corresponds to each pixel, has been successfully used to allow training with a small set of segmented images. The ground truth data were generated using traditional image denoising and segmentation approaches. To be able to execute the proposed DNN efficiently in embedded platforms designed for deep learning approaches, we employ traditional model compression and acceleration methods. Extensive evaluation studies using data collected from UAVs equipped with multi-spectral cameras demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed methods in terms of delineation accuracy and execution efficiency.      
### 36.Wasserstein Distances, Geodesics and Barycenters of Merge Trees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07789.pdf)
>  This paper presents a unified computational framework for the estimation of distances, geodesics and barycenters of merge trees. We extend recent work on the edit distance [106] and introduce a new metric, called the Wasserstein distance between merge trees, which is purposely designed to enable efficient computations of geodesics and barycenters. Specifically, our new distance is strictly equivalent to the L2-Wasserstein distance between extremum persistence diagrams, but it is restricted to a smaller solution space, namely, the space of rooted partial isomorphisms between branch decomposition trees. This enables a simple extension of existing optimization frameworks [112] for geodesics and barycenters from persistence diagrams to merge trees. We introduce a task-based algorithm which can be generically applied to distance, geodesic, barycenter or cluster computation. The task-based nature of our approach enables further accelerations with shared-memory parallelism. Extensive experiments on public ensembles and SciVis contest benchmarks demonstrate the efficiency of our approach -- with barycenter computations in the orders of minutes for the largest examples -- as well as its qualitative ability to generate representative barycenter merge trees, visually summarizing the features of interest found in the ensemble. We show the utility of our contributions with dedicated visualization applications: feature tracking, temporal reduction and ensemble clustering. We provide a lightweight C++ implementation that can be used to reproduce our results.      
### 37.Privacy-preserving Spatiotemporal Scenario Generation of Renewable Energies: A Federated Deep Generative Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07738.pdf)
>  Scenario generation is a fundamental and crucial tool for decision-making in power systems with high-penetration renewables. Based on big historical data, a novel federated deep generative learning framework, called Fed-LSGAN, is proposed by integrating federated learning and least square generative adversarial networks (LSGANs) for renewable scenario generation. Specifically, federated learning learns a shared global model in a central server from renewable sites at network edges, which enables the Fed-LSGAN to generate scenarios in a privacy-preserving manner without sacrificing the generation quality by transferring model parameters, rather than all data. Meanwhile, the LSGANs-based deep generative model generates scenarios that conform to the distribution of historical data through fully capturing the spatial-temporal characteristics of renewable powers, which leverages the least squares loss function to improve the training stability and generation quality. The simulation results demonstrate that the proposal manages to generate high-quality renewable scenarios and outperforms the state-of-the-art centralized methods. Besides, an experiment with different federated learning settings is designed and conducted to verify the robustness of our method.      
### 38.A Fluctuating Line-of-Sight Fading Model with Double-Rayleigh Diffuse Scattering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07734.pdf)
>  We introduce the fdRLoS fading model as a natural generalization of the double-Rayleigh with line-of-sight fading model, on which the constant-amplitude line-of-sight component is now allowed to randomly fluctuate. We discuss the key benefits of the fdRLoS fading model here formulated over the state of the art, and provide an analytical characterization of its chief probability functions. We analyze the effect of the fading parameters that define the model, and discuss their impact on the performance of wireless communication systems.      
### 39.Recognizing bird species in diverse soundscapes under weak supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07728.pdf)
>  We present a robust classification approach for avian vocalization in complex and diverse soundscapes, achieving second place in the BirdCLEF2021 challenge. We illustrate how to make full use of pre-trained convolutional neural networks, by using an efficient modeling and training routine supplemented by novel augmentation methods. Thereby, we improve the generalization of weakly labeled crowd-sourced data to productive data collected by autonomous recording units. As such, we illustrate how to progress towards an accurate automated assessment of avian population which would enable global biodiversity monitoring at scale, impossible by manual annotation.      
### 40.Hybrid Analog and Digital Beamforming Design for Channel Estimation in Correlated Massive MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07622.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the channel estimation problem in correlated massive multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) systems with a reduced number of radio-frequency (RF) chains. Importantly, other than the knowledge of channel correlation matrices, we make no assumption as to the structure of the channel. To address the limitation in the number of RF chains, we employ hybrid beamforming, comprising a low dimensional digital beamformer followed by an analog beamformer implemented using phase shifters. Since there is no dedicated RF chain per transmitter/receiver antenna, the conventional channel estimation techniques for fully-digital systems are impractical. By exploiting the fact that the channel entries are uncorrelated in its eigen-domain, we seek to estimate the channel entries in this domain. Due to the limited number of RF chains, channel estimation is typically performed in multiple time slots. Under a total energy budget, we aim to design the hybrid transmit beamformer (precoder) and the receive beamformer (combiner) in each training time slot, in order to estimate the channel using the minimum mean squared error criterion. To this end, we choose the precoder and combiner in each time slot such that they are aligned to transmitter and receiver eigen-directions, respectively. Further, we derive a water-filling-type expression for the optimal energy allocation at each time slot. This expression illustrates that, with a low training energy budget, only significant components of the channel need to be estimated. In contrast, with a large training energy budget, the energy is almost equally distributed among all eigen-directions. Simulation results show that the proposed channel estimation scheme can efficiently estimate correlated massive MIMO channels within a few training time slots.      
### 41.Hyperuniform scalar random fields for lensless, multispectral imaging systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07592.pdf)
>  We propose a novel framework for the systematic design of lensless imaging systems based on the hyperuniform random field solutions of nonlinear reaction-diffusion equations from pattern formation theory. Specifically, we introduce a new class of imaging point-spread-functions (PSFs) with enhanced isotropic behavior and controllable sparsity. We investigate the PSFs and the modulated transfer functions (MTFs) for a number of nonlinear models and demonstrate that two-phase isotropic random fields with hyperuniform disorder are ideally suited to construct imaging PSFs with improved performances compared to PSFs based on the Perlin noise. Additionally, we introduce a phase retrieval algorithm based on the non-paraxial Rayleigh-Sommerfeld diffraction theory and introduce diffractive phase plates with PSFs designed from hyperuniform random fields, called hyperuniform phase plates (HPPs). Finally, using high-fidelity object reconstruction, we demonstrate improved image quality using engineered HPPs across the visible range. The proposed framework is suitable for high-performance lensless imaging systems for on-chip microscopy and spectroscopy applications.      
### 42.Real-Time Face Recognition System for Remote Employee Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.07576.pdf)
>  During the COVID-19 pandemic, most of the human-to-human interactions have been stopped. To mitigate the spread of deadly coronavirus, many offices took the initiative so that the employees can work from home. But, tracking the employees and finding out if they are really performing what they were supposed to turn out to be a serious challenge for all the companies and organizations who are facilitating "Work From Home". To deal with the challenge effectively, we came up with a solution to track the employees with face recognition. We have been testing this system experimentally for our office. To train the face recognition module, we used FaceNet with KNN using the Labeled Faces in the Wild (LFW) dataset and achieved 97.8% accuracy. We integrated the trained model into our central system, where the employees log their time. In this paper, we discuss in brief the system we have been experimenting with and the pros and cons of the system.      
