# ArXiv eess --Thu, 15 Jul 2021
### 1.Meta-Optimization of Deep CNN for Image Denoising Using LSTM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06845.pdf)
>  The recent application of deep learning (DL) to various tasks has seen the performance of classical techniques surpassed by their DL-based counterparts. As a result, DL has equally seen application in the removal of noise from images. In particular, the use of deep feed-forward convolutional neural networks (DnCNNs) has been investigated for denoising. It utilizes advances in DL techniques such as deep architecture, residual learning, and batch normalization to achieve better denoising performance when compared with the other classical state-of-the-art denoising algorithms. However, its deep architecture resulted in a huge set of trainable parameters. Meta-optimization is a training approach of enabling algorithms to learn to train themselves by themselves. Training algorithms using meta-optimizers have been shown to enable algorithms to achieve better performance when compared to the classical gradient descent-based training approach. In this work, we investigate the application of the meta-optimization training approach to the DnCNN denoising algorithm to enhance its denoising capability. Our preliminary experiments on simpler algorithms reveal the prospects of utilizing the meta-optimization training approach towards the enhancement of the DnCNN denoising capability.      
### 2.RCDNet: An Interpretable Rain Convolutional Dictionary Network for Single Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06808.pdf)
>  As a common weather, rain streaks adversely degrade the image quality. Hence, removing rains from an image has become an important issue in the field. To handle such an ill-posed single image deraining task, in this paper, we specifically build a novel deep architecture, called rain convolutional dictionary network (RCDNet), which embeds the intrinsic priors of rain streaks and has clear interpretability. In specific, we first establish a RCD model for representing rain streaks and utilize the proximal gradient descent technique to design an iterative algorithm only containing simple operators for solving the model. By unfolding it, we then build the RCDNet in which every network module has clear physical meanings and corresponds to each operation involved in the algorithm. This good interpretability greatly facilitates an easy visualization and analysis on what happens inside the network and why it works well in inference process. Moreover, taking into account the domain gap issue in real scenarios, we further design a novel dynamic RCDNet, where the rain kernels can be dynamically inferred corresponding to input rainy images and then help shrink the space for rain layer estimation with few rain maps so as to ensure a fine generalization performance in the inconsistent scenarios of rain types between training and testing data. By end-to-end training such an interpretable network, all involved rain kernels and proximal operators can be automatically extracted, faithfully characterizing the features of both rain and clean background layers, and thus naturally lead to better deraining performance. Comprehensive experiments substantiate the superiority of our method, especially on its well generality to diverse testing scenarios and good interpretability for all its modules. Code is available in \emph{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hongwang01/DRCDNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 3.Low complexity online convolutional beamforming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06775.pdf)
>  Convolutional beamformers integrate the multichannel linear prediction model into beamformers, which provide good performance and optimality for joint dereverberation and noise reduction tasks. While longer filters are required to model long reverberation times, the computational burden of current online solutions grows fast with the filter length and number of microphones. In this work, we propose a low complexity convolutional beamformer using a Kalman filter derived affine projection algorithm to solve the adaptive filtering problem. The proposed solution is several orders of magnitude less complex than comparable existing solutions while slightly outperforming them on the REVERB challenge dataset.      
### 4.A Particle Filter Approach to Power System Line Outage Detection Using Load and Generator Bus Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06754.pdf)
>  Limited phasor measurement unit (PMU) and varying signal strength levels make fast real-time transmission-line outage detection challenging. Existing approaches focus on monitoring nodal algebraic variables, i.e., voltage phase angle and magnitude. Their effectiveness is predicated on both strong outage signals in voltage and PMUs in the outage location's vicinity. We propose a unified detection framework that utilizes both generator dynamic states and nodal voltage information. The inclusion of generator dynamics makes detection faster and more robust to a priori unknown outage locations, which we demonstrate using the IEEE 39-bus test system. In particular, the scheme achieves an over 80% detection rate for 80% of the lines, and most outages are detected within 0.2 seconds. The new approach could be implemented to improve system operators' real-time situational awareness by detecting outages faster and providing a breakdown of outage signals for diagnostic purposes, making power systems more resilient.      
### 5.A Low Complexity Learning-based Channel Estimation for OFDM Systems with Online Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06712.pdf)
>  In this paper, we devise a highly efficient machine learning-based channel estimation for orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems, in which the training of the estimator is performed online. A simple learning module is employed for the proposed learning-based estimator. The training process is thus much faster and the required training data is reduced significantly. Besides, a training data construction approach utilizing least square (LS) estimation results is proposed so that the training data can be collected during the data transmission. The feasibility of this novel construction approach is verified by theoretical analysis and simulations. Based on this construction approach, two alternative training data generation schemes are proposed. One scheme transmits additional block pilot symbols to create training data, while the other scheme adopts a decision-directed method and does not require extra pilot overhead. Simulation results show the robustness of the proposed channel estimation method. Furthermore, the proposed method shows better adaptation to practical imperfections compared with the conventional minimum mean-square error (MMSE) channel estimation. It outperforms the existing machine learning-based channel estimation techniques under varying channel conditions.      
### 6.Hybrid Model and Data Driven Algorithm for Online Learning of Any-to-Any Path Loss Maps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06677.pdf)
>  Learning any-to-any (A2A) path loss maps, where the objective is the reconstruction of path loss between any two given points in a map, might be a key enabler for many applications that rely on device-to-device (D2D) communication. Such applications include machine-type communications (MTC) or vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) communications. Current approaches for learning A2A maps are either model-based methods, or pure data-driven methods. Model-based methods have the advantage that they can generate reliable estimations with low computational complexity, but they cannot exploit information coming from data. Pure data-driven methods can achieve good performance without assuming any physical model, but their complexity and their lack of robustness is not acceptable for many applications. In this paper, we propose a novel hybrid model and data-driven approach that fuses information obtained from datasets and models in an online fashion. To that end, we leverage the framework of stochastic learning to deal with the sequential arrival of samples and propose an online algorithm that alternatively and sequentially minimizes the original non-convex problem. A proof of convergence is presented, along with experiments based firstly on synthetic data, and secondly on a more realistic dataset for V2X, with both experiments showing promising results.      
### 7.Many-to-Many Voice Conversion based Feature Disentanglement using Variational Autoencoder  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06642.pdf)
>  Voice conversion is a challenging task which transforms the voice characteristics of a source speaker to a target speaker without changing linguistic content. Recently, there have been many works on many-to-many Voice Conversion (VC) based on Variational Autoencoder (VAEs) achieving good results, however, these methods lack the ability to disentangle speaker identity and linguistic content to achieve good performance on unseen speaker scenarios. In this paper, we propose a new method based on feature disentanglement to tackle many to many voice conversion. The method has the capability to disentangle speaker identity and linguistic content from utterances, it can convert from many source speakers to many target speakers with a single autoencoder network. Moreover, it naturally deals with the unseen target speaker scenarios. We perform both objective and subjective evaluations to show the competitive performance of our proposed method compared with other state-of-the-art models in terms of naturalness and target speaker similarity.      
### 8.Hierarchical Analysis of Visual COVID-19 Features from Chest Radiographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06618.pdf)
>  Chest radiography has been a recommended procedure for patient triaging and resource management in intensive care units (ICUs) throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. The machine learning efforts to augment this workflow have been long challenged due to deficiencies in reporting, model evaluation, and failure mode analysis. To address some of those shortcomings, we model radiological features with a human-interpretable class hierarchy that aligns with the radiological decision process. Also, we propose the use of a data-driven error analysis methodology to uncover the blind spots of our model, providing further transparency on its clinical utility. For example, our experiments show that model failures highly correlate with ICU imaging conditions and with the inherent difficulty in distinguishing certain types of radiological features. Also, our hierarchical interpretation and analysis facilitates the comparison with respect to radiologists' findings and inter-variability, which in return helps us to better assess the clinical applicability of models.      
### 9.Is Someone Speaking? Exploring Long-term Temporal Features for Audio-visual Active Speaker Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06592.pdf)
>  Active speaker detection (ASD) seeks to detect who is speaking in a visual scene of one or more speakers. The successful ASD depends on accurate interpretation of short-term and long-term audio and visual information, as well as audio-visual interaction. Unlike the prior work where systems make decision instantaneously using short-term features, we propose a novel framework, named TalkNet, that makes decision by taking both short-term and long-term features into consideration. TalkNet consists of audio and visual temporal encoders for feature representation, audio-visual cross-attention mechanism for inter-modality interaction, and a self-attention mechanism to capture long-term speaking evidence. The experiments demonstrate that TalkNet achieves 3.5\% and 2.2\% improvement over the state-of-the-art systems on the AVA-ActiveSpeaker dataset and Columbia ASD dataset, respectively. Code has been made available at: \textcolor{magenta}{\url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/TaoRuijie/TalkNet_ASD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}}.      
### 10.Multi-Attention Generative Adversarial Network for Remote Sensing Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06536.pdf)
>  Image super-resolution (SR) methods can generate remote sensing images with high spatial resolution without increasing the cost, thereby providing a feasible way to acquire high-resolution remote sensing images, which are difficult to obtain due to the high cost of acquisition equipment and complex weather. Clearly, image super-resolution is a severe ill-posed problem. Fortunately, with the development of deep learning, the powerful fitting ability of deep neural networks has solved this problem to some extent. In this paper, we propose a network based on the generative adversarial network (GAN) to generate high resolution remote sensing images, named the multi-attention generative adversarial network (MA-GAN). We first designed a GAN-based framework for the image SR task. The core to accomplishing the SR task is the image generator with post-upsampling that we designed. The main body of the generator contains two blocks; one is the pyramidal convolution in the residual-dense block (PCRDB), and the other is the attention-based upsample (AUP) block. The attentioned pyramidal convolution (AttPConv) in the PCRDB block is a module that combines multi-scale convolution and channel attention to automatically learn and adjust the scaling of the residuals for better results. The AUP block is a module that combines pixel attention (PA) to perform arbitrary multiples of upsampling. These two blocks work together to help generate better quality images. For the loss function, we design a loss function based on pixel loss and introduce both adversarial loss and feature loss to guide the generator learning. We have compared our method with several state-of-the-art methods on a remote sensing scene image dataset, and the experimental results consistently demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed MA-GAN.      
### 11.Multi-Task Audio Source Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06467.pdf)
>  The audio source separation tasks, such as speech enhancement, speech separation, and music source separation, have achieved impressive performance in recent studies. The powerful modeling capabilities of deep neural networks give us hope for more challenging tasks. This paper launches a new multi-task audio source separation (MTASS) challenge to separate the speech, music, and noise signals from the monaural mixture. First, we introduce the details of this task and generate a dataset of mixtures containing speech, music, and background noises. Then, we propose an MTASS model in the complex domain to fully utilize the differences in spectral characteristics of the three audio signals. In detail, the proposed model follows a two-stage pipeline, which separates the three types of audio signals and then performs signal compensation separately. After comparing different training targets, the complex ratio mask is selected as a more suitable target for the MTASS. The experimental results also indicate that the residual signal compensation module helps to recover the signals further. The proposed model shows significant advantages in separation performance over several well-known separation models.      
### 12.Learned Image Compression with Discretized Gaussian-Laplacian-Logistic Mixture Model and Concatenated Residual Modules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06463.pdf)
>  Recently deep learning-based image compression methods have achieved significant achievements and gradually outperformed traditional approaches including the latest standard Versatile Video Coding (VVC) in both PSNR and MS-SSIM metrics. Two key components of learned image compression frameworks are the entropy model of the latent representations and the encoding/decoding network architectures. Various models have been proposed, such as autoregressive, softmax, logistic mixture, Gaussian mixture, and Laplacian. Existing schemes only use one of these models. However, due to the vast diversity of images, it is not optimal to use one model for all images, even different regions of one image. In this paper, we propose a more flexible discretized Gaussian-Laplacian-Logistic mixture model (GLLMM) for the latent representations, which can adapt to different contents in different images and different regions of one image more accurately. Besides, in the encoding/decoding network design part, we propose a concatenated residual blocks (CRB), where multiple residual blocks are serially connected with additional shortcut connections. The CRB can improve the learning ability of the network, which can further improve the compression performance. Experimental results using the Kodak and Tecnick datasets show that the proposed scheme outperforms all the state-of-the-art learning-based methods and existing compression standards including VVC intra coding (4:4:4 and 4:2:0) in terms of the PSNR and MS-SSIM.      
### 13.Impact of Rotary-Wing UAV Wobbling on Millimeter-wave Air-to-Ground Wireless Channel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06461.pdf)
>  Millimeter-wave rotary-wing (RW) unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) air-to-ground (A2G) links face unpredictable Doppler effect arising from the inevitable wobbling of RW UAV. Moreover, the time-varying channel characteristics during transmission lead to inaccurate channel estimation, which in turn results in the deteriorated bit error probability performance of the UAV A2G link. This paper studies the impact of mechanical wobbling on the Doppler effect of the millimeter-wave wireless channel between a hovering RW UAV and a ground node. Our contributions of this paper lie in: i) modeling the wobbling process of a hovering RW UAV; ii) developing an analytical model to derive the channel temporal autocorrelation function (ACF) for the millimeter-wave RW UAV A2G link in a closed-form expression; and iii) investigating how RW UAV wobbling impacts the Doppler effect on the millimeter-wave RW UAV A2G link. Numerical results show that different RW UAV wobbling patterns impact the amplitude and the frequency of ACF oscillation in the millimeter-wave RW UAV A2G link. For UAV wobbling, the channel temporal ACF decreases quickly and the impact of the Doppler effect is significant on the millimeter-wave A2G link.      
### 14.End-to-end Ultrasound Frame to Volume Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06449.pdf)
>  Fusing intra-operative 2D transrectal ultrasound (TRUS) image with pre-operative 3D magnetic resonance (MR) volume to guide prostate biopsy can significantly increase the yield. However, such a multimodal 2D/3D registration problem is a very challenging task. In this paper, we propose an end-to-end frame-to-volume registration network (FVR-Net), which can efficiently bridge the previous research gaps by aligning a 2D TRUS frame with a 3D TRUS volume without requiring hardware tracking. The proposed FVR-Net utilizes a dual-branch feature extraction module to extract the information from TRUS frame and volume to estimate transformation parameters. We also introduce a differentiable 2D slice sampling module which allows gradients backpropagating from an unsupervised image similarity loss for content correspondence learning. Our model shows superior efficiency for real-time interventional guidance with highly competitive registration accuracy.      
### 15.Exploring DMD-type Algorithms for Modeling Signalised Intersections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06369.pdf)
>  This paper explores a novel data-driven approach based on recent developments in Koopman operator theory and dynamic mode decomposition (DMD) for modeling signalized intersections. Vehicular flow and queue formation on signalized intersections have complex nonlinear dynamics, making system identification, modeling, and controller design tasks challenging. We employ a Koopman theoretic approach to transform the original nonlinear dynamics into locally linear infinite-dimensional dynamics. The data-driven approach relies entirely on spatio-temporal snapshots of the traffic data. We investigate several key aspects of the approach and provide insights into the usage of DMD-type algorithms for application in adaptive signalized intersections. To demonstrate the utility of the obtained linearized dynamics, we perform prediction of the queue lengths at the intersection; and compare the results with the state-of-the-art long short term memory (LSTM) method. The case study involves the morning peak vehicle movements and queue lengths at two Orlando area signalized intersections. It is observed that DMD-based algorithms are able to capture complex dynamics with a linear approximation to a reasonable extent.      
### 16.Enhancing Resilience of Distribution Networks by Coordinating Microgrids and Demand Response Programs in Service Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06347.pdf)
>  In case of high impact low probability events, in order to restore the critical loads of the distribution network as much as possible, it is necessary to employ all available resources such as microgrids and distributed generations. This paper presents a two-stage method for critical load restoration after an extreme event utilizing the coordination of all available distributed generations, microgrids, and demand response programs. In the first stage, the post-disaster reconfiguration of the network is determined, and in the second stage, the demand response outputs of the responsive loads and the restoration status of all critical loads are ascertained. In the first stage, an algorithm is proposed to determine electrical islands, and in the second stage, a new model based on the generalized Benders decomposition algorithm is proposed, which considers demand response programs and all operational constraints and aims to maximize the restored critical loads. The effectiveness of the proposed method is verified by simulating the 33-bus and 69-bus test systems.      
### 17.Design of Adaptive Backstepping Control for Direct Power Control of Three-Phase PWM Rectifier)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06343.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focused on the design of an adaptive backstepping controller (adaptive-BSC) for direct power control (DPC) of a three-phase PWM rectifier. In the proposed system, it is desired to control both the output DC voltage of the rectifier and the reactive power simultaneously by making them track desired respective values. This was done by having independent virtual control signals for both the output voltage and the reactive power. The adaptive control signals were gotten from the dynamic equations of the three-phase system. For comparison, both the BSC and adaptive-BSC equations were developed. Numerical simulations were performed on both of them on a 5kW system. The proposed adaptive-BSC was designed to work under more challenging system variations as compared with the BSC as it has to estimate the value of the unknown system load. Despite this, it still performed better than its BSC counterpart.      
### 18.Evolution of Non-Terrestrial Networks From 5G to 6G: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06881.pdf)
>  Non-terrestrial networks (NTNs) traditionally had certain limited applications. However, the recent technological advancements opened up myriad applications of NTNs for 5G and beyond networks, especially when integrated into terrestrial networks (TNs). This article comprehensively surveys the evolution of NTNs highlighting its relevance to 5G networks and essentially, how it will play a pivotal role in the development of 6G and beyond wireless networks. The survey discusses important features of NTNs integration into TNs by delving into the new range of services and use cases, various architectures, and new approaches being adopted to develop a new wireless ecosystem. Our survey includes the major progresses and outcomes from academic research as well as industrial efforts. We first start with introducing the relevant 5G use cases and general integration challenges such as handover and deployment difficulties. Then, we review the NTNs operations in mmWave and their potential for the internet of things (IoT). Further, we discuss the significance of mobile edge computing (MEC) and machine learning (ML) in NTNs by reviewing the relevant research works. Furthermore, we also discuss the corresponding higher layer advancements and relevant field trials/prototyping at both academic and industrial levels. Finally, we identify and review 6G and beyond application scenarios, novel architectures, technological enablers, and higher layer aspects pertinent to NTNs integration.      
### 19.Federated Self-Training for Semi-Supervised Audio Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06877.pdf)
>  Federated Learning is a distributed machine learning paradigm dealing with decentralized and personal datasets. Since data reside on devices like smartphones and virtual assistants, labeling is entrusted to the clients, or labels are extracted in an automated way. Specifically, in the case of audio data, acquiring semantic annotations can be prohibitively expensive and time-consuming. As a result, an abundance of audio data remains unlabeled and unexploited on users' devices. Most existing federated learning approaches focus on supervised learning without harnessing the unlabeled data. In this work, we study the problem of semi-supervised learning of audio models via self-training in conjunction with federated learning. We propose FedSTAR to exploit large-scale on-device unlabeled data to improve the generalization of audio recognition models. We further demonstrate that self-supervised pre-trained models can accelerate the training of on-device models, significantly improving convergence to within fewer training rounds. We conduct experiments on diverse public audio classification datasets and investigate the performance of our models under varying percentages of labeled and unlabeled data. Notably, we show that with as little as 3% labeled data available, FedSTAR on average can improve the recognition rate by 13.28% compared to the fully supervised federated model.      
### 20.Localization Based Sequential Grouping for Continuous Speech Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06853.pdf)
>  This study investigates robust speaker localization for con-tinuous speech separation and speaker diarization, where we use speaker directions to group non-contiguous segments of the same speaker. Assuming that speakers do not move and are located in different directions, the direction of arrival (DOA) information provides an informative cue for accurate sequential grouping and speaker diarization. Our system is block-online in the following sense. Given a block of frames with at most two speakers, we apply a two-speaker separa-tion model to separate (and enhance) the speakers, estimate the DOA of each separated speaker, and group the separation results across blocks based on the DOA estimates. Speaker diarization and speaker-attributed speech recognition results on the LibriCSS corpus demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.      
### 21.MMGCN: Multimodal Fusion via Deep Graph Convolution Network for Emotion Recognition in Conversation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06779.pdf)
>  Emotion recognition in conversation (ERC) is a crucial component in affective dialogue systems, which helps the system understand users' emotions and generate empathetic responses. However, most works focus on modeling speaker and contextual information primarily on the textual modality or simply leveraging multimodal information through feature concatenation. In order to explore a more effective way of utilizing both multimodal and long-distance contextual information, we propose a new model based on multimodal fused graph convolutional network, MMGCN, in this work. MMGCN can not only make use of multimodal dependencies effectively, but also leverage speaker information to model inter-speaker and intra-speaker dependency. We evaluate our proposed model on two public benchmark datasets, IEMOCAP and MELD, and the results prove the effectiveness of MMGCN, which outperforms other SOTA methods by a significant margin under the multimodal conversation setting.      
### 22.DVMN: Dense Validity Mask Network for Depth Completion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06709.pdf)
>  LiDAR depth maps provide environmental guidance in a variety of applications. However, such depth maps are typically sparse and insufficient for complex tasks such as autonomous navigation. State of the art methods use image guided neural networks for dense depth completion. We develop a guided convolutional neural network focusing on gathering dense and valid information from sparse depth maps. To this end, we introduce a novel layer with spatially variant and content-depended dilation to include additional data from sparse input. Furthermore, we propose a sparsity invariant residual bottleneck block. We evaluate our Dense Validity Mask Network (DVMN) on the KITTI depth completion benchmark and achieve state of the art results. At the time of submission, our network is the leading method using sparsity invariant convolution.      
### 23.Optimal Power Allocation in Downlink NOMA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06678.pdf)
>  Power-domain non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) has arisen as a promising multiple access technique for the next-generation wireless networks. In this work, we address the problem of finding globally optimal power allocation strategies for the downlink of a generic single-cell NOMA system including multiple NOMA clusters each operating in an isolated resource block. Each cluster includes a set of users in which the well-known superposition coding (SC) combined with successive interference cancellation (SIC) technique (called SC-SIC) is applied among them. Interestingly, we prove that in both the sum-rate and energy efficiency maximization problems, network-NOMA can be equivalently transformed to a virtual network-OMA system, where the effective channel gain of these virtual OMA users are obtained in closed-form. Then, the latter problems are solved by using very fast water-filling and Dinkelbach algorithms, respectively. The equivalent transformation of NOMA to the virtual OMA system brings new insights, which are discussed throughout the paper. Extensive numerical results are provided to show the performance gap between fully SC-SIC, NOMA, and OMA in terms of system outage probability, BS's power consumption, users sum-rate, and system energy efficiency.      
### 24.The Period-Modulated Harmonic Locked Loop (PM-HLL): A low-effort algorithm for rapid time-domain periodicity estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06645.pdf)
>  Many speech and music analysis and processing schemes rely on an estimate of the fundamental frequency f0 of periodic signal components. Most established schemes apply rather unspecific signal models such as sinusoidal models to the estimation problem, which may limit time resolution and estimation accuracy. This study proposes a novel time-domain locked-loop algorithm with low computational effort and low memory footprint for f0 estimation. The loop control signal is directly derived from the input time signal, using a harmonic signal model. Theoretically, this allows for a noise-robust and rapid f0 estimation for periodic signals of arbitrary waveform, and without the requirement of a prior frequency analysis. Several simulations with short signals employing different types of periodicity and with added wide-band noise were performed to demonstrate and evaluate the basic properties of the proposed algorithm. Depending on the Signal-to-Noise Ratio (SNR), the estimator was found to converge within 3-4 signal repetitions, even at SNR close to or below 0dB. Furthermore, it was found to follow fundamental frequency sweeps with a delay of less than one period and to track all tones of a three-tone musical chord signal simultaneously. Quasi-periodic sounds with shifted harmonics as well as signals with stochastic periodicity were robustly tracked. Mean and standard deviation of the estimation error, i.e., the difference between true and estimated f0, were at or below 1 Hz in most cases. The results suggest that the proposed algorithm may be applicable to low-delay speech and music analysis and processing.      
### 25.Tailored Shaping, Improved Detection, Simpler Backpropagation: the Road to Nonlinearity Mitigation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06589.pdf)
>  Several strategies for nonlinearity mitigation based on signal processing at the transmitter and/or receiver side are analyzed and their effectiveness is discussed. Improved capacity lower bounds based on their combination are presented.      
### 26.Computational Imaging Without a Computer: Seeing Through Random Diffusers at the Speed of Light  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06586.pdf)
>  Imaging through diffusers presents a challenging problem with various digital image reconstruction solutions demonstrated to date using computers. We present a computer-free, all-optical image reconstruction method to see through random diffusers at the speed of light. Using deep learning, a set of diffractive surfaces are designed/trained to all-optically reconstruct images of objects that are covered by random phase diffusers. We experimentally demonstrated this concept using coherent THz illumination and all-optically reconstructed objects distorted by unknown, random diffusers, never used during training. Unlike digital methods, all-optical diffractive reconstructions do not require power except for the illumination light. This diffractive solution to see through diffusers can be extended to other wavelengths, and might fuel various applications in biomedical imaging, astronomy, atmospheric sciences, oceanography, security, robotics, among others.      
### 27.QoS-Aware Scheduling in New Radio Using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06570.pdf)
>  Fifth-generation (5G) New Radio (NR) cellular networks support a wide range of new services, many of which require an application-specific quality of service (QoS), e.g. in terms of a guaranteed minimum bit-rate or a maximum tolerable delay. Therefore, scheduling multiple parallel data flows, each serving a unique application instance, is bound to become an even more challenging task compared to the previous generations. Leveraging recent advances in deep reinforcement learning, in this paper, we propose a QoS-Aware Deep Reinforcement learning Agent (QADRA) scheduler for NR networks. In contrast to state-of-the-art scheduling heuristics, the QADRA scheduler explicitly optimizes for the QoS satisfaction rate while simultaneously maximizing the network performance. Moreover, we train our algorithm end-to-end on these objectives. We evaluate QADRA in a full scale, near-product, system level NR simulator and demonstrate a significant boost in network performance. In our particular evaluation scenario, the QADRA scheduler improves network throughput by 30% while simultaneously maintaining the QoS satisfaction rate of VoIP users served by the network, compared to state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 28.ZR-2021VG: Zero-Resource Speech Challenge, Visually-Grounded Language Modelling track, 2021 edition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06546.pdf)
>  We present the visually-grounded language modelling track that was introduced in the Zero-Resource Speech challenge, 2021 edition, 2nd round. We motivate the new track and discuss participation rules in detail. We also present the two baseline systems that were developed for this track.      
### 29.Zeroth and First Order Stochastic Frank-Wolfe Algorithms for Constrained Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06534.pdf)
>  This paper considers stochastic convex optimization problems with two sets of constraints: (a) deterministic constraints on the domain of the optimization variable, which are difficult to project onto; and (b) deterministic or stochastic constraints that admit efficient projection. Problems of this form arise frequently in the context of semidefinite programming as well as when various NP-hard problems are solved approximately via semidefinite relaxation. Since projection onto the first set of constraints is difficult, it becomes necessary to explore projection-free algorithms, such as the stochastic Frank-Wolfe (FW) algorithm. On the other hand, the second set of constraints cannot be handled in the same way, and must be incorporated as an indicator function within the objective function, thereby complicating the application of FW methods. Similar problems have been studied before, and solved using first-order stochastic FW algorithms by applying homotopy and Nesterov's smoothing techniques to the indicator function. This work improves upon these existing results and puts forth momentum-based first-order methods that yield improved convergence rates, at par with the best known rates for problems without the second set of constraints. Zeroth-order variants of the proposed algorithms are also developed and again improve upon the state-of-the-art rate results. The efficacy of the proposed algorithms is tested on relevant applications of sparse matrix estimation, clustering via semidefinite relaxation, and uniform sparsest cut problem.      
### 30.Detection of Abnormal Behavior with Self-Supervised Gaze Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06530.pdf)
>  Due to the recent outbreak of COVID-19, many classes, exams, and meetings have been conducted non-face-to-face. However, the foundation for video conferencing solutions is still insufficient. So this technology has become an important issue. In particular, these technologies are essential for non-face-to-face testing, and technology dissemination is urgent. In this paper, we present a single video conferencing solution using gaze estimation in preparation for these problems. Gaze is an important cue for the tasks such as analysis of human behavior. Hence, numerous studies have been proposed to solve gaze estimation using deep learning, which is one of the most prominent methods up to date. We use these gaze estimation methods to detect abnormal behavior of video conferencing participants. Our contribution is as follows. i) We find and apply the optimal network for the gaze estimation method and apply a self-supervised method to improve accuracy. ii) For anomaly detection, we present a new dataset that aggregates the values of a new gaze, head pose, etc. iii) We train newly created data on Multi Layer Perceptron (MLP) models to detect anomaly behavior based on deep learning. We demonstrate the robustness of our method through experiments.      
### 31.AdvFilter: Predictive Perturbation-aware Filtering against Adversarial Attack via Multi-domain Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06501.pdf)
>  High-level representation-guided pixel denoising and adversarial training are independent solutions to enhance the robustness of CNNs against adversarial attacks by pre-processing input data and re-training models, respectively. Most recently, adversarial training techniques have been widely studied and improved while the pixel denoising-based method is getting less attractive. However, it is still questionable whether there exists a more advanced pixel denoising-based method and whether the combination of the two solutions benefits each other. To this end, we first comprehensively investigate two kinds of pixel denoising methods for adversarial robustness enhancement (i.e., existing additive-based and unexplored filtering-based methods) under the loss functions of image-level and semantic-level restorations, respectively, showing that pixel-wise filtering can obtain much higher image quality (e.g., higher PSNR) as well as higher robustness (e.g., higher accuracy on adversarial examples) than existing pixel-wise additive-based method. However, we also observe that the robustness results of the filtering-based method rely on the perturbation amplitude of adversarial examples used for training. To address this problem, we propose predictive perturbation-aware pixel-wise filtering, where dual-perturbation filtering and an uncertainty-aware fusion module are designed and employed to automatically perceive the perturbation amplitude during the training and testing process. The proposed method is termed as AdvFilter. Moreover, we combine adversarial pixel denoising methods with three adversarial training-based methods, hinting that considering data and models jointly is able to achieve more robust CNNs. The experiments conduct on NeurIPS-2017DEV, SVHN, and CIFAR10 datasets and show the advantages over enhancing CNNs' robustness, high generalization to different models, and noise levels.      
### 32.Serialized Multi-Layer Multi-Head Attention for Neural Speaker Embedding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06493.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a serialized multi-layer multi-head attention for neural speaker embedding in text-independent speaker verification. In prior works, frame-level features from one layer are aggregated to form an utterance-level representation. Inspired by the Transformer network, our proposed method utilizes the hierarchical architecture of stacked self-attention mechanisms to derive refined features that are more correlated with speakers. Serialized attention mechanism contains a stack of self-attention modules to create fixed-dimensional representations of speakers. Instead of utilizing multi-head attention in parallel, the proposed serialized multi-layer multi-head attention is designed to aggregate and propagate attentive statistics from one layer to the next in a serialized manner. In addition, we employ an input-aware query for each utterance with the statistics pooling. With more layers stacked, the neural network can learn more discriminative speaker embeddings. Experiment results on VoxCeleb1 dataset and SITW dataset show that our proposed method outperforms other baseline methods, including x-vectors and other x-vectors + conventional attentive pooling approaches by 9.7% in EER and 8.1% in DCF0.01.      
### 33.RCLC: ROI-based joint conventional and learning video compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06492.pdf)
>  COVID-19 leads to the high demand for remote interactive systems ever seen. One of the key elements of these systems is video streaming, which requires a very high network bandwidth due to its specific real-time demand, especially with high-resolution video. Existing video compression methods are struggling in the trade-off between video quality and the speed requirement. Addressed that the background information rarely changes in most remote meeting cases, we introduce a Region-Of-Interests (ROI) based video compression framework (named RCLC) that leverages the cutting-edge learning-based and conventional technologies. In RCLC, each coming frame is marked as a background-updating (BU) or ROI-updating (RU) frame. By applying the conventional video codec, the BU frame is compressed with low-quality and high-compression, while the ROI from RU-frame is compressed with high-quality and low-compression. The learning-based methods are applied to detect the ROI, blend background-ROI, and enhance video quality. The experimental results show that our RCLC can reduce up to 32.55\% BD-rate for the ROI region compared to H.265 video codec under a similar compression time with 1080p resolution.      
### 34.Compressive Representations of Weather Scenes for Strategic Air Traffic Flow Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06394.pdf)
>  Terse representation of high-dimensional weather scene data is explored, in support of strategic air traffic flow management objectives. Specifically, we consider whether aviation-relevant weather scenes are compressible, in the sense that each scene admits a possibly-different sparse representation in a basis of interest. Here, compression of weather scenes extracted from METAR data (including temperature, flight categories, and visibility profiles for the contiguous United States) is examined, for the graph-spectral basis. The scenes are found to be compressible, with 75-95% of the scene content captured using 0.5-4% of the basis vectors. Further, the dominant basis vectors for each scene are seen to identify time-varying spatial characteristics of the weather, and reconstruction from the compressed representation is demonstrated. Finally, potential uses of the compressive representations in strategic TFM design are briefly scoped.      
### 35.Stochastic Geometry based Interference Analysis of Multiuser mmWave Networks with RIS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06382.pdf)
>  In this paper, we utilize tools from stochastic geometry to estimate the interference propagation via reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) in the millimeter wave (mmWave, 30-300 GHz) band and specifically on the D band (110-170 GHz). The RISs have been of great interest lately to maximize the channel gains in non-line-of-sight (NLOS) communication situations. We derive expressions for stochastic interference level in RIS powered systems and validate those with simulations. It will be shown that the interference levels via RIS link are rather small compared to the designed RIS link or the LOS interference as the random interference loses significant part of the RIS gain. We also analyse the validity of far field channel and antenna gains in the near field of a large array. It is shown that, while the high frequency systems require large arrays that push the far field far away from the antenna, the far field equations are very accurate up to about half way of the near field.      
### 36.Bilinear Control of Convection-Cooling: From Open-Loop to Closed-Loop  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06374.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with a bilinear control problem for enhancing convection-cooling via an incompressible velocity field. Both optimal open-loop control and closed-loop feedback control designs are addressed. First and second order optimality conditions for characterizing the optimal solution are discussed. In particular, the method of instantaneous control is applied to establish the feedback laws. Moreover, the construction of feedback laws is also investigated by directly utilizing the optimality system with appropriate numerical discretization schemes. Computationally, it is much easier to implement the closed-loop feedback control than the optimal open-loop control, as the latter requires to solve the state equations forward in time, coupled with the adjoint equations backward in time together with a nonlinear optimality condition. Rigorous analysis and numerical experiments are presented to demonstrate our ideas and validate the efficacy of the control designs.      
### 37.Inverse Reinforcement Learning Based Stochastic Driver Behavior Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06344.pdf)
>  Drivers have unique and rich driving behaviors when operating vehicles in traffic. This paper presents a novel driver behavior learning approach that captures the uniqueness and richness of human driver behavior in realistic driving scenarios. A stochastic inverse reinforcement learning (SIRL) approach is proposed to learn a distribution of cost function, which represents the richness of the human driver behavior with a given set of driver-specific demonstrations. Evaluations are conducted on the realistic driving data collected from the 3D driver-in-the-loop driving simulation. The results show that the learned stochastic driver model is capable of expressing the richness of the human driving strategies under different realistic driving scenarios. Compared to the deterministic baseline driver model, the results reveal that the proposed stochastic driver behavior model can better replicate the driver's unique and rich driving strategies in a variety of traffic conditions.      
### 38.The Anarchy-Stability Tradeoff in Congestion Games  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2107.06331.pdf)
>  This work focuses on the design of incentive mechanisms in congestion games, a commonly studied model for competitive resource sharing. While the majority of the existing literature on this topic focuses on unilaterally optimizing the worst case performance (i.e., price of anarchy), in this manuscript we investigate whether optimizing for the worst case has consequences on the best case performance (i.e., price of stability). Perhaps surprisingly, our results show that there is a fundamental tradeoff between these two measures of performance. Our main result provides a characterization of this tradeoff in terms of upper and lower bounds on the Pareto frontier between the price of anarchy and the price of stability. Interestingly, we demonstrate that the mechanism that optimizes the price of anarchy inherits a matching price of stability, thereby implying that the best equilibrium is not necessarily any better than the worst equilibrium for such a design choice. Our results also establish that, in several well-studied cases, the unincentivized setting does not even lie on the Pareto frontier, and that any incentive with price of stability equal to 1 incurs a much higher price of anarchy.      
