# ArXiv eess --Wed, 16 Sep 2020
### 1.A Scalable Real-Time Architecture for Neural Oscillation Detection and Phase-Specific Stimulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07264.pdf)
>  Oscillations in the local field potential (LFP) of the brain are key signatures of neural information processing. Perturbing these oscillations at specific phases in order to alter neural information processing is an area of active research. Existing systems for phase-specific brain stimulation typically either do not offer real-time timing guarantees (desktop computer based systems) or require extensive programming of vendor-specific equipment. This work presents a real-time detection system architecture that is platform-agnostic and that scales to thousands of recording channels, validated using a proof-of-concept microcontroller-based implementation.      
### 2.On NOMA-Based mmWave Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07221.pdf)
>  Non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) and millimeter-wave (mmWave) communication are two promising techniques to increase the system capacity in the fifth-generation (5G) mobile network. The former can achieve high spectral efficiency by modulating the information in power domain and the latter can provide extremely large spectrum resources. Fluctuating two-ray (FTR) channel model has already been proved to accurately agree with the small-scale fading effects in mmWave communications in experiments. In this paper, the performance of NOMA-based communications over FTR channels in mmWave communication systems is investigated in terms of outage probability (OP) and ergodic capacity (EC). Specifically, we consider the scenario that one base station (BS) transmits signals to two users simultaneously under NOMA scheme. The BS and users are all equipped with a single antenna. Two power allocation strategies are considered: the first one is a general (fixed) power allocation scheme under which we derive the OP and EC of NOMA users in closed form; the other one is an optimal power allocation scheme that can achieve the maximum sum rate for the whole system. Under the second scheme, not only the closed-form OP and EC but also the upper and lower bounds of EC are derived. Furthermore, we also derive the asymptotic expression for the OP in high average SNR region to investigate the diversity order under these two schemes. Finally, we show the correctness and accuracy of our derived expressions by Monte-Carlo simulation.      
### 3.Multivariate analysis of Brillouin imaging data by supervised and unsupervised learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07220.pdf)
>  Brillouin imaging relies on the reliable extraction of subtle spectral information from hyperspectral datasets. To date, the mainstream practice has been using line fitting of spectral features to retrieve the average peak shift and linewidth parameters. Good results, however, depend heavily on sufficient SNR and may not be applicable in complex samples that consist of spectral mixtures. In this work, we thus propose the use of various multivariate algorithms that can be used to perform supervised or unsupervised analysis of the hyperspectral data, with which we explore advanced image analysis applications, namely unmixing, classification and segmentation in a phantom and live cells. The resulting images are shown to provide more contrast and detail, and obtained on a timescale $10^2$ faster than fitting. The estimated spectral parameters are consistent with those calculated from pure fitting.      
### 4.A Review of 5G Front-End Systems Package Integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07208.pdf)
>  Increasing data rates, spectrum efficiency and energy efficiency have been driving major advances in the design and hardware integration of RF communication networks. In order to meet the data rate and efficiency metrics, 5G networks have emerged as a follow-on to 4G, and projected to have 100X higher wireless date rates and 100X lower latency than those with current 4G networks. Major challenges arise in the packaging of radio-frequency front-end modules because of the stringent low signal-loss requirements in the millimeter-wave frequency bands, and precision-impedance designs with smaller footprints and thickness. Heterogeneous integration in 3D ultra-thin packages with higher component densities and performance than with the existing 2D packages is needed to realize such 5G systems. This paper reviews the key building blocks of 5G systems and the underlying advances in packaging technologies to realize them.      
### 5.Performance Estimation of a Real-Time Rosette Imager  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07176.pdf)
>  In this paper, we model a real-time feasible rosette imager, consisting of a rosette scanner, an optical sensor and a deterministic image reconstruction algorithm. We fine-tune the rosette imager through selecting the appropriate sensor field of view and rosette pattern. The sensor field of view is determined through a greedy approach using uniform random sampling. Furthermore, the optimal rosette pattern is selected by determining which pattern best covers the imaging area uniformly. <br>We explore image sparsity, image decimation and Gaussian filtering in a well-known natural data set and dead leaves data set using the PSNR, Peak-Signal-to-Noise Ratio. This exploration helps to establish a connection between PSNR and image sparsity. Furthermore, we compare various rosette imager configurations in a Bayesian framework. We also conclude that the rosette imager does not outperform a focal-plane array of equivalent samples in terms of image quality but can match the performance.      
### 6.Utility Maximization for Large-Scale Cell-Free Massive MIMO Downlink  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07167.pdf)
>  We consider the system-wide utility maximization problem in the downlink of a cell-free massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) system whereby a very large number of access points (APs) simultaneously serve a group of users. Specifically, four fundamental problems with increasing order of user fairness are of interest: (i) to maximize the average spectral efficiency (SE), (ii) to maximize the proportional fairness, (iii) to maximize the harmonic-rate of all users, and lastly (iv) to maximize the minimum SE of all users, subject to a sum power constraint at each AP. As the considered problems are non-convex, existing solutions normally rely on successive convex approximation to find a sub-optimal solution. More specifically, these known methods use off-the-shelf convex solvers, which basically implement an interior-point algorithm, to solve the derived convex problems. The main issue of such methods is that their complexity does not scale favorably with the problem size, limiting previous studies to cell-free massive MIMO of moderate scales. Thus the potential of cell-free massive MIMO has not been fully understood. To address this issue, we propose a unified framework based on an accelerated projected gradient method to solve the considered problems. Particularly, the proposed solution is found in closed-form expressions and only requires the first order oracle of the objective, rather than the Hessian matrix as in known solutions, and thus is much more memory efficient. Numerical results demonstrate that our proposed solution achieves the same utility performance but with far less run-time, compared to other second-order methods. Simulation results for large-scale cell-free massive MIMO show that the four utility functions can deliver nearly uniformed services to all users. In other words, user fairness is not a great concern in large-scale cell-free massive MIMO.      
### 7.F3RNet: Full-Resolution Residual Registration Network for Multimodal Image Registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07151.pdf)
>  Multimodal deformable image registration is essential for many image-guided therapies. Recently, deep learning approaches have gained substantial popularity and success in deformable image registration. Most deep learning approaches use the so-called mono-stream "high-to-low, low-to-high" network structure, and can achieve satisfactory overall registration results. However, accurate alignments for some severely deformed local regions, which are crucial for pinpointing surgical targets, are often overlooked, especially for multimodal inputs with vast intensity differences. Consequently, these approaches are not sensitive to some hard-to-align regions, e.g., intra-patient registration of deformed liver lobes. In this paper, we propose a novel unsupervised registration network, namely Full-Resolution Residual Registration Network (F3RNet), for multimodal registration of severely deformed organs. The proposed method combines two parallel processing streams in a residual learning fashion. One stream takes advantage of the full-resolution information that facilitates accurate voxel-level registration. The other stream learns the deep multi-scale residual representations to obtain robust recognition. We also factorize the 3D convolution to reduce the training parameters and enhance network efficiency. We validate the proposed method on 50 sets of clinically acquired intra-patient abdominal CT-MRI data. Experiments on both CT-to-MRI and MRI-to-CT registration demonstrate promising results compared to state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 8.Multi-structure bone segmentation in pediatric MR images with combined regularization from shape priors and adversarial network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07092.pdf)
>  Morphological and diagnostic evaluation of pediatric musculoskeletal system is crucial in clinical practice. However, most segmentation models do not perform well on scarce pediatric imaging data. We propose a regularized convolutional encoder-decoder network for the challenging task of segmenting pediatric magnetic resonance (MR) images. To overcome the scarcity and heterogeneity of pediatric imaging datasets, we adopt a regularization strategy to improve the generalization of segmentation models. To this end, we have conceived a novel optimization scheme for the segmentation network which comprises additional regularization terms to the loss function. In order to obtain globally consistent predictions, we incorporate a shape priors based regularization, derived from a non-linear shape representation learnt by an auto-encoder. Additionally, an adversarial regularization computed by a discriminator is integrated to encourage plausible delineations. Our method is evaluated for the task of multi-bone segmentation on two pediatric imaging datasets from different joints (ankle and shoulder), comprising pathological as well as healthy examinations. We illustrate that the proposed approach can be easily integrated into various multi-structure strategies and can improve the prediction accuracy of state-of-the-art models. The obtained results bring new perspectives for the management of pediatric musculoskeletal disorders.      
### 9.On Spatial Multiplexing Using Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07064.pdf)
>  We consider an uplink multi-user scenario and investigate the use of reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RIS) to optimize spatial multiplexing performance when a linear receiver is used. We study two different formulations of the problem, namely maximizing the effective rank and maximizing the minimum singular value of the RIS-augmented channel. We employ gradient-based optimization to solve the two problems and compare the solutions in terms of the sum-rate achievable when a linear receiver is used. Our results show that the proposed criteria can be used to optimize the RIS to obtain effective channels with favorable properties and drastically improve performance even when the propagation through the RIS contributes a small fraction of the received power.      
### 10.Cross Layer Resource Allocation in H-CRAN with Spectrum and Energy Cooperation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07021.pdf)
>  5G and beyond wireless networks are the upcoming evolution for the current cellular networks to provide the essential requirement of future demands such as high data rate, low energy consumption, and low latency to provide seamless communication for the emerging applications. Heterogeneous cloud radio access network (H-CRAN) is envisioned as a new trend of 5G that uses the advantages of heterogeneous and cloud radio access networks to enhance both the spectral and energy efficiency. In this paper, building on the notion of effective capacity (EC), we propose a framework in non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA)-based H-CRAN to meet these demands simultaneously. Our proposed approach is to maximize the effective energy efficiency (EEE) while considering spectrum and power cooperation between macro base station (MBS) and radio remote heads (RRHs). To solve the formulated problem and to make it more tractable, we transform the original problem into an equivalent subtractive form via Dinkelbach algorithm. Afterwards, the combinational framework of distributed stable matching and successive convex algorithm (SCA) is then adopted to obtain the solution of the equivalent problem. Hereby, we propose an efficient resource allocation scheme to maximize energy efficiency while maintaining the delay quality of service (QoS) requirements for the all users. The simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can provide a non-trivial trade-off between delay and energy efficiency in NOMA H-CRAN systems in terms of EC and EEE and the spectrum and power cooperation improves EEE of the proposed network. Moreover, our proposed solution complexity is much lower than the optimal solution and it suffers a very limited gap compared to the optimal method.      
### 11.Mapping horizontal and vertical urban densification in Denmark with Landsat time-series from 1985 to 2018: a semantic segmentation solution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06992.pdf)
>  Landsat imagery is an unparalleled freely available data source that allows reconstructing horizontal and vertical urban form. This paper addresses the challenge of using Landsat data, particularly its 30m spatial resolution, for monitoring three-dimensional urban densification. We compare temporal and spatial transferability of an adapted DeepLab model with a simple fully convolutional network (FCN) and a texture-based random forest (RF) model to map urban density in the two morphological dimensions: horizontal (compact, open, sparse) and vertical (high rise, low rise). We test whether a model trained on the 2014 data can be applied to 2006 and 1995 for Denmark, and examine whether we could use the model trained on the Danish data to accurately map other European cities. Our results show that an implementation of deep networks and the inclusion of multi-scale contextual information greatly improve the classification and the model's ability to generalize across space and time. DeepLab provides more accurate horizontal and vertical classifications than FCN when sufficient training data is available. By using DeepLab, the F1 score can be increased by 4 and 10 percentage points for detecting vertical urban growth compared to FCN and RF for Denmark. For mapping the other European cities with training data from Denmark, DeepLab also shows an advantage of 6 percentage points over RF for both the dimensions. The resulting maps across the years 1985 to 2018 reveal different patterns of urban growth between Copenhagen and Aarhus, the two largest cities in Denmark, illustrating that those cities have used various planning policies in addressing population growth and housing supply challenges. In summary, we propose a transferable deep learning approach for automated, long-term mapping of urban form from Landsat images.      
### 12.Deep Reinforcement Learning Based Fast Initial Access For mmWave Based User-centric Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06974.pdf)
>  User-centric (UC) systems face a complex problem of initial access (IA) beam discovery due to a large number of distributed access points (APs). The use of millimeter-wave (mmWave) frequencies, further exacerbates the IA problem due to its shorter channel coherence time and higher blockage susceptibility compared to the lower frequency bands. In this paper, we provide a novel deep reinforcement learning-based algorithm called RapidIA to efficiently perform IA in mmWave based UC systems. The key advantage of RapidIA is that it can predict the IA beam steering vector using just one reference signal from the user. The policy of the deep reinforcement learning model in RapidIA learns the mapping between received reference signals and the beam codebook. The mmWave channel and the simulation environment are modeled using a ray-tracing approach. Ray-tracing based simulations show that the RapidIA algorithm consistently achieves a beam prediction accuracy level of 100%. With respect to beam discovery delay, RapidIA shows a considerable improvement compared to other beam sweeping based IA systems.      
### 13.Feature Fusion via Multiresolution Compressive Measurement Matrix Analysis For Spectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06961.pdf)
>  In the compressive spectral imaging (CSI) framework, different architectures have been proposed to recover high-resolution spectral images from compressive measurements. Since CSI architectures compactly capture the relevant information of the spectral image, various methods that extract classification features from compressive samples have been recently proposed. However, these techniques require a feature extraction procedure that reorders measurements using the information embedded in the coded aperture patterns. In this paper, a method that fuses features directly from multiresolution compressive measurements is proposed for spectral image classification. More precisely, the fusion method is formulated as an inverse problem that estimates high-spatial-resolution and low-dimensional feature bands from compressive measurements. To this end, the decimation matrices that describe the compressive measurements as degraded versions of the fused features are mathematically modeled using the information embedded in the coded aperture patterns. Furthermore, we include both a sparsity-promoting and a total-variation (TV) regularization terms to the fusion problem in order to consider the correlations between neighbor pixels, and therefore, improve the accuracy of pixel-based classifiers. To solve the fusion problem, we describe an algorithm based on the accelerated variant of the alternating direction method of multipliers (accelerated-ADMM). Additionally, a classification approach that includes the developed fusion method and a multilayer neural network is introduced. Finally, the proposed approach is evaluated on three remote sensing spectral images and a set of compressive measurements captured in the laboratory. Extensive simulations show that the proposed classification approach outperforms other approaches under various performance metrics.      
### 14.AIM 2020 Challenge on Efficient Super-Resolution: Methods and Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06943.pdf)
>  This paper reviews the AIM 2020 challenge on efficient single image super-resolution with focus on the proposed solutions and results. The challenge task was to super-resolve an input image with a magnification factor x4 based on a set of prior examples of low and corresponding high resolution images. The goal is to devise a network that reduces one or several aspects such as runtime, parameter count, FLOPs, activations, and memory consumption while at least maintaining PSNR of MSRResNet. The track had 150 registered participants, and 25 teams submitted the final results. They gauge the state-of-the-art in efficient single image super-resolution.      
### 15.Machine learning and robust MPC for frequency regulation with heat pumps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06920.pdf)
>  With the increased amount of volatile renewable energy sources connected to the electricity grid, there is an increased need for frequency regulation. On the demand side, frequency regulation services can be offered by buildings that are equipped with electric heating or cooling systems, by exploiting the thermal inertia of the building. Existing approaches for tapping into this potential typically rely on a first-principles building model, which in practice can be expensive to obtain and maintain. Here, we use the thermal inertia of a buffer storage instead, reducing the model of the building to a demand forecast. By combining a control scheme based on robust Model Predictive Control, with heating demand forecasting based on Artificial Neural Networks and online correction methods, we offer frequency regulation reserves and maintain user comfort with a system comprising a heat pump and a storage tank. We improve the exploitation of the small thermal capacity of buffer storage by using affine policies on uncertain variables. These are chosen optimally in advance, and modify the planned control sequence as the values of uncertain variables are discovered. In a three day experiment with a real multi-use building we show that the scheme is able to offer reserves and track a regulation signal while meeting the heating demand of the building. In additional numerical studies, we demonstrate that using affine policies significantly decreases the cost function and increases the amount of offered reserves and we investigate the suboptimality in comparison to an omniscient control system.      
### 16.Learning a Single Model with a Wide Range of Quality Factors for JPEG Image Artifacts Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06912.pdf)
>  Lossy compression brings artifacts into the compressed image and degrades the visual quality. In recent years, many compression artifacts removal methods based on convolutional neural network (CNN) have been developed with great success. However, these methods usually train a model based on one specific value or a small range of quality factors. Obviously, if the test image's quality factor does not match to the assumed value range, then degraded performance will be resulted. With this motivation and further consideration of practical usage, a highly robust compression artifacts removal network is proposed in this paper. Our proposed network is a single model approach that can be trained for handling a wide range of quality factors while consistently delivering superior or comparable image artifacts removal performance. To demonstrate, we focus on the JPEG compression with quality factors, ranging from 1 to 60. Note that a turnkey success of our proposed network lies in the novel utilization of the quantization tables as part of the training data. Furthermore, it has two branches in parallel---i.e., the restoration branch and the global branch. The former effectively removes the local artifacts, such as ringing artifacts removal. On the other hand, the latter extracts the global features of the entire image that provides highly instrumental image quality improvement, especially effective on dealing with the global artifacts, such as blocking, color shifting. Extensive experimental results performed on color and grayscale images have clearly demonstrated the effectiveness and efficacy of our proposed single-model approach on the removal of compression artifacts from the decoded image.      
### 17.Distributed Model Predicted Control of Multi-agent Systems with Applications to Multi-vehicle Cooperation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06889.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a distributed model predicted control (DMPC) approach for consensus control of multi-agent systems (MASs) with linear agent dynamics and bounded control input constraints. Within the proposed DMPC framework, each agent exchanges assumed state trajectories with neighbors and solves a local open-loop optimization problem to obtain the optimal control input. In the optimization problem, a discrete-time consensus protocol is introduced into update law design for assumed terminal states, with which asymptotic consensus of assumed terminal states and recursive feasibility are rigorously proved. Together with the optimal cost function, an infinite series of cost-to-go functions is introduced into the design of a Lyapunov function, with which closed-loop asymptotic consensus is finally proved. Two applications including cooperation of autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) and connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) are used to validate the effectiveness of the proposed DMPC approach.      
### 18.Beyond Intelligent Reflecting Surfaces: Reflective-Transmissive Metasurface Aided Communications for Full-dimensional Coverage Extension  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06878.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study an intelligent omni-surface (IOS)-assisted downlink communication system, where the link quality of a mobile user (MU) can be improved with a proper IOS phase shift design. Unlike the intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) in most existing works that only forwards the signals in a reflective way, the IOS is capable to forward the received signals to the MU in either a reflective or a transmissive manner, thereby enhancing the wireless coverage. We formulate an IOS phase shift optimization problem to maximize the downlink spectral efficiency (SE) of the MU. The optimal phase shift of the IOS is analysed, and a branch-and-bound based algorithm is proposed to design the IOS phase shift in a finite set. Simulation results show that the IOS-assisted system can extend the coverage significantly when compared to the IRS-assisted system with only reflective signals.      
### 19.Optical Gaze Tracking with Spatially-Sparse Single-Pixel Detectors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06875.pdf)
>  Gaze tracking is an essential component of next generation displays for virtual reality and augmented reality applications. Traditional camera-based gaze trackers used in next generation displays are known to be lacking in one or multiple of the following metrics: power consumption, cost, computational complexity, estimation accuracy, latency, and form-factor. We propose the use of discrete photodiodes and light-emitting diodes (LEDs) as an alternative to traditional camera-based gaze tracking approaches while taking all of these metrics into consideration. We begin by developing a rendering-based simulation framework for understanding the relationship between light sources and a virtual model eyeball. Findings from this framework are used for the placement of LEDs and photodiodes. Our first prototype uses a neural network to obtain an average error rate of 2.67° at 400Hz while demanding only 16mW. By simplifying the implementation to using only LEDs, duplexed as light transceivers, and more minimal machine learning model, namely a light-weight supervised Gaussian process regression algorithm, we show that our second prototype is capable of an average error rate of 1.57° at 250 Hz using 800 mW.      
### 20.When Automatic Voice Disguise Meets Automatic Speaker Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06863.pdf)
>  The technique of transforming voices in order to hide the real identity of a speaker is called voice disguise, among which automatic voice disguise (AVD) by modifying the spectral and temporal characteristics of voices with miscellaneous algorithms are easily conducted with softwares accessible to the public. AVD has posed great threat to both human listening and automatic speaker verification (ASV). In this paper, we have found that ASV is not only a victim of AVD but could be a tool to beat some simple types of AVD. Firstly, three types of AVD, pitch scaling, vocal tract length normalization (VTLN) and voice conversion (VC), are introduced as representative methods. State-of-the-art ASV methods are subsequently utilized to objectively evaluate the impact of AVD on ASV by equal error rates (EER). Moreover, an approach to restore disguised voice to its original version is proposed by minimizing a function of ASV scores w.r.t. restoration parameters. Experiments are then conducted on disguised voices from Voxceleb, a dataset recorded in real-world noisy scenario. The results have shown that, for the voice disguise by pitch scaling, the proposed approach obtains an EER around 7% comparing to the 30% EER of a recently proposed baseline using the ratio of fundamental frequencies. The proposed approach generalizes well to restore the disguise with nonlinear frequency warping in VTLN by reducing its EER from 34.3% to 18.5%. However, it is difficult to restore the source speakers in VC by our approach, where more complex forms of restoration functions or other paralinguistic cues might be necessary to restore the nonlinear transform in VC. Finally, contrastive visualization on ASV features with and without restoration illustrate the role of the proposed approach in an intuitive way.      
### 21.A Satisficing Control Design Framework with Safety and Performance Guarantees for Constrained Systems under Disturbances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06859.pdf)
>  This paper presents a safe robust policy iteration (SR-PI) algorithm to design controllers with satisficing (good enough) performance and safety guarantee. This is in contrast to standard PI-based control design methods with no safety certification. It also moves away from existing safe control design approaches that perform pointwise optimization and are thus myopic. Safety assurance requires satisfying a control barrier function (CBF), which might be in conflict with the performance-driven Lyapunov solution to the Bellman equation arising in each iteration of the PI. Therefore, a new development is required to robustly certify the safety of an improved policy at each iteration of the PI. The proposed SR-PI algorithm unifies performance guarantee (provided by a Bellman inequality) with safety guarantee (provided by a robust CBF) at each iteration. The Bellman inequality resembles the satisficing decision making framework and parameterizes the sacrifice on the performance with an aspiration level when there is a conflict with safety. This aspiration level is optimized at each iteration to minimize the sacrifice on the performance. It is shown that the presented satisficing control policies obtained at each iteration of the SR-PI guarantees robust safety and performance. Robust stability is also guaranteed when there is no conflict with safety. Sum of squares (SOS) program is employed to implement the proposed SR-PI algorithm iteratively. Finally, numerical simulations are carried out to illustrate the proposed satisficing control framework.      
### 22.Energy-Efficient Multi-UAV Data Collection for IoT Networks with Time Deadlines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06838.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on energy-efficient UAV-based IoT data collection in sensor networks in which the sensed data have different time deadlines. In the investigated setting, the sensors are clustered and managed by cluster heads (CHs), and multiple UAVs are used to collect data from the CHs. The formulated problem is solved through a two-step approach. In the first step, an efficient method is proposed to determine the minimal number of CHs and their best locations. Subsequently, the minimal number of UAVs and their trajectories are obtained by solving the associated capacitated vehicle routing problem. Results show the efficiency of our proposed CHs placement method compared to baseline approaches, where bringing the CHs closer to the dockstation allows significant energy savings. Moreover, among different UAV trajectory planning algorithms, Tabu search achieves the best energy consumption. Finally, the impact of the battery capacity and time deadline are investigated in terms of consumed energy, number of visited CHs, and number of deployed UAVs.      
### 23.Compositional Models for Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06833.pdf)
>  The problem of integrating multiple overlapping models and data is pervasive in engineering, though often implicit. We consider this issue of model management in the context of the electrical power grid as it transitions towards a modern 'Smart Grid.' We present a methodology for specifying, managing, and reasoning within multiple models of distributed energy resources (DERs), entities which produce, consume, or store power, using categorical databases and symmetric monoidal categories. Considering the problem of distributing power on the grid in the presence of DERs, we show how to connect a generic problem specification with implementation-specific numerical solvers using the paradigm of categorical databases.      
### 24.Sense-Store-Send: Trajectory Optimization for a Buffer-aided Internet of UAVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06826.pdf)
>  In this letter, we study a buffer-aided Internet of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in which a UAV performs data sensing, stores the data, and sends it to the base station (BS) in cellular networks. To minimize the overall completion time for all the sensing tasks, we formulate a joint trajectory, sensing location, and sensing time optimization problem. To solve this NP-hard problem efficiently, we propose an iterative trajectory, sensing location and sensing time optimization (ITLTO) algorithm, and discuss the trade-off between sensing time and flying time. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can effectively reduce the completion time for the sensing tasks.      
### 25.Towards the Use of Re-configurable Intelligent Surfaces in VLC Systems: Beam Steering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06822.pdf)
>  The emergence of visible light communication (VLC) technology as a solution to solve radio frequency impediments, such as spectrum shortage, is continuously appealing. In addition to its large and unlicensed bandwidth, VLC provides a high level of security in a closed room with zero radio frequency interference. However, loss of the VLC signal is experienced when the receiver rotates or moves. This challenge requires a special solution for integration into portable devices. On the other hand, re-configurable intelligent surface (RIS) is a technology exploited in radio frequency to solve dead zones and loss of signal. RIS elements are characterized by tunable physico-chemical characteristics including physical depth and refractive index. In this paper, we exploit these RIS attributes to steer the incident light beam and offer the VLC receiver a large range of rotation angle while improving its signal detection capabilities. We show that instead of using convex, parabolic, or spherical lenses, adopting a meta-lens with artificial muscles or a thin-film crystal-liquid with embedded Titanium dioxide nano-disk, a VLC receiver can detect light rays at $90^o$ incidence angle with high precision and considerable improvement in the detected light intensity, even with a miniaturized single photodetector.      
### 26.Microscope Based HER2 Scoring System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06816.pdf)
>  The overexpression of human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) has been established as a therapeutic target in multiple types of cancers, such as breast and gastric cancers. Immunohistochemistry (IHC) is employed as a basic HER2 test to identify the HER2-positive, borderline, and HER2-negative patients. However, the reliability and accuracy of HER2 scoring are affected by many factors, such as pathologists' experience. Recently, artificial intelligence (AI) has been used in various disease diagnosis to improve diagnostic accuracy and reliability, but the interpretation of diagnosis results is still an open problem. In this paper, we propose a real-time HER2 scoring system, which follows the HER2 scoring guidelines to complete the diagnosis, and thus each step is explainable. Unlike the previous scoring systems based on whole-slide imaging, our HER2 scoring system is integrated into an augmented reality (AR) microscope that can feedback AI results to the pathologists while reading the slide. The pathologists can help select informative fields of view (FOVs), avoiding the confounding regions, such as DCIS. Importantly, we illustrate the intermediate results with membrane staining condition and cell classification results, making it possible to evaluate the reliability of the diagnostic results. Also, we support the interactive modification of selecting regions-of-interest, making our system more flexible in clinical practice. The collaboration of AI and pathologists can significantly improve the robustness of our system. We evaluate our system with 285 breast IHC HER2 slides, and the classification accuracy of 95\% shows the effectiveness of our HER2 scoring system.      
### 27.VRFT with ARX controller model and constrained total least squares  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06787.pdf)
>  The virtual reference feedback tuning (VRFT) is a non-iterative data-driven (DD) method employed to tune a controller's parameters aiming to achieve a prescribed closed-loop performance. In its most common formulation, the parameters of a linearly parametrized controller are estimated by solving a least squares (LS) problem, which in the presence of noise leads to a biased estimate of the controller's parameters. To eliminate this bias, an instrumental variable (IV) variant of the method is usual, at the cost of increasing significantly the estimate's variance. In the present work, we propose to apply the constrained total least squares (CTLS) solution to the VRFT problem. We formulate explicitly the VRFT solution with CTLS for controllers described by an autoregressive exogenous (ARX) model. The effectiveness of the proposed solution is illustrated by two case studies in which it is compared to the usual VRFT solutions and to another, statistically efficient, design method.      
### 28.Analysis of Random Access in NB-IoT Networks with Three Coverage Enhancement Groups: A Stochastic Geometry Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06782.pdf)
>  NarrowBand-Internet of Things (NB-IoT) is a new 3GPP radio access technology designed to provide better coverage for Low Power Wide Area (LPWA) networks. To provide reliable connections with extended coverage, a repetition transmission scheme and up to three Coverage Enhancement (CE) groups are introduced into NB-IoT during both Random Access CHannel (RACH) procedure and data transmission procedure, where each CE group is configured with different repetition values and transmission resources. To characterize the RACH performance of the NB-IoT network with three CE groups, this paper develops a novel traffic-aware spatio-temporal model to analyze the RACH success probability, where both the preamble transmission outage and the collision events of each CE group jointly determine the traffic evolution and the RACH success probability. Based on this analytical model, we derive the analytical expression for the RACH success probability of a randomly chosen IoT device in each CE group over multiple time slots with different RACH schemes, including baseline, back-off (BO), access class barring (ACB), and hybrid ACB and BO schemes (ACB&amp;BO). Our results have shown that the RACH success probabilities of the devices in three CE groups outperform that of a single CE group network but not for all the groups, which is affected by the choice of the categorizing parameters.This mathematical model and analytical framework can be applied to evaluate the performance of multiple group users of other networks with spatial separations.      
### 29.Controllable neural text-to-speech synthesis using intuitive prosodic features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06775.pdf)
>  Modern neural text-to-speech (TTS) synthesis can generate speech that is indistinguishable from natural speech. However, the prosody of generated utterances often represents the average prosodic style of the database instead of having wide prosodic variation. Moreover, the generated prosody is solely defined by the input text, which does not allow for different styles for the same sentence. In this work, we train a sequence-to-sequence neural network conditioned on acoustic speech features to learn a latent prosody space with intuitive and meaningful dimensions. Experiments show that a model conditioned on sentence-wise pitch, pitch range, phone duration, energy, and spectral tilt can effectively control each prosodic dimension and generate a wide variety of speaking styles, while maintaining similar mean opinion score (4.23) to our Tacotron baseline (4.26).      
### 30.Simultaneous Denoising and Motion Estimation for Low-dose Gated PET using a Siamese Adversarial Network with Gate-to-Gate Consistency Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06757.pdf)
>  Gating is commonly used in PET imaging to reduce respiratory motion blurring and facilitate more sophisticated motion correction methods. In the applications of low dose PET, however, reducing injection dose causes increased noise and reduces signal-to-noise ratio (SNR), subsequently corrupting the motion estimation/correction steps, causing inferior image quality. To tackle these issues, we first propose a Siamese adversarial network (SAN) that can efficiently recover high dose gated image volume from low dose gated image volume. To ensure the appearance consistency between the recovered gated volumes, we then utilize a pre-trained motion estimation network incorporated into SAN that enables the constraint of gate-to-gate (G2G) consistency. With high-quality recovered gated volumes, gate-to-gate motion vectors can be simultaneously outputted from the motion estimation network. Comprehensive evaluations on a low dose gated PET dataset of 29 subjects demonstrate that our method can effectively recover the low dose gated PET volumes, with an average PSNR of 37.16 and SSIM of 0.97, and simultaneously generate robust motion estimation that could benefit subsequent motion corrections.      
### 31.Graph-Adaptive Activation Functions for Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06723.pdf)
>  Activation functions are crucial in graph neural networks (GNNs) as they allow defining a nonlinear family of functions to capture the relationship between the input graph data and their representations. This paper proposes activation functions for GNNs that not only adapt to the graph into the nonlinearity, but are also distributable. To incorporate the feature-topology coupling into all GNN components, nodal features are nonlinearized and combined with a set of trainable parameters in a form akin to graph convolutions. The latter leads to a graph-adaptive trainable nonlinear component of the GNN that can be implemented directly or via kernel transformations, therefore, enriching the class of functions to represent the network data. Whether in the direct or kernel form, we show permutation equivariance is always preserved. We also prove the subclass of graph-adaptive max activation functions are Lipschitz stable to input perturbations. Numerical experiments with distributed source localization, finite-time consensus, distributed regression, and recommender systems corroborate our findings and show improved performance compared with pointwise as well as state-of-the-art localized nonlinearities.      
### 32.Comparisons of Fuzzy MRAS and PID Controllers for EMS Maglev Train  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06716.pdf)
>  In this paper, a Magnetic Levitation (MAGLEV) train is designed with a first degree of freedom electromagnetbased totally system that permits to levitate vertically up and down. Fuzzy logic, PID and MRAS controllers are used to improve the Magnetic Levitation train passenger comfort and road handling. A matlab Simulink model is used to compare the performance of the three controllers using step input signals. The stability of the Magnetic Levitation train is analyzed using root locus technique. Controller output response for different time period and change of air gap with different time period is analyzed for the three controllers. Finally the comparative simulation and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the presented fuzzy logic controller.      
### 33.Design and Simulation of a Steam Turbine Generator using Observer Based and LQR Controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06714.pdf)
>  Steam turbine generator is an electromechanical system which converts heat energy to electrical energy. In this paper, the modeling, design and analysis of a simple steam turbine generator have done using Matlab/Simulink Toolbox. The open loop system have been analyzed to have an efficiency of 76.92 %. Observer based &amp; linear quadratic regulator (LQR) controllers have been designed to improve the generating voltage. Comparison of this two proposed controllers have been done for increasing the performance improvement to generate a 220 Dc volt. The simulation result shows that the steam turbine generator with observer based controller has a small percentage overshoot with minimum settling time than the steam turbine generator with LQR controller and the open loop system. Finally, the steam turbine generator with observer based controller shows better improvement in performance than the steam turbine generator with LQR controller.      
### 34.Grid-forming frequency shaping control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06707.pdf)
>  As power systems transit to a state of high renewable penetration, little or no presence of synchronous generators makes the prerequisite of well-regulated frequency for grid-following inverters unrealistic. Thus, there is a trend to resort to grid-forming inverters which set frequency directly. We propose a novel grid-forming frequency shaping control that is able to shape the aggregate system frequency dynamics into a first-order one with the desired steady-state frequency deviation and Rate of Change of Frequency (RoCoF) after a sudden power imbalance. The no overshoot property resulting from the first-order dynamics allows the system frequency to monotonically move towards its new steady-state without experiencing frequency Nadir, which largely improves frequency security. We prove that our grid-forming frequency-shaping control renders the system internally stable under mild assumptions. The performance of the proposed control is verified via numerical simulations on a modified Icelandic Power Network test case.      
### 35.Safe learning-based trajectory tracking for underactuated vehicles with partially unknown dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06689.pdf)
>  Underactuated vehicles have gained much attention in the recent years due to the increasing amount of aerial and underwater vehicles as well as nanosatellites. The safe tracking control of these vehicles is a substantial aspect for an increasing range of application domains. However, external disturbances and parts of the internal dynamics are often unknown or very time-consuming to model. To overcome this issue, we present a safe tracking control law for underactuated vehicles using a learning-based oracle for the prediction of the unknown dynamics. The presented approach guarantees the boundedness of the tracking error with high probability where the bound is explicitly given. With additional assumptions, asymptotic stability is achieved. A simulation with a quadrocopter visualizes the effectiveness of the proposed control law.      
### 36.Deep Actor-Critic Learning for Distributed Power Control in Wireless Mobile Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06681.pdf)
>  Deep reinforcement learning offers a model-free alternative to supervised deep learning and classical optimization for solving the transmit power control problem in wireless networks. The multi-agent deep reinforcement learning approach considers each transmitter as an individual learning agent that determines its transmit power level by observing the local wireless environment. Following a certain policy, these agents learn to collaboratively maximize a global objective, e.g., a sum-rate utility function. This multi-agent scheme is easily scalable and practically applicable to large-scale cellular networks. In this work, we present a distributively executed continuous power control algorithm with the help of deep actor-critic learning, and more specifically, by adapting deep deterministic policy gradient. Furthermore, we integrate the proposed power control algorithm to a time-slotted system where devices are mobile and channel conditions change rapidly. We demonstrate the functionality of the proposed algorithm using simulation results.      
### 37.A Physical Model for Microstructural Characterization and Segmentation of 3D Tomography Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07218.pdf)
>  We present a novel method for characterizing the microstructure of a material from volumetric datasets such as 3D image data from computed tomography (CT). The method is based on a new statistical model for the distribution of voxel intensities and gradient magnitudes, incorporating prior knowledge about the physical nature of the imaging process. It allows for direct quantification of parameters of the imaged sample like volume fractions, interface areas and material density, and parameters related to the imaging process like image resolution and noise levels. <br>Existing methods for characterization from 3D images often require segmentation of the data, a procedure where each voxel is labeled according to the best guess of which material it represents. Through our approach, the segmentation step is circumvented so that errors and computational costs related to this part of the image processing pipeline are avoided. Instead, the material parameters are quantified through their known relation to parameters of our model which is fitted directly to the raw, unsegmented data. We present an automated model fitting procedure that gives reproducible results without human bias and enables automatic analysis of large sets of tomograms. <br>For more complex structure analysis questions, a segmentation is still beneficial. We show that our model can be used as input to existing probabilistic methods, providing a segmentation that is based on the physics of the imaged sample. Because our model accounts for mixed-material voxels stemming from blurring inherent to the imaging technique, we reduce the errors that other methods can create at interfaces between materials.      
### 38.A Self-Decoupled 32 Channel Receive Array for Human Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging at 10.5T  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07163.pdf)
>  Purpose: Receive array layout, noise mitigation and B0 field strength are crucial contributors to signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and parallel imaging performance. Here, we investigate SNR and parallel imaging gains at 10.5Tesla (T) compared to 7T using 32-channel receive arrays at both fields. Methods: A self-decoupled 32-channel receive array for human brain imaging at 10.5T (10.5T-32Rx), consisting of 31 loops and one cloverleaf element, was co-designed and built in tandem with a 16-channel dual-row loop transmitter. Novel receive array design and self-decoupling techniques were implemented. Parallel imaging performance, in terms of SNR and noise amplification (g-factor), of the 10.5T-32Rx was compared to the performance of an industry-standard 32-channel receiver at 7T (7T-32Rx) via experimental measurements using a human head shaped phantom. Results: The 10.5T-32Rx provided 67% more central SNR and 87% more peripheral SNR compared to the 7T-32Rx. Minimum inverse g-factor value of the 10.5T-32Rx (min(1/g) = 0.56) was 51% higher than that of the 7T-32Rx (min(1/g) = 0.37) with R=4x4 2D acceleration, resulting in significantly enhanced parallel imaging performance at 10.5T compared to 7T. The g-factor values of 10.5T-32Rx were on par with those of a 64-channel receiver at 7T, e.g. 1.8 versus 1.9, respectively, with R=4x4 axial acceleration. Conclusion: Experimental measurements demonstrated effective self-decoupling of the receive array as well as substantial gains in SNR and parallel imaging performance at 10.5T compared to 7T.      
### 39.Comments on "Design of momentum fractional LMS for Hammerstein nonlinear system identification with application to electrically stimulated muscle model"  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07076.pdf)
>  The purpose of this article is to discuss some aspects of the convergence analysis performed in the paper [Design of momentum fractional LMS for Hammerstein nonlinear system identification with application to electrically stimulated muscle model, Eur. Phys. J. Plus (2019) \textbf{134}: 407]. It is highlighted that the way the authors prove convergence, suffers lack of correct and valid mathematical justifications.      
### 40.Deep Transparent Prediction through Latent Representation Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07044.pdf)
>  The paper presents a novel deep learning approach, which extracts latent information from trained Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) and derives concise representations that are analyzed in an effective, unified way for prediction purposes. It is well known that DNNs are capable of analyzing complex data; however, they lack transparency in their decision making, in the sense that it is not straightforward to justify their prediction, or to visualize the features on which the decision was based. Moreover, they generally require large amounts of data in order to learn and become able to adapt to different environments. This makes their use difficult in healthcare, where trust and personalization are key issues. Transparency combined with high prediction accuracy are the targeted goals of the proposed approach. It includes both supervised DNN training and unsupervised learning of latent variables extracted from the trained DNNs. Domain Adaptation from multiple sources is also presented as an extension, where the extracted latent variable representations are used to generate predictions in other, non-annotated, environments. Successful application is illustrated through a large experimental study in various fields: prediction of Parkinson's disease from MRI and DaTScans; prediction of COVID-19 and pneumonia from CT scans and X-rays; optical character verification in retail food packaging.      
### 41.Bi-functional Shrinking and Amplifying Device Using Transformation Optics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.07005.pdf)
>  Based on transformation optics (TO), this paper uses geometric divisions and linear coordinate transformations to design shrinking-shifting - and reshaping, and amplifying-shifting - and reshaping devices. The proposed devices can reshape the sizes and locations of the wrapped-objects inside the core-region. The shrinking-shifting device shrinks the larger object into a smaller one and shifts it to different location, whereas the shrinking-reshaping device can generate a smaller-size image with different shape located at different location. In contrast to previously designed shrinking devices, the real object wrapped inside the proposed core-region and the transformed object contains the same material properties, and the location-shifting is another feature. Here, the shifting-region is located inside the physical-space boundaries to achieve the non-negative, homogeneous, and anisotropic material properties of the proposed device, which are easier for real implementations. Thus, we further verified this concept with the amplifying-shifting and -reshaping devices for visually transformation of smaller object into bigger one placed at different location and position. We also applied active scatterer to further validate the working functionality of proposed devices. In addition, the proposed devices behave like the concentrator and or rotator effect in the absence of any scatterer. Our findings highlight the role of TO, suggesting directions for future research on bi-functional devices that will be useful for shrinking and amplifying devices, illusion optics, camouflage, and object protection etc. <br>Keywords: amplifying, reshaping, shrinking, transformation optics, invisibility cloaks      
### 42.Harness the Power of DERs for Secure Communications in Electric Energy Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06975.pdf)
>  Electric energy systems are undergoing significant changes to improve system reliability and accommodate increasing power demands. The penetration of distributed energy resources (DERs) including roof-top solar panels, energy storage, electric vehicles, etc., enables the on-site generation of economically dispatchable power curtailing operational costs. The effective control of DERs requires communication between utilities and DER system operators. The communication protocols employed for DER management and control lack sophisticated cybersecurity features and can compromise power systems secure operation if malicious control commands are issued to DERs. To overcome authentication-related protocol issues, we present a bolt-on security extension that can be implemented on Distributed Network Protocol v3 (DNP3). We port an authentication framework, DERauth, into DNP3, and utilize real-time measurements from a simulated DER battery energy storage system to enhance communication security. We evaluate our framework in a testbed setup using DNP3 master and outstation devices performing secure authentication by leveraging the entropy of DERs.      
### 43.Stability of Fractional Nonlinear Systems with Mittag-Leffler Kernel and Design of State Observers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06870.pdf)
>  Atangana and Baleanu proposed a new fractional derivative with non-local and no-singular Mittag-Leffler kernel to solve some problems proposed by researchers in the field of fractional calculus. This new derivative is better to describe essential aspects of non-local dynamical systems. We present some results regarding Lyapunov stability theory, particularly the Lyapunov Direct Method for fractional-order systems modeled with Atangana-Baleanu derivatives and some significant inequalities that help to develop the theoretical analysis. As applications in control theory, some algorithms of state estimation are proposed for linear and nonlinear fractional-order systems.      
### 44.Ensemble learning of diffractive optical networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06869.pdf)
>  A plethora of research advances have emerged in the fields of optics and photonics that benefit from harnessing the power of machine learning. Specifically, there has been a revival of interest in optical computing hardware, due to its potential advantages for machine learning tasks in terms of parallelization, power efficiency and computation speed. Diffractive Deep Neural Networks (D2NNs) form such an optical computing framework, which benefits from deep learning-based design of successive diffractive layers to all-optically process information as the input light diffracts through these passive layers. D2NNs have demonstrated success in various tasks, including e.g., object classification, spectral-encoding of information, optical pulse shaping and imaging, among others. Here, we significantly improve the inference performance of diffractive optical networks using feature engineering and ensemble learning. After independently training a total of 1252 D2NNs that were diversely engineered with a variety of passive input filters, we applied a pruning algorithm to select an optimized ensemble of D2NNs that collectively improve their image classification accuracy. Through this pruning, we numerically demonstrated that ensembles of N=14 and N=30 D2NNs achieve blind testing accuracies of 61.14% and 62.13%, respectively, on the classification of CIFAR-10 test images, providing an inference improvement of &gt;16% compared to the average performance of the individual D2NNs within each ensemble. These results constitute the highest inference accuracies achieved to date by any diffractive optical neural network design on the same dataset and might provide a significant leapfrog to extend the application space of diffractive optical image classification and machine vision systems.      
### 45.Decoding Polar Codes with Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06796.pdf)
>  In this paper we address the problem of selecting factor-graph permutations of polar codes under belief propagation (BP) decoding to significantly improve the error-correction performance of the code. In particular, we formalize the factor-graph permutation selection as the multi-armed bandit problem in reinforcement learning and propose a decoder that acts like an online-learning agent that learns to select the good factor-graph permutations during the course of decoding. We use state-of-the-art algorithms for the multi-armed bandit problem and show that for a 5G polar codes of length 128 with 64 information bits, the proposed decoder has an error-correction performance gain of around 0.125 dB at the target frame error rate of 10^{-4}, when compared to the approach that randomly selects the factor-graph permutations.      
### 46.Introduction to a novel T2 relaxation analysis method SAME-ECOS: Spectrum Analysis for Multiple Exponentials via Experimental Condition Oriented Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06761.pdf)
>  We propose a novel T2 relaxation data analysis method which we have named spectrum analysis for multiple exponentials via experimental condition oriented simulation (SAME-ECOS). SAME-ECOS, which was developed based on a combination of information theory and machine learning neural network algorithms, is tailored for different MR experimental conditions, decomposing multi-exponential decay data into T2 spectra, which had been considered an ill-posed problem using conventional fitting algorithms, including the commonly used non-negative least squares (NNLS) method. Our results demonstrated that, compared with NNLS, the simulation-derived SAME-ECOS model yields much more reliable T2 spectra in a dramatically shorter time, increasing the feasibility of multi-component T2 decay analysis in clinical settings.      
### 47.Leveraging Domain Knowledge using Machine Learning for Image Compression in Internet-of-Things  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2009.06742.pdf)
>  The emergent ecosystems of intelligent edge devices in diverse Internet of Things (IoT) applications, from automatic surveillance to precision agriculture, increasingly rely on recording and processing variety of image data. Due to resource constraints, e.g., energy and communication bandwidth requirements, these applications require compressing the recorded images before transmission. For these applications, image compression commonly requires: (1) maintaining features for coarse-grain pattern recognition instead of the high-level details for human perception due to machine-to-machine communications; (2) high compression ratio that leads to improved energy and transmission efficiency; (3) large dynamic range of compression and an easy trade-off between compression factor and quality of reconstruction to accommodate a wide diversity of IoT applications as well as their time-varying energy/performance needs. To address these requirements, we propose, MAGIC, a novel machine learning (ML) guided image compression framework that judiciously sacrifices visual quality to achieve much higher compression when compared to traditional techniques, while maintaining accuracy for coarse-grained vision tasks. The central idea is to capture application-specific domain knowledge and efficiently utilize it in achieving high compression. We demonstrate that the MAGIC framework is configurable across a wide range of compression/quality and is capable of compressing beyond the standard quality factor limits of both JPEG 2000 and WebP. We perform experiments on representative IoT applications using two vision datasets and show up to 42.65x compression at similar accuracy with respect to the source. We highlight low variance in compression rate across images using our technique as compared to JPEG 2000 and WebP.      
