# ArXiv eess --Fri, 5 Aug 2022
### 1.Notions, Stability, Existence, and Robustness of Limit Cycles in Hybrid Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02785.pdf)
>  This paper deals with existence and robust stability of hybrid limit cycles for a class of hybrid systems given by the combination of continuous dynamics on a flow set and discrete dynamics on a jump set. For this purpose, the notion of Zhukovskii stability, typically stated for continuous-time systems, is extended to the hybrid systems. Necessary conditions, particularly, a condition using a forward invariance notion, for existence of hybrid limit cycles are first presented. In addition, a sufficient condition, related to Zhukovskii stability, for the existence of (or lack of) hybrid limit cycles is established. Furthermore, under mild assumptions, we show that asymptotic stability of such hybrid limit cycles is not only equivalent to asymptotic stability of a fixed point of the associated Poincaré map but also robust to perturbations. Specifically, robustness to generic perturbations, which capture state noise and unmodeled dynamics, and to inflations of the flow and jump sets are established in terms of $\mathcal{KL}$ bounds. Furthermore, results establishing relationships between the properties of a computed Poincaré map, which is necessarily affected by computational error, and the actual asymptotic stability properties of a hybrid limit cycle are proposed. In particular, it is shown that asymptotic stability of the exact Poincaré map is preserved when computed with enough precision. Several examples, including a congestion control system and spiking neurons, are presented to illustrate the notions and results throughout the paper.      
### 2.Data-driven Attention and Data-independent DCT based Global Context Modeling for Text-independent Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02778.pdf)
>  Learning an effective speaker representation is crucial for achieving reliable performance in speaker verification tasks. Speech signals are high-dimensional, long, and variable-length sequences that entail a complex hierarchical structure. Signals may contain diverse information at each time-frequency (TF) location. For example, it may be more beneficial to focus on high-energy parts for phoneme classes such as fricatives. The standard convolutional layer that operates on neighboring local regions cannot capture the complex TF global context information. In this study, a general global time-frequency context modeling framework is proposed to leverage the context information specifically for speaker representation modeling. First, a data-driven attention-based context model is introduced to capture the long-range and non-local relationship across different time-frequency locations. Second, a data-independent 2D-DCT based context model is proposed to improve model interpretability. A multi-DCT attention mechanism is presented to improve modeling power with alternate DCT base forms. Finally, the global context information is used to recalibrate salient time-frequency locations by computing the similarity between the global context and local features. The proposed lightweight blocks can be easily incorporated into a speaker model with little additional computational costs and effectively improves the speaker verification performance compared to the standard ResNet model and Squeeze\&amp;Excitation block by a large margin. Detailed ablation studies are also performed to analyze various factors that may impact performance of the proposed individual modules. Results from experiments show that the proposed global context modeling framework can efficiently improve the learned speaker representations by achieving channel-wise and time-frequency feature recalibration.      
### 3.Disentangled Representation Learning for RF Fingerprint Extraction under Unknown Channel Statistics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02724.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) applied to a device's radio-frequency fingerprint~(RFF) has attracted significant attention in physical-layer authentications due to its extraordinary classification performance. Conventional DL-RFF techniques, trained by adopting maximum likelihood estimation~(MLE), tend to overfit the channel statistics embedded in the training dataset. This restricts their practical applications as it is challenging to collect sufficient training data capturing the characteristics of all possible wireless channel environments. To address this challenge, we propose a DL framework of disentangled representation learning~(DRL) that first learns to factor the input signals into a device-relevant component and a device-irrelevant component via adversarial learning. Then, it synthesizes a set of augmented signals by shuffling these two parts within a given training dataset for training of subsequent RFF extractor. The implicit data augmentation in the proposed framework imposes a regularization on the RFF extractor to avoid the possible overfitting of device-irrelevant channel statistics, without collecting additional data from unknown channels. Experiments validate that the proposed approach, referred to as DR-RFF, outperforms conventional methods in terms of generalizability to unknown complicated propagation environments, e.g., dispersive multipath fading channels, even though all the training data are collected in a simple environment with dominated direct line-of-sight~(LoS) propagation paths.      
### 4.IT/IST/IPLeiria Response to the Call for Proposals on JPEG Pleno Point Cloud Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02716.pdf)
>  This document describes a deep learning-based point cloud geometry codec and a deep learning-based point cloud joint geometry and colour codec, submitted to the Call for Proposals on JPEG Pleno Point Cloud Coding issued in January 2022. The proposed codecs are based on recent developments in deep learning-based PC geometry coding and offer some of the key functionalities targeted by the Call for Proposals. The proposed geometry codec offers a compression efficiency that outperforms the MPEG G-PCC standard and outperforms or is competitive with the V-PCC Intra standard for the JPEG Call for Proposals test set; however, the same does not happen for the joint geometry and colour codec due to a quality saturation effect that needs to be overcome.      
### 5.Perfect Reconstruction Two-Channel Filter Banks on Arbitrary Graphs Based on an Optimization Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02631.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the construction of critically sampled perfect reconstruction two-channel filterbanks on arbitrary undirected graphs.Inspired by the design of graphQMF proposed in the literature, we propose a general ``spectral folding property'' similar to that of bipartite graphs and provide sufficient conditions for constructing perfect reconstruction filterbanks based on a general graph Fourier basis, which is not the eigenvectors of the Laplacian matrix. To obtain the desired graph Fourier basis, we need to solve a series of quadratic equality constrained quadratic optimization problems (QECQPs) which are known to be non-convex and difficult to solve. We develop an algorithm to obtain the global optimal solution within a pre-specified tolerance. Multi-resolution analysis on real-world data and synthetic data are performed to validate the effectiveness of the proposed filterbanks.      
### 6.Multi-modal volumetric concept activation to explain detection and classification of metastatic prostate cancer on PSMA-PET/CT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02555.pdf)
>  Explainable artificial intelligence (XAI) is increasingly used to analyze the behavior of neural networks. Concept activation uses human-interpretable concepts to explain neural network behavior. This study aimed at assessing the feasibility of regression concept activation to explain detection and classification of multi-modal volumetric data. <br>Proof-of-concept was demonstrated in metastatic prostate cancer patients imaged with positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT). Multi-modal volumetric concept activation was used to provide global and local explanations. <br>Sensitivity was 80% at 1.78 false positive per patient. Global explanations showed that detection focused on CT for anatomical location and on PET for its confidence in the detection. Local explanations showed promise to aid in distinguishing true positives from false positives. Hence, this study demonstrated feasibility to explain detection and classification of multi-modal volumetric data using regression concept activation.      
### 7.Scalable Video Coding for Humans and Machines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02512.pdf)
>  Video content is watched not only by humans, but increasingly also by machines. For example, machine learning models analyze surveillance video for security and traffic monitoring, search through YouTube videos for inappropriate content, and so on. In this paper, we propose a scalable video coding framework that supports machine vision (specifically, object detection) through its base layer bitstream and human vision via its enhancement layer bitstream. The proposed framework includes components from both conventional and Deep Neural Network (DNN)-based video coding. The results show that on object detection, the proposed framework achieves 13-19% bit savings compared to state-of-the-art video codecs, while remaining competitive in terms of MS-SSIM on the human vision task.      
### 8.Adaptation Strategy for a Distributed Autonomous UAV Formation in Case of Aircraft Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02502.pdf)
>  Controlling a distributed autonomous unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) formation is usually considered in the context of recovering the connectivity graph should a single UAV agent be lost. At the same time, little focus is made on how such loss affects the dynamics of the formation as a system. To compensate for the negative effects, we propose an adaptation algorithm that reduces the increasing interaction between the UAV agents that remain in the formation. This algorithm enables the autonomous system to adjust to the new equilibrium state. The algorithm has been tested by computer simulation on full nonlinear UAV models. Simulation results prove the negative effect (the increased final cruising speed of the formation) to be completely eliminated.      
### 9.Attitude Tracking for Rigid Bodies Using Vector and Biased Gyro Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02437.pdf)
>  The rigid-body attitude tracking using vector and biased gyro measurements with unknown inertia matrix is studied in this note. First, a gyro-bias observer with global exponential stability is designed. Then, an attitude tracking controller based on this observer is devised, ensuring almost global asymptotic stability and almost semiglobal exponential stability. A separation property of the combined observer-controller is proved. Lastly, an adaptive attitude tracking controller relying on a modified gyro-bias observer and with no over-parametrization is developed to deal with the unknown inertia matrix. The proposed control schemes require neither an explicit attitude representation nor any attitude estimation, but only the measurement of at least two non-collinear known inertial reference vectors and biased gyro rate, which can be obtained by common low-cost IMU sensors. Simulations are included to illustrate the proposed adaptive controller under noisy measurements.      
### 10.Constellation-Oriented Perturbation for Scalable-Complexity MIMO Nonlinear Precoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02418.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel nonlinear precoding (NLP) technique, namely constellation-oriented perturbation (COP), is proposed to tackle the scalability problem inherent in conventional NLP techniques. The basic concept of COP is to apply vector perturbation (VP) in the constellation domain instead of symbol domain; as often used in conventional techniques. By this means, the computational complexity of COP is made independent to the size of multi-antenna (i.e., MIMO) networks. Instead, it is related to the size of symbol constellation. Through widely linear transform, it is shown that COP has its complexity flexibly scalable in the constellation domain to achieve a good complexity-performance tradeoff. Our computer simulations show that COP can offer very comparable performance with the optimum VP in small MIMO systems. Moreover, it significantly outperforms current sub-optimum VP approaches (such as degree-2 VP) in large MIMO whilst maintaining much lower computational complexity.      
### 11.Power Allocation for FDMA-URLLC Downlink with Random Channel Assignment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02413.pdf)
>  Concerning ultra-reliable low-latency communication (URLLC) for the downlink operating in the frequency-division multiple-access with random channel assignment, a lightweight power allocation approach is proposed to maximize the number of URLLC users subject to transmit-power and individual user-reliability constraints. Provided perfect channel-state-information at the transmitter (CSIT), the proposed approach is proven to ensure maximized URLLC users. Assuming imperfect CSIT, the proposed approach still aims to maximize the URLLC users without compromising the individual user reliability by using a pessimistic evaluation of the channel gain. It is demonstrated, through numerical results, that the proposed approach can significantly improve the user capacity and the transmit-power efficiency in Rayleigh fading channels. With imperfect CSIT, the proposed approach can still provide remarkable user capacity at limited cost of transmit-power efficiency.      
### 12.Domestic Activity Clustering from Audio via Depthwise Separable Convolutional Autoencoder Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02406.pdf)
>  Automatic estimation of domestic activities from audio can be used to solve many problems, such as reducing the labor cost for nursing the elderly people. This study focuses on solving the problem of domestic activity clustering from audio. The target of domestic activity clustering is to cluster audio clips which belong to the same category of domestic activity into one cluster in an unsupervised way. In this paper, we propose a method of domestic activity clustering using a depthwise separable convolutional autoencoder network. In the proposed method, initial embeddings are learned by the depthwise separable convolutional autoencoder, and a clustering-oriented loss is designed to jointly optimize embedding refinement and cluster assignment. Different methods are evaluated on a public dataset (a derivative of the SINS dataset) used in the challenge on Detection and Classification of Acoustic Scenes and Events (DCASE) in 2018. Our method obtains the normalized mutual information (NMI) score of 54.46%, and the clustering accuracy (CA) score of 63.64%, and outperforms state-of-the-art methods in terms of NMI and CA. In addition, both computational complexity and memory requirement of our method is lower than that of previous deep-model-based methods. Codes: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/vinceasvp/domestic-activity-clustering-from-audio" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 13.Transformer Convolutional Neural Networks for Automated Artifact Detection in Scalp EEG  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02405.pdf)
>  It is well known that electroencephalograms (EEGs) often contain artifacts due to muscle activity, eye blinks, and various other causes. Detecting such artifacts is an essential first step toward a correct interpretation of EEGs. Although much effort has been devoted to semi-automated and automated artifact detection in EEG, the problem of artifact detection remains challenging. In this paper, we propose a convolutional neural network (CNN) enhanced by transformers using belief matching (BM) loss for automated detection of five types of artifacts: chewing, electrode pop, eye movement, muscle, and shiver. Specifically, we apply these five detectors at individual EEG channels to distinguish artifacts from background EEG. Next, for each of these five types of artifacts, we combine the output of these channel-wise detectors to detect artifacts in multi-channel EEG segments. These segment-level classifiers can detect specific artifacts with a balanced accuracy (BAC) of 0.947, 0.735, 0.826, 0.857, and 0.655 for chewing, electrode pop, eye movement, muscle, and shiver artifacts, respectively. Finally, we combine the outputs of the five segment-level detectors to perform a combined binary classification (any artifact vs. background). The resulting detector achieves a sensitivity (SEN) of 60.4%, 51.8%, and 35.5%, at a specificity (SPE) of 95%, 97%, and 99%, respectively. This artifact detection module can reject artifact segments while only removing a small fraction of the background EEG, leading to a cleaner EEG for further analysis.      
### 14.Optimal Control of Legged-Robots Subject to Friction Cone Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02393.pdf)
>  A hierarchical control architecture is presented for energy-efficient control of legged robots subject to variety of linear/nonlinear inequality constraints such as Coulomb friction cones, switching unilateral contacts, actuator saturation limits, and yet minimizing the power losses in the joint actuators. The control formulation can incorporate the nonlinear friction cone constraints into the control without recourse to the common linear approximation of the constraints or introduction of slack variables. A performance metric is introduced that allows trading-off the multiple constraints when otherwise finding an optimal solution is not feasible. Moreover, the projection-based controller does not require the minimal-order dynamics model and hence allows switching contacts that is particularly appealing for legged robots. The fundamental properties of constrained inertia matrix derived are similar to those of general inertia matrix of the system and subsequently these properties are greatly exploited for control design purposes. The problem of task space control with minimum (point-wise) power dissipation subject to all physical constraints is transcribed into a quadratically constrained quadratic programming (QCQP) that can be solved by barrier methods.      
### 15.Spatio-Temporal U-Net for Cerebral Artery and Vein Segmentation in Digital Subtraction Angiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02355.pdf)
>  X-ray digital subtraction angiography (DSA) is widely used for vessel and/or flow visualization and interventional guidance during endovascular treatment of patients with a stroke or aneurysm. To assist in peri-operative decision making as well as post-operative prognosis, automatic DSA analysis algorithms are being developed to obtain relevant image-based information. Such analyses include detection of vascular disease, evaluation of perfusion based on time intensity curves (TIC), and quantitative biomarker extraction for automated treatment evaluation in endovascular thrombectomy. Methodologically, such vessel-based analysis tasks may be facilitated by automatic and accurate artery-vein segmentation algorithms. The present work describes to the best of our knowledge the first study that addresses automatic artery-vein segmentation in DSA using deep learning. We propose a novel spatio-temporal U-Net (ST U-Net) architecture which integrates convolutional gated recurrent units (ConvGRU) in the contracting branch of U-Net. The network encodes a 2D+t DSA series of variable length and decodes it into a 2D segmentation image. On a multi-center routinely acquired dataset, the proposed method significantly outperformed U-Net (P&lt;0.001) and traditional Frangi-based K-means clustering (P$&lt;$0.001). Particularly in artery-vein segmentation, ST U-Net achieved a Dice coefficient of 0.794, surpassing the existing state-of-the-art methods by a margin of 12\%-20\%. Code will be made publicly available upon acceptance.      
### 16.Differentiable Predictive Control with Safety Guarantees: A Control Barrier Function Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02319.pdf)
>  We develop a novel form of differentiable predictive control (DPC) with safety and robustness guarantees based on control barrier functions. DPC is an unsupervised learning-based method for obtaining approximate solutions to explicit model predictive control (MPC) problems. In DPC, the predictive control policy parametrized by a neural network is optimized offline via direct policy gradients obtained by automatic differentiation of the MPC problem. The proposed approach exploits a new form of sampled-data barrier function to enforce offline and online safety requirements in DPC settings while only interrupting the neural network-based controller near the boundary of the safe set. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is demonstrated in simulation.      
### 17.A Cooperative Perception Environment for Traffic Operations and Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02792.pdf)
>  Existing data collection methods for traffic operations and control usually rely on infrastructure-based loop detectors or probe vehicle trajectories. Connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) not only can report data about themselves but also can provide the status of all detected surrounding vehicles. Integration of perception data from multiple CAVs as well as infrastructure sensors (e.g., LiDAR) can provide richer information even under a very low penetration rate. This paper aims to develop a cooperative data collection system, which integrates Lidar point cloud data from both infrastructure and CAVs to create a cooperative perception environment for various transportation applications. The state-of-the-art 3D detection models are applied to detect vehicles in the merged point cloud. We test the proposed cooperative perception environment with the max pressure adaptive signal control model in a co-simulation platform with CARLA and SUMO. Results show that very low penetration rates of CAV plus an infrastructure sensor are sufficient to achieve comparable performance with 30% or higher penetration rates of connected vehicles (CV). We also show the equivalent CV penetration rate (E-CVPR) under different CAV penetration rates to demonstrate the data collection efficiency of the cooperative perception environment.      
### 18.Keyword Spotting System and Evaluation of Pruning and Quantization Methods on Low-power Edge Microcontrollers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02765.pdf)
>  Keyword spotting (KWS) is beneficial for voice-based user interactions with low-power devices at the edge. The edge devices are usually always-on, so edge computing brings bandwidth savings and privacy protection. The devices typically have limited memory spaces, computational performances, power and costs, for example, Cortex-M based microcontrollers. The challenge is to meet the high computation and low-latency requirements of deep learning on these devices. This paper firstly shows our small-footprint KWS system running on STM32F7 microcontroller with Cortex-M7 core @216MHz and 512KB static RAM. Our selected convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture has simplified number of operations for KWS to meet the constraint of edge devices. Our baseline system generates classification results for each 37ms including real-time audio feature extraction part. This paper further evaluates the actual performance for different pruning and quantization methods on microcontroller, including different granularity of sparsity, skipping zero weights, weight-prioritized loop order, and SIMD instruction. The result shows that for microcontrollers, there are considerable challenges for accelerate unstructured pruned models, and the structured pruning is more friendly than unstructured pruning. The result also verified that the performance improvement for quantization and SIMD instruction.      
### 19.Relict landslide detection in rainforest areas using a combination of k-means clustering algorithm and Deep-Learning semantic segmentation models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02693.pdf)
>  Landslides are destructive and recurrent natural disasters on steep slopes and represent a risk to lives and properties. Knowledge of relict landslides' location is vital to understand their mechanisms, update inventory maps and improve risk assessment. However, relict landslide mapping is complex in tropical regions covered with rainforest vegetation. A new CNN approach is proposed for semi-automatic detection of relict landslides, which uses a dataset generated by a k-means clustering algorithm and has a pre-training step. The weights computed in the pre-training are used to fine-tune the CNN training process. A comparison between the proposed and standard approaches is performed using CBERS-4A WPM images. Three CNNs for semantic segmentation are used (U-Net, FPN, Linknet) with two augmented datasets. A total of 42 combinations of CNNs are tested. Values of precision and recall were very similar between the combinations tested. Recall was higher than 75\% for every combination, but precision values were usually smaller than 20\%. False positives (FP) samples were addressed as the cause for these low precision values. Predictions of the proposed approach were more accurate and correctly detected more landslides. This work demonstrates that there are limitations for detecting relict landslides in areas covered with rainforest, mainly related to similarities between the spectral response of pastures and deforested areas with \textit{Gleichenella sp.} ferns, commonly used as an indicator of landslide scars.      
### 20.UAV Communications in Integrated Terrestrial and Non-terrestrial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02683.pdf)
>  With growing interest in integrating terrestrial networks (TNs) and non-terrestrial networks (NTNs) to connect the unconnected, a key question is whether this new paradigm could also be opportunistically exploited to augment service in urban areas. We assess this possibility in the context of an integrated TN-NTN, comprising a ground cellular deployment paired with a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite constellation, providing sub-6 GHz connectivity to an urban area populated by ground users (GUEs) and uncrewed aerial vehicles (UAVs). Our study reveals that offloading UAV traffic to the NTN segment drastically reduces the downlink outage of UAVs from 70% to nearly zero, also boosting their uplink signal quality as long as the LEO satellite constellation is sufficiently dense to guarantee a minimum elevation angle. Offloading UAVs to the NTN also benefits coexisting GUEs, preventing uplink outages of around 12% that GUEs would otherwise incur. Despite the limited bandwidth available below 6 GHz, NTN-offloaded UAVs meet command and control rate requirements even across an area the size of Barcelona with as many as one active UAV per cell. Smaller UAV populations yield proportionally higher rates, potentially enabling aerial broadband applications.      
### 21.Impact Makes a Sound and Sound Makes an Impact: Sound Guides Representations and Explorations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02680.pdf)
>  Sound is one of the most informative and abundant modalities in the real world while being robust to sense without contacts by small and cheap sensors that can be placed on mobile devices. Although deep learning is capable of extracting information from multiple sensory inputs, there has been little use of sound for the control and learning of robotic actions. For unsupervised reinforcement learning, an agent is expected to actively collect experiences and jointly learn representations and policies in a self-supervised way. We build realistic robotic manipulation scenarios with physics-based sound simulation and propose the Intrinsic Sound Curiosity Module (ISCM). The ISCM provides feedback to a reinforcement learner to learn robust representations and to reward a more efficient exploration behavior. We perform experiments with sound enabled during pre-training and disabled during adaptation, and show that representations learned by ISCM outperform the ones by vision-only baselines and pre-trained policies can accelerate the learning process when applied to downstream tasks.      
### 22.Visually Evaluating Generative Adversarial Networks Using Itself under Multivariate Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02649.pdf)
>  Visually evaluating the goodness of generated Multivariate Time Series (MTS) are difficult to implement, especially in the case that the generative model is Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We present a general framework named Gaussian GANs to visually evaluate GANs using itself under the MTS generation task. Firstly, we attempt to find the transformation function in the multivariate Kolmogorov Smirnov (MKS) test by explicitly reconstructing the architecture of GANs. Secondly, we conduct the normality test of transformed MST where the Gaussian GANs serves as the transformation function in the MKS test. In order to simplify the normality test, an efficient visualization is proposed using the chi square distribution. In the experiment, we use the UniMiB dataset and provide empirical evidence showing that the normality test using Gaussian GANs and chi sqaure visualization is effective and credible.      
### 23.A Sequential MUSIC algorithm for Scatterers Detection 2 in SAR Tomography Enhanced by a Robust Covariance 3 Estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02644.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture radar (SAR) tomography (TomoSAR) is an appealing tool for the extraction of height information of urban infrastructures. Due to the widespread applications of the MUSIC algorithm in source localization, it is a suitable solution in TomoSAR when multiple snapshots (looks) are available. While the classical MUSIC algorithm aims to estimate the whole reflectivity profile of scatterers, sequential MUSIC algorithms are suited for the detection of sparse point-like scatterers. In this class of methods, successive cancellation is performed through orthogonal complement projections on the MUSIC power spectrum. In this work, a new sequential MUSIC algorithm named recursive covariance canceled MUSIC (RCC-MUSIC), is proposed. This method brings higher accuracy in comparison with the previous sequential methods at the cost of a negligible increase in computational cost. Furthermore, to improve the performance of RCC-MUSIC, it is combined with the recent method of covariance matrix estimation called correlation subspace. Utilizing the correlation subspace method results in a denoised covariance matrix which in turn, increases the accuracy of subspace-based methods. Several numerical examples are presented to compare the performance of the proposed method with the relevant state-of-the-art methods. As a subspace method, simulation results demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed method in terms of estimation accuracy and computational load.      
### 24.Decoherence quantification through commutation relations decay for open quantum harmonic oscillators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02534.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with multimode open quantum harmonic oscillators (OQHOs), described by linear quantum stochastic differential equations with multichannel external bosonic fields. We consider the exponentially fast decay in the two-point commutator matrix of the system variables as a manifestation of quantum decoherence. Such dissipative effects are caused by the interaction of the system with its environment and lead to a loss of specific features of the unitary evolution which the system would have in the case of isolated dynamics. These features are exploited as nonclassical resources in quantum computation and quantum information processing technologies. A system-theoretic definition of decoherence time in terms of the commutator matrix decay is discussed, and an upper bound for it is provided using algebraic Lyapunov inequalities. Employing spectrum perturbation techniques, we investigate the asymptotic behaviour of a related Lyapunov exponent for the oscillator when the system-field coupling is specified by a small coupling strength parameter and a given coupling shape matrix. The invariant quantum state of the system, driven by vacuum fields, in the weak-coupling limit is also studied. We illustrate the results for one- and two-mode oscillators with multichannel external fields and outline their application to a decoherence control problem for a feedback interconnection of OQHOs.      
### 25.IPDAE: Improved Patch-Based Deep Autoencoder for Lossy Point Cloud Geometry Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02519.pdf)
>  Point cloud is a crucial representation of 3D contents, which has been widely used in many areas such as virtual reality, mixed reality, autonomous driving, etc. With the boost of the number of points in the data, how to efficiently compress point cloud becomes a challenging problem. In this paper, we propose a set of significant improvements to patch-based point cloud compression, i.e., a learnable context model for entropy coding, octree coding for sampling centroid points, and an integrated compression and training process. In addition, we propose an adversarial network to improve the uniformity of points during reconstruction. Our experiments show that the improved patch-based autoencoder outperforms the state-of-the-art in terms of rate-distortion performance, on both sparse and large-scale point clouds. More importantly, our method can maintain a short compression time while ensuring the reconstruction quality.      
### 26."Yeah, it does have a...Windows `98 Vibe'': Usability Study of Security Features in Programmable Logic Controllers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02500.pdf)
>  Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) drive industrial processes critical to society, e.g., water treatment and distribution, electricity and fuel networks. Search engines (e.g., Shodan) have highlighted that Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs) are often left exposed to the Internet, one of the main reasons being the misconfigurations of security settings. This leads to the question -- why do these misconfigurations occur and, specifically, whether usability of security controls plays a part? To date, the usability of configuring PLC security mechanisms has not been studied. We present the first investigation through a task-based study and subsequent semi-structured interviews (N=19). We explore the usability of PLC connection configurations and two key security mechanisms (i.e., access levels and user administration). We find that the use of unfamiliar labels, layouts and misleading terminology exacerbates an already complex process of configuring security mechanisms. Our results uncover various (mis-) perceptions about the security controls and how design constraints, e.g., safety and lack of regular updates (due to long term nature of such systems), provide significant challenges to realization of modern HCI and usability principles. Based on these findings, we provide design recommendations to bring usable security in industrial settings at par with its IT counterpart.      
### 27.Tokyo Kion-On: Query-Based Generative Sonification of Atmospheric Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02494.pdf)
>  Amid growing environmental concerns, interactive displays of data constitute an important tool for exploring and understanding the impact of climate change on the planet's ecosystemic integrity. This paper presents Tokyo kion-on, a query-based sonification model of Tokyo's air temperature from 1876 to 2021. The system uses a recurrent neural network architecture known as LSTM with attention trained on a small dataset of Japanese melodies and conditioned upon said atmospheric data. After describing the model's implementation, a brief comparative illustration of the musical results is presented, along with a discussion on how the exposed hyper-parameters can promote active and non-linear exploration of the data.      
### 28.On the Feasibility of Out-of-Band Spatial Channel Information for Millimeter-Wave Beam Search  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02480.pdf)
>  The rollout of millimeter-wave (mmWave) cellular network enables us to realize the full potential of 5G/6G with vastly improved throughput and ultra-low latency. MmWave communication relies on highly directional transmission, which significantly increase the training overhead for fine beam alignment. The concept of using out-of-band spatial information to aid mmWave beam search is developed when multi-band systems operating in parallel. The feasibility of leveraging low-band channel information for coarse estimation of high-band beam directions strongly depends on the spatial congruence between two frequency bands. In this paper, we try to provide insights into the answers of two important questions. First, how similar is the power angular spectra (PAS) of radio channels between two well-separated frequency bands? Then, what is the impact of practical system configurations on spatial channel similarity? Specifically, the beam direction-based metric is proposed to measure the power loss and number of false directions if out-of-band spatial information is used instead of in-band information. This metric is more practical and useful than comparing normalized PAS directly. Point cloud ray-tracing and measurement results across multiple frequency bands and environments show that the degree of spatial similarity of beamformed channels is related to antenna beamwidth, frequency gap, and radio link conditions.      
### 29.Radar Imaging Based on IEEE 802.11ad Waveform in V2I Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02473.pdf)
>  Since most of vehicular radar systems are already exploiting millimeter-wave (mmWave) spectra, it would become much more feasible to implement a joint radar and communication system by extending communication frequencies into the mmWave band. In this paper, an IEEE 802.11ad waveform-based radar imaging technique is proposed for vehicular settings. A roadside unit (RSU) transmits the IEEE 802.11ad waveform to a vehicle for communications while the RSU also listens to the echoes of transmitted waveform to perform inverse synthetic aperture radar (ISAR) imaging. To obtain high-resolution images of the vehicle, the RSU needs to accurately estimate round-trip delays, Doppler shifts, and velocity of vehicle. The proposed ISAR imaging first estimates the round-trip delays using a good correlation property of Golay complementary sequences in the IEEE 802.11ad preamble. The Doppler shifts are then obtained using least square estimation from the echo signals and refined to compensate phase wrapping caused by phase rotation. The velocity of vehicle is determined using an equation of motion and the estimated Doppler shifts. Simulation results verify that the proposed technique is able to form high-resolution ISAR images from point scatterer models of realistic vehicular settings with different viewpoints. The proposed ISAR imaging technique can be used for various vehicular applications, e.g., traffic condition analyses or advanced collision warning systems.      
### 30.Linear MIMO Precoders Design for Finite Alphabet Inputs via Model-Free Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02466.pdf)
>  This paper investigates a novel method for designing linear precoders with finite alphabet inputs based on autoencoders (AE) without the knowledge of the channel model. By model-free training of the autoencoder in a multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) system, the proposed method can effectively solve the optimization problem to design the precoders that maximize the mutual information between the channel inputs and outputs, when only the input-output information of the channel can be observed. Specifically, the proposed method regards the receiver and the precoder as two independent parameterized functions in the AE and alternately trains them using the exact and approximated gradient, respectively. Compared with previous precoders design methods, it alleviates the limitation of requiring the explicit channel model to be known. Simulation results show that the proposed method works as well as those methods under known channel models in terms of maximizing the mutual information and reducing the bit error rate.      
### 31.Exploring the Role of Emotion Regulation Difficulties in the Assessment of Mental Disorders  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02463.pdf)
>  Several studies have been reported in the literature for the automatic detection of mental disorders. It is reported that mental disorders are highly correlated. The exploration of this fact for the automatic detection of mental disorders is yet to explore. Emotion regulation difficulties (ERD) characterize several mental disorders. Motivated by that, we investigated the use of ERD for the detection of two opted mental disorders in this study. For this, we have collected audio-video data of human subjects while conversing with a computer agent based on a specific questionnaire. Subsequently, a subject's responses are collected to obtain the ground truths of the audio-video data of that subject. The results indicate that the ERD can be used as an intermediate representation of audio-video data for detecting mental disorders.      
### 32.Multi-scale Sampling and Aggregation Network For High Dynamic Range Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02448.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) imaging is a fundamental problem in image processing, which aims to generate well-exposed images, even in the presence of varying illumination in the scenes. In recent years, multi-exposure fusion methods have achieved remarkable results, which merge multiple low dynamic range (LDR) images, captured with different exposures, to generate corresponding HDR images. However, synthesizing HDR images in dynamic scenes is still challenging and in high demand. There are two challenges in producing HDR images: 1). Object motion between LDR images can easily cause undesirable ghosting artifacts in the generated results. 2). Under and overexposed regions often contain distorted image content, because of insufficient compensation for these regions in the merging stage. In this paper, we propose a multi-scale sampling and aggregation network for HDR imaging in dynamic scenes. To effectively alleviate the problems caused by small and large motions, our method implicitly aligns LDR images by sampling and aggregating high-correspondence features in a coarse-to-fine manner. Furthermore, we propose a densely connected network based on discrete wavelet transform for performance improvement, which decomposes the input into several non-overlapping frequency subbands and adaptively performs compensation in the wavelet domain. Experiments show that our proposed method can achieve state-of-the-art performances under diverse scenes, compared to other promising HDR imaging methods. In addition, the HDR images generated by our method contain cleaner and more detailed content, with fewer distortions, leading to better visual quality.      
### 33.DL-DRL: A double-layer deep reinforcement learning approach for large-scale task scheduling of multi-UAV  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02447.pdf)
>  This paper studies deep reinforcement learning (DRL) for the task scheduling problem of multiple unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). Current approaches generally use exact and heuristic algorithms to solve the problem, while the computation time rapidly increases as the task scale grows and heuristic rules need manual design. As a self-learning method, DRL can obtain a high-quality solution quickly without hand-engineered rules. However, the huge decision space makes the training of DRL models becomes unstable in situations with large-scale tasks. In this work, to address the large-scale problem, we develop a divide and conquer-based framework (DCF) to decouple the original problem into a task allocation and a UAV route planning subproblems, which are solved in the upper and lower layers, respectively. Based on DCF, a double-layer deep reinforcement learning approach (DL-DRL) is proposed, where an upper-layer DRL model is designed to allocate tasks to appropriate UAVs and a lower-layer DRL model [i.e., the widely used attention model (AM)] is applied to generate viable UAV routes. Since the upper-layer model determines the input data distribution of the lower-layer model, and its reward is calculated via the lower-layer model during training, we develop an interactive training strategy (ITS), where the whole training process consists of pre-training, intensive training, and alternate training processes. Experimental results show that our DL-DRL outperforms mainstream learning-based and most traditional methods, and is competitive with the state-of-the-art heuristic method [i.e., OR-Tools], especially on large-scale problems. The great generalizability of DL-DRL is also verified by testing the model learned for a problem size to larger ones. Furthermore, an ablation study demonstrates that our ITS can reach a compromise between the model performance and training duration.      
### 34.MPPI-IPDDP: Hybrid Method of Collision-Free Smooth Trajectory Generation for Autonomous Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02439.pdf)
>  This study presents a hybrid trajectory optimization method that generates a collision-free smooth trajectory for autonomous mobile robots. The hybrid method combines sampling-based model predictive path integral (MPPI) control and gradient-based interior-point differential dynamic programming (IPDDP) exploiting their advantages of exploration and smoothing. The proposed method, called MPPI-IPDDP, consists of three steps. The first step generates a coarse trajectory by MPPI control, the second step constructs a collision-free convex corridor, and the third step smooths the coarse trajectory by IPDDP using the collision-free convex corridor computed in the second step. For demonstration, the proposed algorithm was applied to trajectory optimization for differential-driving wheeled mobile robots and point-mass quadrotors. A supplementary video of the simulations can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/-oUAt5sd9Bk" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 35.POMDP-based Handoffs for User-Centric Cell-Free MIMO Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02384.pdf)
>  We propose to control handoffs (HOs) in user-centric cell-free massive MIMO networks through a partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP) with the state space representing the discrete versions of the large-scale fading (LSF) and the action space representing the association decisions of the user with the access points. Our proposed formulation accounts for the temporal evolution and the partial observability of the channel states. This allows us to consider future rewards when performing HO decisions, and hence obtain a robust HO policy. To alleviate the high complexity of solving our POMDP, we follow a divide-and-conquer approach by breaking down the POMDP formulation into sub-problems, each solved individually. Then, the policy and the candidate cluster of access points for the best solved sub-problem is used to perform HOs within a specific time horizon. We control the number of HOs by determining when to use the HO policy. Our simulation results show that our proposed solution reduces HOs by 47% compared to time-triggered LSF-based HOs and by 70% compared to data rate threshold-triggered LSF-based HOs. This amount can be further reduced through increasing the time horizon of the POMDP.      
### 36.A Multibranch Convolutional Neural Network for Hyperspectral Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02361.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral unmixing remains one of the most challenging tasks in the analysis of such data. Deep learning has been blooming in the field and proved to outperform other classic unmixing techniques, and can be effectively deployed onboard Earth observation satellites equipped with hyperspectral imagers. In this letter, we follow this research pathway and propose a multi-branch convolutional neural network that benefits from fusing spectral, spatial, and spectral-spatial features in the unmixing process. The results of our experiments, backed up with the ablation study, revealed that our techniques outperform others from the literature and lead to higher-quality fractional abundance estimation. Also, we investigated the influence of reducing the training sets on the capabilities of all algorithms and their robustness against noise, as capturing large and representative ground-truth sets is time-consuming and costly in practice, especially in emerging Earth observation scenarios.      
### 37.Graph Neural Networks Extract High-Resolution Cultivated Land Maps from Sentinel-2 Image Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02349.pdf)
>  Maintaining farm sustainability through optimizing the agricultural management practices helps build more planet-friendly environment. The emerging satellite missions can acquire multi- and hyperspectral imagery which captures more detailed spectral information concerning the scanned area, hence allows us to benefit from subtle spectral features during the analysis process in agricultural applications. We introduce an approach for extracting 2.5 m cultivated land maps from 10 m Sentinel-2 multispectral image series which benefits from a compact graph convolutional neural network. The experiments indicate that our models not only outperform classical and deep machine learning techniques through delivering higher-quality segmentation maps, but also dramatically reduce the memory footprint when compared to U-Nets (almost 8k trainable parameters of our models, with up to 31M parameters of U-Nets). Such memory frugality is pivotal in the missions which allow us to uplink a model to the AI-powered satellite once it is in orbit, as sending large nets is impossible due to the time constraints.      
### 38.Estimating Visual Information From Audio Through Manifold Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02337.pdf)
>  We propose a new framework for extracting visual information about a scene only using audio signals. Audio-based methods can overcome some of the limitations of vision-based methods i.e., they do not require "line-of-sight", are robust to occlusions and changes in illumination, and can function as a backup in case vision/lidar sensors fail. Therefore, audio-based methods can be useful even for applications in which only visual information is of interest Our framework is based on Manifold Learning and consists of two steps. First, we train a Vector-Quantized Variational Auto-Encoder to learn the data manifold of the particular visual modality we are interested in. Second, we train an Audio Transformation network to map multi-channel audio signals to the latent representation of the corresponding visual sample. We show that our method is able to produce meaningful images from audio using a publicly available audio/visual dataset. In particular, we consider the prediction of the following visual modalities from audio: depth and semantic segmentation. We hope the findings of our work can facilitate further research in visual information extraction from audio. Code is available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ubc-vision/audio_manifold" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.Subspace identification of low-dimensional Structural-Thermal-Optical-Performance (STOP) models of reflective optics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02333.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the feasibility of using subspace system identification techniques for estimating transient Structural-Thermal-Optical Performance (STOP) models of reflective optics. As a test case, we use a Newtonian telescope structure. This work is motivated by the need for the development of model-based data-driven techniques for prediction, estimation, and control of thermal effects and thermally-induced wavefront aberrations in optical systems, such as ground and space telescopes, optical instruments operating in harsh environments, optical lithography machines, and optical components of high-power laser systems. We estimate and validate a state-space model of a transient STOP dynamics. First, we model the system in COMSOL Multiphysics. Then, we use LiveLink for MATLAB software module to export the wavefront aberrations data from COMSOL to MATLAB. This data is used to test the subspace identification method that is implemented in Python. One of the main challenges in modeling and estimation of STOP models is that they are inherently large-dimensional. The large-scale nature of STOP models originates from the coupling of optical, thermal, and structural phenomena and physical processes. Our results show that large-dimensional STOP dynamics of the considered optical system can be accurately estimated by low-dimensional state-space models. Due to their low-dimensional nature and state-space forms, these models can effectively be used for the prediction, estimation, and control of thermally-induced wavefront aberrations. The developed MATLAB, COMSOL, and Python codes are available online.      
### 40.Towards Generating Large Synthetic Phytoplankton Datasets for Efficient Monitoring of Harmful Algal Blooms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02332.pdf)
>  Climate change is increasing the frequency and severity of harmful algal blooms (HABs), which cause significant fish deaths in aquaculture farms. This contributes to ocean pollution and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions since dead fish are either dumped into the ocean or taken to landfills, which in turn negatively impacts the climate. Currently, the standard method to enumerate harmful algae and other phytoplankton is to manually observe and count them under a microscope. This is a time-consuming, tedious and error-prone process, resulting in compromised management decisions by farmers. Hence, automating this process for quick and accurate HAB monitoring is extremely helpful. However, this requires large and diverse datasets of phytoplankton images, and such datasets are hard to produce quickly. In this work, we explore the feasibility of generating novel high-resolution photorealistic synthetic phytoplankton images, containing multiple species in the same image, given a small dataset of real images. To this end, we employ Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) to generate synthetic images. We evaluate three different GAN architectures: ProjectedGAN, FastGAN, and StyleGANv2 using standard image quality metrics. We empirically show the generation of high-fidelity synthetic phytoplankton images using a training dataset of only 961 real images. Thus, this work demonstrates the ability of GANs to create large synthetic datasets of phytoplankton from small training datasets, accomplishing a key step towards sustainable systematic monitoring of harmful algal blooms.      
### 41.Learning Fast and Precise Pixel-to-Torque Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02315.pdf)
>  In the field, robots often need to operate in unknown and unstructured environments, where accurate sensing and state estimation (SE) becomes a major challenge. Cameras have been used to great success in mapping and planning in such environments, as well as complex but quasi-static tasks such as grasping, but are rarely integrated into the control loop for unstable systems. Learning pixel-to-torque control promises to allow robots to flexibly handle a wider variety of tasks. Although they do not present additional theoretical obstacles, learning pixel-to-torque control for unstable systems that that require precise and high bandwidth control still poses a significant practical challenge, and best practices have not yet been established. To help drive reproducible research on the practical aspects of learning pixel-to-torque control, we propose a platform that can flexibly represent the entire process, from lab to deployment, for learning pixel-to-torque control on a robot with fast, unstable dynamics: the vision-based Furuta pendulum. The platform can be reproduced with either off-the-shelf or custom-built hardware. We expect that this platform will allow researchers to quickly and systematically test different approaches, as well as reproduce and benchmark case studies from other labs. We also present a first case study on this system using DNNs which, to the best of our knowledge, is the first demonstration of learning pixel-to-torque control on an unstable system with update rates faster than 100 Hz. A video synopsis can be found online at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/S2llScfG-8E" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, and in the supplementary material.      
### 42.Adversarial Attacks on ASR Systems: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2208.02250.pdf)
>  With the development of hardware and algorithms, ASR(Automatic Speech Recognition) systems evolve a lot. As The models get simpler, the difficulty of development and deployment become easier, ASR systems are getting closer to our life. On the one hand, we often use APPs or APIs of ASR to generate subtitles and record meetings. On the other hand, smart speaker and self-driving car rely on ASR systems to control AIoT devices. In past few years, there are a lot of works on adversarial examples attacks against ASR systems. By adding a small perturbation to the waveforms, the recognition results make a big difference. In this paper, we describe the development of ASR system, different assumptions of attacks, and how to evaluate these attacks. Next, we introduce the current works on adversarial examples attacks from two attack assumptions: white-box attack and black-box attack. Different from other surveys, we pay more attention to which layer they perturb waveforms in ASR system, the relationship between these attacks, and their implementation methods. We focus on the effect of their works.      
