# ArXiv eess --Fri, 17 Dec 2021
### 1.Network Realization Functions for Optimal Distributed Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09093.pdf)
>  In this paper we formalize a novel type of realizations for networks with linear and time-invariant dynamics, which we have dubbed Network Realization Functions. In doing so, we outline a novel type of "structure" in linear, distributed control, which is amenable to convex formulations for controller design. This approach is well suited for large scale systems, since the subsequent schemes completely avoid the exchange of internal states among sub-controllers, i.e., plant or controller states.      
### 2.Sensor Sampling Trade-Offs for Air Quality Monitoring With Low-Cost Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09072.pdf)
>  The calibration of low-cost sensors using machine learning techniques is a methodology widely used nowadays. Although many challenges remain to be solved in the deployment of low-cost sensors for air quality monitoring, low-cost sensors have been shown to be useful in conjunction with high-precision instrumentation. Thus, most research is focused on the application of different calibration techniques using machine learning. Nevertheless, the successful application of these models depends on the quality of the data obtained by the sensors, and very little attention has been paid to the whole data gathering process, from sensor sampling and data pre-processing, to the calibration of the sensor itself. In this article, we show the main sensor sampling parameters, with their corresponding impact on the quality of the resulting machine learning-based sensor calibration and their impact on energy consumption, thus showing the existing trade-offs. Finally, the results on an experimental node show the impact of the data sampling strategy in the calibration of tropospheric ozone, nitrogen dioxide and nitrogen monoxide low-cost sensors. Specifically, we show how a sampling strategy that minimizes the duty cycle of the sensing subsystem can reduce power consumption while maintaining data quality.      
### 3.A Deep Learning Based Multitask Network for Respiration Rate Estimation -- A Practical Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09071.pdf)
>  The exponential rise in wearable sensors has garnered significant interest in assessing the physiological parameters during day-to-day activities. Respiration rate is one of the vital parameters used in the performance assessment of lifestyle activities. However, obtrusive setup for measurement, motion artifacts, and other noises complicate the process. This paper presents a multitasking architecture based on Deep Learning (DL) for estimating instantaneous and average respiration rate from ECG and accelerometer signals, such that it performs efficiently under daily living activities like cycling, walking, etc. The multitasking network consists of a combination of Encoder-Decoder and Encoder-IncResNet, to fetch the average respiration rate and the respiration signal. The respiration signal can be leveraged to obtain the breathing peaks and instantaneous breathing cycles. Mean absolute error(MAE), Root mean square error (RMSE), inference time, and parameter count analysis has been used to compare the network with the current state of art Machine Learning (ML) model and other DL models developed in previous studies. Other DL configurations based on a variety of inputs are also developed as a part of the work. The proposed model showed better overall accuracy and gave better results than individual modalities during different activities.      
### 4.Estimation of Physical Activity Level and Ambient Condition Thresholds for Respiratory Health using Smartphone Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09068.pdf)
>  While physical activity has been described as a primary prevention against chronic diseases, strenuous physical exertion under adverse ambient conditions has also been reported as a major contributor to exacerbation of chronic respiratory conditions. Maintaining a balance by monitoring the type and the level of physical activities of affected individuals, could help in reducing the cost and burden of managing respiratory ailments. This paper explores the potentiality of motion sensors in Smartphones to estimate physical activity thresholds that could trigger symptoms of exercise induced respiratory conditions (EiRCs). The focus is on the extraction of measurements from the embedded motion sensors to determine the activity level and the type of activity that is tolerable to individuals respiratory health. The calculations are based on the correlation between Signal Magnitude Area (SMA) and Energy Expenditure (EE). We also consider the effect of changes in the ambient conditions like temperature and humidity, as contributing factors to respiratory distress during physical exercise. Real time data collected from healthy individuals were used to demonstrate the potentiality of a mobile phone as tool to regulate the level of physical activities of individuals with EiRCs. We describe a practical situation where the experimental outcomes can be applied to promote good respiratory health.      
### 5.Open-Source Software Radio Platform for Research on Cellular Networked UAVs -- It Works!  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09067.pdf)
>  Cellular network-connected unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) experience different radio propagation conditions than radio nodes on the ground. Therefore, it has become critical to investigate the performance of aerial radios, both theoretically and through field trials. In this paper, we consider low-altitude aerial nodes that are served by an experimental cellular network. We provide a detailed description of the hardware and software components needed for establishing a broadband wireless testbed for UAV communications research using software radios. Results show that a testbed for innovation in UAV communications and networking is feasible with commercial off-the-shelf hardware, open-source software, and low-power signaling.      
### 6.Distributed neural network control with dependability guarantees: a compositional port-Hamiltonian approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09046.pdf)
>  Large-scale cyber-physical systems require that control policies are distributed, that is, that they only rely on local real-time measurements and communication with neighboring agents. Optimal Distributed Control (ODC) problems are, however, highly intractable even in seemingly simple cases. Recent work has thus proposed training Neural Network (NN) distributed controllers. A main challenge of NN controllers is that they are not dependable during and after training, that is, the closed-loop system may be unstable, and the training may fail due to vanishing and exploding gradients. In this paper, we address these issues for networks of nonlinear port-Hamiltonian (pH) systems, whose modeling power ranges from energy systems to non-holonomic vehicles and chemical reactions. Specifically, we embrace the compositional properties of pH systems to characterize deep Hamiltonian control policies with built-in closed-loop stability guarantees, irrespective of the interconnection topology and the chosen NN parameters. Furthermore, our setup enables leveraging recent results on well-behaved neural ODEs to prevent the phenomenon of vanishing gradients by design. Numerical experiments corroborate the dependability of the proposed architecture, while matching the performance of general neural network policies.      
### 7.Low Resource Species Agnostic Bird Activity Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09042.pdf)
>  This paper explores low resource classifiers and features for the detection of bird activity, suitable for embedded Automatic Recording Units which are typically deployed for long term remote monitoring of bird populations. Features include low-level spectral parameters, statistical moments on pitch samples, and features derived from amplitude modulation. Performance is evaluated on several lightweight classifiers using the NIPS4Bplus dataset. Our experiments show that random forest classifiers perform best on this task, achieving an accuracy of 0.721 and an F1-Score of 0.604. We compare the results of our system against both a Convolutional Neural Network based detector, and standard MFCC features. Our experiments show that we can achieve equal or better performance in most metrics using features and models with a smaller computational cost and which are suitable for edge deployment.      
### 8.Bioacoustic Event Detection with prototypical networks and data augmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09006.pdf)
>  This report presents deep learning and data augmentation techniques used by a system entered into the Few-Shot Bioacoustic Event Detection for the DCASE2021 Challenge. The remit was to develop a few-shot learning system for animal (mammal and bird) vocalisations. Participants were tasked with developing a method that can extract information from five exemplar vocalisations, or shots, of mammals or birds and detect and classify sounds in field recordings. In the system described in this report, prototypical networks are used to learn a metric space, from which classification is performed by computing the distance of a query point to class prototypes, classifying based on shortest distance. We describe the architecture of this network, feature extraction methods, and data augmentation performed on the given dataset and compare our work to the challenge's baseline networks.      
### 9.Interference Suppression Using Deep Learning: Current Approaches and Open Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08988.pdf)
>  In light of the finite nature of the wireless spectrum and the increasing demand for spectrum use arising from recent technological breakthroughs in wireless communication, the problem of interference continues to persist. Despite recent advancements in resolving interference issues, interference still presents a difficult challenge to effective usage of the spectrum. This is partly due to the rise in the use of license-free and managed shared bands for Wi-Fi, long term evolution (LTE) unlicensed (LTE-U), LTE licensed assisted access (LAA), 5G NR, and other opportunistic spectrum access solutions. As a result of this, the need for efficient spectrum usage schemes that are robust against interference has never been more important. In the past, most solutions to interference have addressed the problem by using avoidance techniques as well as non-AI mitigation approaches (for example, adaptive filters). The key downside to non-AI techniques is the need for domain expertise in the extraction or exploitation of signal features such as cyclostationarity, bandwidth and modulation of the interfering signals. More recently, researchers have successfully explored AI/ML enabled physical (PHY) layer techniques, especially deep learning which reduces or compensates for the interfering signal instead of simply avoiding it. The underlying idea of ML based approaches is to learn the interference or the interference characteristics from the data, thereby sidelining the need for domain expertise in suppressing the interference. In this paper, we review a wide range of techniques that have used deep learning to suppress interference. We provide comparison and guidelines for many different types of deep learning techniques in interference suppression. In addition, we highlight challenges and potential future research directions for the successful adoption of deep learning in interference suppression.      
### 10.Object-based synthesis of scraping and rolling sounds based on non-linear physical constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08984.pdf)
>  Sustained contact interactions like scraping and rolling produce a wide variety of sounds. Previous studies have explored ways to synthesize these sounds efficiently and intuitively but could not fully mimic the rich structure of real instances of these sounds. We present a novel source-filter model for realistic synthesis of scraping and rolling sounds with physically and perceptually relevant controllable parameters constrained by principles of mechanics. Key features of our model include non-linearities to constrain the contact force, naturalistic normal force variation for different motions, and a method for morphing impulse responses within a material to achieve location-dependence. Perceptual experiments show that the presented model is able to synthesize realistic scraping and rolling sounds while conveying physical information similar to that in recorded sounds.      
### 11.Quality monitoring of federated Covid-19 lesion segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08974.pdf)
>  Federated Learning is the most promising way to train robust Deep Learning models for the segmentation of Covid-19-related findings in chest CTs. By learning in a decentralized fashion, heterogeneous data can be leveraged from a variety of sources and acquisition protocols whilst ensuring patient privacy. It is, however, crucial to continuously monitor the performance of the model. Yet when it comes to the segmentation of diffuse lung lesions, a quick visual inspection is not enough to assess the quality, and thorough monitoring of all network outputs by expert radiologists is not feasible. In this work, we present an array of lightweight metrics that can be calculated locally in each hospital and then aggregated for central monitoring of a federated system. Our linear model detects over 70% of low-quality segmentations on an out-of-distribution dataset and thus reliably signals a decline in model performance.      
### 12.Automated segmentation of 3-D body composition on computed tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08968.pdf)
>  Purpose: To develop and validate a computer tool for automatic and simultaneous segmentation of body composition depicted on computed tomography (CT) scans for the following tissues: visceral adipose (VAT), subcutaneous adipose (SAT), intermuscular adipose (IMAT), skeletal muscle (SM), and bone. <br>Approach: A cohort of 100 CT scans acquired from The Cancer Imaging Archive (TCIA) was used - 50 whole-body positron emission tomography (PET)-CTs, 25 chest, and 25 abdominal. Five different body compositions were manually annotated (VAT, SAT, IMAT, SM, and bone). A training-while-annotating strategy was used for efficiency. The UNet model was trained using the already annotated cases. Then, this model was used to enable semi-automatic annotation for the remaining cases. The 10-fold cross-validation method was used to develop and validate the performance of several convolutional neural networks (CNNs), including UNet, Recurrent Residual UNet (R2Unet), and UNet++. A 3-D patch sampling operation was used when training the CNN models. The separately trained CNN models were tested to see if they could achieve a better performance than segmenting them jointly. Paired-samples t-test was used to test for statistical significance. <br>Results: Among the three CNN models, UNet demonstrated the best overall performance in jointly segmenting the five body compositions with a Dice coefficient of 0.840+/-0.091, 0.908+/-0.067, 0.603+/-0.084, 0.889+/-0.027, and 0.884+/-0.031, and a Jaccard index of 0.734+/-0.119, 0.837+/-0.096, 0.437+/-0.082, 0.800+/-0.042, 0.793+/-0.049, respectively for VAT, SAT, IMAT, SM, and bone. <br>Conclusion: There were no significant differences among the CNN models in segmenting body composition, but jointly segmenting body compositions achieved a better performance than segmenting them separately.      
### 13.Bootstrap Equilibrium and Probabilistic Speaker Representation Learning for Self-supervised Speaker Verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08929.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose self-supervised speaker representation learning strategies, which comprise of a bootstrap equilibrium speaker representation learning in the front-end and an uncertainty-aware probabilistic speaker embedding training in the back-end. In the front-end stage, we learn the speaker representations via the bootstrap training scheme with the uniformity regularization term. In the back-end stage, the probabilistic speaker embeddings are estimated by maximizing the mutual likelihood score between the speech samples belonging to the same speaker, which provide not only speaker representations but also data uncertainty. Experimental results show that the proposed bootstrap equilibrium training strategy can effectively help learn the speaker representations and outperforms the conventional methods based on contrastive learning. Also, we demonstrate that the integrated two-stage framework further improves the speaker verification performance on the VoxCeleb1 test set in terms of EER and MinDCF.      
### 14.Joint Transmit Waveform and Passive Beamforming Design for RIS-Aided DFRC Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08861.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is a promising technology for 6G networks owing to its superior ability to enhance the capacity and coverage of wireless communications by smartly creating a favorable propagation environment. In this paper, we investigate the potential of employing RIS in dual-functional radar-communication (DFRC) systems for improving both radar sensing and communication functionalities. In particular, we consider a RIS-assisted DFRC system in which the multi-antenna base station (BS) simultaneously performs both multi-input multi-output (MIMO) radar sensing and multi-user multi-input single-output (MU-MISO) communications using the same hardware platform. We aim to jointly design the dual-functional transmit waveform and the passive beamforming of RIS to maximize the radar output signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) achieved by space-time adaptive processing (STAP), while satisfying the communication quality-of-service (QoS) requirement under one of three metrics, the constant-modulus constraint on the transmit waveform, and the restrict of RIS reflecting coefficients. An efficient algorithm framework based on the alternative direction method of multipliers (ADMM) and majorization-minimization (MM) methods is developed to solve the complicated non-convex optimization problem. Simulation results verify the advancement of the proposed RIS-assisted DRFC scheme and the effectiveness of the developed ADMM-MM-based joint transmit waveform and passive beamforming design algorithm.      
### 15.A Multi-band Solution for Interacting with Energy-Neutral Devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08855.pdf)
>  RF Wireless Power Transfer (WPT) emerges as a technology for charging autonomous devices, enabling simultaneous power and information transfer. However, with increasing distance, single-input, single-channel rectenna systems are not able to meet the power requirements of large scale IoT applications. In this paper, we tackle this problem on two levels. First, we minimize the energy consumption at the energy-constrained device on three levels. Second, we evolve to a dual-band solution increasing RF WPT. One frequency band is used to provide a base charge to many nodes in a shared transmission. Beam steering, on the other hand, allows for more power hungry operations while introducing as minimal interference as possible. We showcase this method for a hybrid RF-acoustic positioning system. Practical measurements conducted in a multi-antenna indoor testbed (Techtile) show the additional power gain and positioning rate.      
### 16.Joint Waveform and Filter Designs for STAP-SLP-based MIMO-DFRC Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08849.pdf)
>  Dual-function radar-communication (DFRC), which can simultaneously perform both radar and communication functionalities using the same hardware platform, spectral resource and transmit waveform, is a promising technique for realizing integrated sensing and communication (ISAC). Spacetime adaptive processing (STAP) in multi-antenna radar systems is the primary tool for detecting moving targets in the presence of strong clutter. The idea of joint spatial-temporal optimization in STAP-based radar systems is consistent with the concept of symbol-level precoding (SLP) for multi-input multi-output (MIMO) communications, which optimizes the transmit waveform for each of the transmitted symbols. In this paper, we combine STAP and SLP and propose a novel STAP-SLP-based DFRC system that enjoys the advantages of both techniques. The radar output signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) is maximized by jointly optimizing the transmit waveform and receive filter, while satisfying the communication quality-of-service (QoS) constraint and various waveform constraints including constant-modulus, similarity and peak-to-average power ratio (PAPR). An efficient algorithm framework based on majorization-minimization (MM) and nonlinear equality constrained alternative direction method of multipliers (neADMM) methods is proposed to solve these complicated non-convex optimization problems. Simulation results verify the effectiveness of the proposed STAP-SLP-based MIMO-DRFC scheme and the associate algorithms.      
### 17.Improving Unsupervised Stain-To-Stain Translation using Self-Supervision and Meta-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08837.pdf)
>  In digital pathology, many image analysis tasks are challenged by the need for large and time-consuming manual data annotations to cope with various sources of variability in the image domain. Unsupervised domain adaptation based on image-to-image translation is gaining importance in this field by addressing variabilities without the manual overhead. Here, we tackle the variation of different histological stains by unsupervised stain-to-stain translation to enable a stain-independent applicability of a deep learning segmentation model. We use CycleGANs for stain-to-stain translation in kidney histopathology, and propose two novel approaches to improve translational effectivity. First, we integrate a prior segmentation network into the CycleGAN for a self-supervised, application-oriented optimization of translation through semantic guidance, and second, we incorporate extra channels to the translation output to implicitly separate artificial meta-information otherwise encoded for tackling underdetermined reconstructions. The latter showed partially superior performances to the unmodified CycleGAN, but the former performed best in all stains providing instance-level Dice scores ranging between 78% and 92% for most kidney structures, such as glomeruli, tubules, and veins. However, CycleGANs showed only limited performance in the translation of other structures, e.g. arteries. Our study also found somewhat lower performance for all structures in all stains when compared to segmentation in the original stain. Our study suggests that with current unsupervised technologies, it seems unlikely to produce generally applicable fake stains.      
### 18.Distributed event-triggered flocking control of Lagrangian systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08827.pdf)
>  In this paper, an event-triggered control protocol is developed to investigate flocking control of Lagrangian systems, where event-triggering conditions are proposed to determine when the velocities of the agents are transmitted to their neighbours. In particular, the proposed controller is distributed, since it only depends on the available information of each agent on their own reference frame. In addition, we derive sufficient conditions to avoid Zeno behaviour. Numerical simulations are provided to show the effectiveness of the proposed control law.      
### 19.Beamspace MIMO for Satellite Swarms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08791.pdf)
>  Systems of small distributed satellites in low Earth orbit (LEO) transmitting cooperatively to a multiple antenna ground station (GS) are investigated. These satellite swarms have the benefit of much higher spatial separation in the transmit antennas than traditional big satellites with antenna arrays, promising a massive increase in spectral efficiency. However, this would require instantaneous perfect channel state information (CSI) and strong cooperation between satellites. In practice, orbital velocities around 7.5 km/s lead to very short channel coherence times on the order of fractions of the inter-satellite propagation delay, invalidating these assumptions. In this paper, we propose a distributed linear precoding scheme and a GS equalizer relying on local position information. In particular, each satellite only requires information about its own position and that of the GS, while the GS has complete positional information. Due to the deterministic nature of satellite movement this information is easily obtained and no inter-satellite information exchange is required during transmission. Based on the underlying geometrical channel approximation, the optimal inter-satellite distance is obtained analytically. Numerical evaluations show that the proposed scheme is, on average, within 99.8% of the maximum achievable rate for instantaneous CSI and perfect cooperation      
### 20.Self-Supervised Learning for speech recognition with Intermediate layer supervision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08778.pdf)
>  Recently, pioneer work finds that speech pre-trained models can solve full-stack speech processing tasks, because the model utilizes bottom layers to learn speaker-related information and top layers to encode content-related information. Since the network capacity is limited, we believe the speech recognition performance could be further improved if the model is dedicated to audio content information learning. To this end, we propose Intermediate Layer Supervision for Self-Supervised Learning (ILS-SSL), which forces the model to concentrate on content information as much as possible by adding an additional SSL loss on the intermediate layers. Experiments on LibriSpeech test-other set show that our method outperforms HuBERT significantly, which achieves a 23.5%/11.6% relative word error rate reduction in the w/o language model setting for base/large models. Detailed analysis shows the bottom layers of our model have a better correlation with phonetic units, which is consistent with our intuition and explains the success of our method for ASR.      
### 21.Adaptation and Attention for Neural Video Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08767.pdf)
>  Neural image coding represents now the state-of-the-art image compression approach. However, a lot of work is still to be done in the video domain. In this work, we propose an end-to-end learned video codec that introduces several architectural novelties as well as training novelties, revolving around the concepts of adaptation and attention. Our codec is organized as an intra-frame codec paired with an inter-frame codec. As one architectural novelty, we propose to train the inter-frame codec model to adapt the motion estimation process based on the resolution of the input video. A second architectural novelty is a new neural block that combines concepts from split-attention based neural networks and from DenseNets. Finally, we propose to overfit a set of decoder-side multiplicative parameters at inference time. Through ablation studies and comparisons to prior art, we show the benefits of our proposed techniques in terms of coding gains. We compare our codec to VVC/H.266 and RLVC, which represent the state-of-the-art traditional and end-to-end learned codecs, respectively, and to the top performing end-to-end learned approach in 2021 CLIC competition, E2E_T_OL. Our codec clearly outperforms E2E_T_OL, and compare favorably to VVC and RLVC in some settings.      
### 22.Distributed Nash Equilibrium Seeking for Noncooperative Games of High-Order Nonlinear Multi-Agent Systems Over Weight-Unbalanced Digraphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08744.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the noncooperative games of multi-agent systems. Different from existing noncooperative games, our formulation involves the high-order nonlinear dynamics of players, and the communication topologies among players are weight-unbalanced digraphs. Due to the high-order nonlinear dynamics and the weight-unbalanced digraphs, existing Nash equilibrium seeking algorithms cannot solve our problem. In order to seek the Nash equilibrium of the noncooperative games, we propose two distributed algorithms based on state feedback and output feedback, respectively. Moreover, we analyze the convergence of the two algorithms with the help of variational analysis and Lyapunov stability theory. By the two algorithms, the high-order nonlinear players exponentially converge to the Nash equilibrium. Finally, two simulation examples illustrate the effectiveness of the algorithms.      
### 23.Reformulation of Matching Equation in Potential Energy Shaping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08742.pdf)
>  Stabilization of an underactuated mechanical system may be accomplished by energy shaping. Interconnection and damping assignment passivity-based control is an approach based on total energy shaping by assigning desired kinetic and potential energy to the system. This method requires solving a partial differential equation (PDE) related to he potential energy shaping of the system. In this short paper, we focus on the reformulation of this PDE to be solved easier. For this purpose, under a certain condition that depends on the physical parameters and the controller gains, it is possible to merely solve the homogeneous part of potential energy PDE. Furthermore, it is shown that the condition may be reduced into a linear matrix inequality form. The results are applied to a number of benchmark systems.      
### 24.A comparative study of paired versus unpaired deep learning methods for physically enhancing digital rock image resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08644.pdf)
>  X-ray micro-computed tomography (micro-CT) has been widely leveraged to characterise pore-scale geometry in subsurface porous rock. Recent developments in super resolution (SR) methods using deep learning allow the digital enhancement of low resolution (LR) images over large spatial scales, creating SR images comparable to the high resolution (HR) ground truth. This circumvents traditional resolution and field-of-view trade-offs. An outstanding issue is the use of paired (registered) LR and HR data, which is often required in the training step of such methods but is difficult to obtain. In this work, we rigorously compare two different state-of-the-art SR deep learning techniques, using both paired and unpaired data, with like-for-like ground truth data. The first approach requires paired images to train a convolutional neural network (CNN) while the second approach uses unpaired images to train a generative adversarial network (GAN). The two approaches are compared using a micro-CT carbonate rock sample with complicated micro-porous textures. We implemented various image based and numerical verifications and experimental validation to quantitatively evaluate the physical accuracy and sensitivities of the two methods. Our quantitative results show that unpaired GAN approach can reconstruct super-resolution images as precise as paired CNN method, with comparable training times and dataset requirement. This unlocks new applications for micro-CT image enhancement using unpaired deep learning methods; image registration is no longer needed during the data processing stage. Decoupled images from data storage platforms can be exploited more efficiently to train networks for SR digital rock applications. This opens up a new pathway for various applications of multi-scale flow simulation in heterogeneous porous media.      
### 25.Highly precise AMCW time-of-flight scanning sensor based on digital-parallel demodulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08556.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel amplitude-modulated continuous wave (AMCW) time-of-flight (ToF) scanning sensor based on digital-parallel demodulation is proposed and demonstrated in the aspect of distance measurement precision. Since digital-parallel demodulation utilizes a high-amplitude demodulation signal with zero-offset, the proposed sensor platform can maintain extremely high demodulation contrast. Meanwhile, as all cross correlated samples are calculated in parallel and in extremely short integration time, the proposed sensor platform can utilize a 2D laser scanning structure with a single photo detector, maintaining a moderate frame rate. This optical structure can increase the received optical SNR and remove the crosstalk of image pixel array. Based on these measurement properties, the proposed AMCW ToF scanning sensor shows highly precise 3D depth measurement performance. In this study, this precise measurement performance is explained in detail. Additionally, the actual measurement performance of the proposed sensor platform is experimentally validated under various conditions.      
### 26.Integrated Guidance and Control for Lunar Landing using a Stabilized Seeker  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08540.pdf)
>  We develop an integrated guidance and control system that in conjunction with a stabilized seeker and landing site detection software can achieve precise and safe planetary landing. The seeker tracks the designated landing site by adjusting seeker elevation and azimuth angles to center the designated landing site in the sensor field of view. The seeker angles, closing speed, and range to the designated landing site are used to formulate a velocity field that is used by the guidance and control system to achieve a safe landing at the designated landing site. The guidance and control system maps this velocity field, attitude, and rotational velocity directly to a commanded thrust vector for the lander's four engines. The guidance and control system is implemented as a policy optimized using reinforcement meta learning. We demonstrate that the guidance and control system is compatible with multiple diverts during the powered descent phase, and is robust to seeker lag, actuator lag and degradation, and center of mass variation induced by fuel consumption. We outline several concepts of operations, including an approach using a preplaced landing beacon.      
### 27.A Framework for Prescribed-Time Control Design via Time-Scale Transformation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08496.pdf)
>  This letter presents a unified framework for the design of prescribed-time controllers under time-varying input and state constraints for normal-form unknown nonlinear systems with uncertain input gain. The proposed approach is based on a time-domain mapping method by which any infinite-time system can be corresponded to a prescribed-time system and vice versa. It is shown that the design of a constrained nonasymptotic prescribed-time controller can be reduced to the asymptotic control design for an associated constrained infinite-time system. Faà di Bruno's formula and Bell polynomials are used for a constructive representation of the associated infinite-time system. The presented results are not confined to a particular mapping function, which adds to the flexibility of the proposed scheme. It is shown that necessary and sufficient conditions on the uniform (practical) prescribed-time stability and attractivity can be obtained as corollaries of the main result.      
### 28.Safety-Critical Control with Input Delay in Dynamic Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08445.pdf)
>  Endowing nonlinear systems with safe behavior is increasingly important in modern control. This task is particularly challenging for real-life control systems that must operate safely in dynamically changing environments. This paper develops a framework for safety-critical control in dynamic environments, by establishing the notion of environmental control barrier functions (ECBFs). The framework is able to guarantee safety even in the presence of input delay, by accounting for the evolution of the environment during the delayed response of the system. The underlying control synthesis relies on predicting the future state of the system and the environment over the delay interval, with robust safety guarantees against prediction errors. The efficacy of the proposed method is demonstrated by a simple adaptive cruise control problem and a more complex robotics application on a Segway platform.      
### 29.An approach for the aggregation of power system controllers with different topologies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08428.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an approach to aggregate nonstructured power system controllers preserving the dynamical characteristics of the original devices. The method is based on linear operations that use the frequency response of the elements, resulting in an accurate input-output description of the equivalent controller when compared to the original ones. The developed method was applied to a model of the future interconnected Paraguayan-Argentinean power system to produce a dynamic equivalent used in a real-time simulator to test the special protection scheme needed for the safe operation of the this future system. Transient and small-signal stability studies presented matching simulation results in the time domain with significantly reduced computational burden and processing time.      
### 30.Neural Network-based Power Flow Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08418.pdf)
>  Power flow analysis is used to evaluate the flow of electricity in the power system network. Power flow calculation is used to determine the steady-state variables of the system, such as the voltage magnitude /phase angle of each bus and the active/reactive power flow on each branch. The DC power flow model is a popular linear power flow model that is widely used in the power industry. Although it is fast and robust, it may lead to inaccurate line flow results for some critical transmission lines. This drawback can be partially addressed by data-driven methods that take advantage of historical grid profiles. In this paper, a neural network (NN) model is trained to predict power flow results using historical power system data. Although the training process may take time, once trained, it is very fast to estimate line flows. A comprehensive performance analysis between the proposed NN-based power flow model and the traditional DC power flow model is conducted. It can be concluded that the proposed NN-based power flow model can find solutions quickly and more accurately than DC power flow model.      
### 31.Performance comparison of computational ghost imaging versus single-pixel camera in light disturbance environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08368.pdf)
>  Computational ghost imaging (CGI) and single-pixel camera (SPC) are two types of single-pixel imaging and attracts increasing interest in recent years. The performance differences of CGI and SPC in difference light disturbance environment are investigated. In comparison with CGI, we demonstrate that the quality of SPC is always better in the same conditions and local light disturbance has a larger influence to CGI/SPC than global light disturbance. In addition, a method to improve the reconstruction result of SPC is proposed if the source's energy is unstable and there is light disturbance in the detection process, and its validity is also verified by numerical simulation.      
### 32.Progressive Graph Convolution Network for EEG Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09069.pdf)
>  Studies in the area of neuroscience have revealed the relationship between emotional patterns and brain functional regions, demonstrating that dynamic relationships between different brain regions are an essential factor affecting emotion recognition determined through electroencephalography (EEG). Moreover, in EEG emotion recognition, we can observe that clearer boundaries exist between coarse-grained emotions than those between fine-grained emotions, based on the same EEG data; this indicates the concurrence of large coarse- and small fine-grained emotion variations. Thus, the progressive classification process from coarse- to fine-grained categories may be helpful for EEG emotion recognition. Consequently, in this study, we propose a progressive graph convolution network (PGCN) for capturing this inherent characteristic in EEG emotional signals and progressively learning the discriminative EEG features. To fit different EEG patterns, we constructed a dual-graph module to characterize the intrinsic relationship between different EEG channels, containing the dynamic functional connections and static spatial proximity information of brain regions from neuroscience research. Moreover, motivated by the observation of the relationship between coarse- and fine-grained emotions, we adopt a dual-head module that enables the PGCN to progressively learn more discriminative EEG features, from coarse-grained (easy) to fine-grained categories (difficult), referring to the hierarchical characteristic of emotion. To verify the performance of our model, extensive experiments were conducted on two public datasets: SEED-IV and multi-modal physiological emotion database (MPED).      
### 33.Towards Robust Real-time Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09060.pdf)
>  The human brain contextually exploits heterogeneous sensory information to efficiently perform cognitive tasks including vision and hearing. For example, during the cocktail party situation, the human auditory cortex contextually integrates audio-visual (AV) cues in order to better perceive speech. Recent studies have shown that AV speech enhancement (SE) models can significantly improve speech quality and intelligibility in very low signal to noise ratio (SNR) environments as compared to audio-only SE models. However, despite significant research in the area of AV SE, development of real-time processing models with low latency remains a formidable technical challenge. In this paper, we present a novel framework for low latency speaker-independent AV SE that can generalise on a range of visual and acoustic noises. In particular, a generative adversarial networks (GAN) is proposed to address the practical issue of visual imperfections in AV SE. In addition, we propose a deep neural network based real-time AV SE model that takes into account the cleaned visual speech output from GAN to deliver more robust SE. The proposed framework is evaluated on synthetic and real noisy AV corpora using objective speech quality and intelligibility metrics and subjective listing tests. Comparative simulation results show that our real time AV SE framework outperforms state-of-the-art SE approaches, including recent DNN based SE models.      
### 34.Random Number Generator, Zero-Crossing, and Nonlinearity Attacks against the Kirchhoff-Law-Johnson-Noise (KLJN) Secure Key Exchange Protocol  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09052.pdf)
>  This dissertation demonstrates three new types of attacks against the KLJN scheme. The first attack type is based on compromised RNGs. The first RNG attacks are deterministic. First, Eve knows both noises. She can crack the bit via Ohm's Law and one-bit powers within a fraction of the bit exchange period. Second, Eve knows only Bob's noise, so she can learn Bob's resistance value via Ohm's Law and Alice's resistance at the end of the bit exchange period. She can also use a process of elimination. The second RNG attacks are statistical. First, Eve has partial knowledge of Alice's and Bob's noises. She can crack the bit by taking the highest cross-correlation between her noises and the measured noise in the wire, and by taking the highest cross-correlation between her noises and Alice's/Bob's noises. Second, Eve has partial knowledge of only Alice's noise. She can still crack the bit, but after the bit exchange period. The second attack type is based on thermodynamics. Previously, the KLJN scheme required thermal equilibrium. However, Vadai, et al, in (Nature) Science Reports shows a modified scheme, where there is a non-zero thermal noise, yet the system resists all the known attacks. We utilize coincidence events between the line current and voltage and show that there is non-zero information leak. As soon as thermal equilibrium is restored, the system is perfectly secure again. The final attack type is based on the nonlinearity of the noise generators. We explore the effect of distortion at the second and third orders. It is demonstrated that 1% distortion results in a significant information leak. We also show that decreasing the effective temperature results in the KLJN scheme approaching perfect security.      
### 35.Neural Style Transfer and Unpaired Image-to-Image Translation to deal with the Domain Shift Problem on Spheroid Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.09043.pdf)
>  Background and objectives. Domain shift is a generalisation problem of machine learning models that occurs when the data distribution of the training set is different to the data distribution encountered by the model when it is deployed. This is common in the context of biomedical image segmentation due to the variance of experimental conditions, equipment, and capturing settings. In this work, we address this challenge by studying both neural style transfer algorithms and unpaired image-to-image translation methods in the context of the segmentation of tumour spheroids. <br>Methods. We have illustrated the domain shift problem in the context of spheroid segmentation with 4 deep learning segmentation models that achieved an IoU over 97% when tested with images following the training distribution, but whose performance decreased up to an 84\% when applied to images captured under different conditions. In order to deal with this problem, we have explored 3 style transfer algorithms (NST, deep image analogy, and STROTSS), and 6 unpaired image-to-image translations algorithms (CycleGAN, DualGAN, ForkGAN, GANILLA, CUT, and FastCUT). These algorithms have been integrated into a high-level API that facilitates their application to other contexts where the domain-shift problem occurs. <br>Results. We have considerably improved the performance of the 4 segmentation models when applied to images captured under different conditions by using both style transfer and image-to-image translation algorithms. In particular, there are 2 style transfer algorithms (NST and deep image analogy) and 1 unpaired image-to-image translations algorithm (CycleGAN) that improve the IoU of the models in a range from 0.24 to 76.07. Therefore, reaching a similar performance to the one obtained with the models are applied to images following the training distribution.      
### 36.Connecting the Dots between Audio and Text without Parallel Data through Visual Knowledge Transfer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08995.pdf)
>  Machines that can represent and describe environmental soundscapes have practical potential, e.g., for audio tagging and captioning systems. Prevailing learning paradigms have been relying on parallel audio-text data, which is, however, scarcely available on the web. We propose VIP-ANT that induces \textbf{A}udio-\textbf{T}ext alignment without using any parallel audio-text data. Our key idea is to share the image modality between bi-modal image-text representations and bi-modal image-audio representations; the image modality functions as a pivot and connects audio and text in a tri-modal embedding space implicitly. <br>In a difficult zero-shot setting with no paired audio-text data, our model demonstrates state-of-the-art zero-shot performance on the ESC50 and US8K audio classification tasks, and even surpasses the supervised state of the art for Clotho caption retrieval (with audio queries) by 2.2\% R@1. We further investigate cases of minimal audio-text supervision, finding that, e.g., just a few hundred supervised audio-text pairs increase the zero-shot audio classification accuracy by 8\% on US8K. However, to match human parity on some zero-shot tasks, our empirical scaling experiments suggest that we would need about $2^{21} \approx 2M$ supervised audio-caption pairs. Our work opens up new avenues for learning audio-text connections with little to no parallel audio-text data.      
### 37.Effective Rate of RIS-aided Networks with Location and Phase Estimation Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08985.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces (RIS) are planar structures connected to electronic circuitry, which can be employed to steer the electromagnetic signals in a controlled manner. Through this, the signal quality and the effective data rate can be substantially improved. While the benefits of RIS-assisted wireless communications have been investigated for various scenarios, some aspects of the network design, such as coverage, optimal placement of RIS, etc., often require complex optimization and numerical simulations, since the achievable effective rate is difficult to predict. This problem becomes even more difficult in the presence of phase estimation errors or location uncertainty, which can lead to substantial performance degradation if neglected. Considering randomly distributed receivers within a ring-shaped RIS-assisted wireless network, this paper mainly investigates the effective rate by taking into account the above-mentioned impairments. Furthermore, exact closed-form expressions for the effective rate are derived in terms of Meijer's $G$-function, which (i) reveals that the location and phase estimation uncertainty should be well considered in the deployment of RIS in wireless networks; and (ii) facilitates future network design and performance prediction.      
### 38.Joint Analog and Digital Transceiver Design for Wideband Full Duplex MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08970.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a wideband Full Duplex (FD) Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (MIMO) communication system comprising of an FD MIMO node simultaneously communicating with two multi-antenna UpLink (UL) and DownLink (DL) nodes utilizing the same time and frequency resources. To suppress the strong Self-Interference (SI) signal due to simultaneous transmission and reception in FD MIMO systems, we propose a joint design of Analog and Digital (A/D) cancellation as well as transmit and receive beamforming capitalizing on baseband Orthogonal Frequency-Division Multiplexing (OFDM) signal modeling. Considering practical transmitter impairments, we present a multi-tap wideband analog canceller architecture whose number of taps does not scale with the number of transceiver antennas and multipath SI components. We also propose a novel adaptive digital cancellation based on truncated singular value decomposition that reduces the residual SI signal estimation parameters. To maximize the FD sum rate, a joint optimization framework is presented for A/D cancellation and digital beamforming. Finally, our extensive waveform simulation results demonstrate that the proposed wideband FD MIMO design exhibits higher SI cancellation capability with reduced complexity compared to existing cancellation techniques, resulting in improved achievable rate performance.      
### 39.Stable Long-Term Recurrent Video Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08950.pdf)
>  Recurrent models have gained popularity in deep learning (DL) based video super-resolution (VSR), due to their increased computational efficiency, temporal receptive field and temporal consistency compared to sliding-window based models. However, when inferring on long video sequences presenting low motion (i.e. in which some parts of the scene barely move), recurrent models diverge through recurrent processing, generating high frequency artifacts. To the best of our knowledge, no study about VSR pointed out this instability problem, which can be critical for some real-world applications. Video surveillance is a typical example where such artifacts would occur, as both the camera and the scene stay static for a long time. <br>In this work, we expose instabilities of existing recurrent VSR networks on long sequences with low motion. We demonstrate it on a new long sequence dataset Quasi-Static Video Set, that we have created. Finally, we introduce a new framework of recurrent VSR networks that is both stable and competitive, based on Lipschitz stability theory. We propose a new recurrent VSR network, coined Middle Recurrent Video Super-Resolution (MRVSR), based on this framework. We empirically show its competitive performance on long sequences with low motion.      
### 40.COVID-19 Electrocardiograms Classification using CNN Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08931.pdf)
>  With the periodic rise and fall of COVID-19 and numerous countries being affected by its ramifications, there has been a tremendous amount of work that has been done by scientists, researchers, and doctors all over the world. Prompt intervention is keenly needed to tackle the unconscionable dissemination of the disease. The implementation of Artificial Intelligence (AI) has made a significant contribution to the digital health district by applying the fundamentals of deep learning algorithms. In this study, a novel approach is proposed to automatically diagnose the COVID-19 by the utilization of Electrocardiogram (ECG) data with the integration of deep learning algorithms, specifically the Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models. Several CNN models have been utilized in this proposed framework, including VGG16, VGG19, InceptionResnetv2, InceptionV3, Resnet50, and Densenet201. The VGG16 model has outperformed the rest of the models, with an accuracy of 85.92%. Our results show a relatively low accuracy in the rest of the models compared to the VGG16 model, which is due to the small size of the utilized dataset, in addition to the exclusive utilization of the Grid search hyperparameters optimization approach for the VGG16 model only. Moreover, our results are preparatory, and there is a possibility to enhance the accuracy of all models by further expanding the dataset and adapting a suitable hyperparameters optimization technique.      
### 41.Uplink Transceiver Design and Optimization for Transmissive RMS Multi-Antenna Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08880.pdf)
>  In this paper, a novel uplink communication for the transmissive reconfigurable metasurface (RMS) multi-antenna system with orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) is investigated. Specifically, a transmissive RMS-based receiver equipped with a single receiving antenna is first proposed, and a far-near field channel model based on planar waves and spherical waves is given. Then, in order to maximize the system sum-rate of uplink communications, we formulate a joint optimization problem over subcarrier allocation, power allocation and RMS transmissive coefficient design. Due to the coupling of optimization variables, the optimization problem is non-convex, so it is challenging to solve it directly. In order to tackle this problem, the alternating optimization (AO) algorithm is used to decouple the optimization variables and divide the problem into two sub-problems to solve. First, the problem of joint subcarrier allocation and power allocation is solved via the Lagrangian dual decomposition method. Then, the RMS transmissive coefficient design can be obtained by applying difference-of-convex (DC) programming, successive convex approximation (SCA) and penalty function methods. Finally, the two sub-problems are iterated alternately until convergence is achieved. Numerical simulation results verify that the proposed algorithm has good convergence performance and can improve system sum-rate compared with other benchmark algorithms.      
### 42.Knowledge Distillation Leveraging Alternative Soft Targets from Non-Parallel Qualified Speech Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08878.pdf)
>  This paper describes a novel knowledge distillation framework that leverages acoustically qualified speech data included in an existing training data pool as privileged information. In our proposed framework, a student network is trained with multiple soft targets for each utterance that consist of main soft targets from original speakers' utterance and alternative targets from other speakers' utterances spoken under better acoustic conditions as a secondary view. These qualified utterances from other speakers, used to generate better soft targets, are collected from a qualified data pool by using strict constraints in terms of word/phone/state durations. Our proposed method is a form of target-side data augmentation that creates multiple copies of data with corresponding better soft targets obtained from a qualified data pool. We show in our experiments under acoustic model adaptation settings that the proposed method, exploiting better soft targets obtained from various speakers, can further improve recognition accuracy compared with conventional methods using only soft targets from original speakers.      
### 43.Search for temporal cell segmentation robustness in phase-contrast microscopy videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08817.pdf)
>  Studying cell morphology changes in time is critical to understanding cell migration mechanisms. In this work, we present a deep learning-based workflow to segment cancer cells embedded in 3D collagen matrices and imaged with phase-contrast microscopy. Our approach uses transfer learning and recurrent convolutional long-short term memory units to exploit the temporal information from the past and provide a consistent segmentation result. Lastly, we propose a geometrical-characterization approach to studying cancer cell morphology. Our approach provides stable results in time, and it is robust to the different weight initialization or training data sampling. We introduce a new annotated dataset for 2D cell segmentation and tracking, and an open-source implementation to replicate the experiments or adapt them to new image processing problems.      
### 44.Improvement of Indoor Radio Coverage at 60 GHz in NLOS Configuration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08720.pdf)
>  In the current development of new technologies, the world of communications is experiencing significant growth thanks to the integration of wireless communications in millimeter band. In this context, the purpose of this paper is to assess the contribution that the use of a metallic reflector panel can introduce to indoor radio coverage at 60 GHz in an NLOS (corridor) configuration. The results obtained by measurement show that the use of such a panel can lead to a significant path loss reduction up to 12 dB, which improves the reception power.      
### 45.Towards Robust Neural Image Compression: Adversarial Attack and Model Finetuning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08691.pdf)
>  Deep neural network based image compression has been extensively studied. Model robustness is largely overlooked, though it is crucial to service enabling. We perform the adversarial attack by injecting a small amount of noise perturbation to original source images, and then encode these adversarial examples using prevailing learnt image compression models. Experiments report severe distortion in the reconstruction of adversarial examples, revealing the general vulnerability of existing methods, regardless of the settings used in underlying compression model (e.g., network architecture, loss function, quality scale) and optimization strategy used for injecting perturbation (e.g., noise threshold, signal distance measurement). Later, we apply the iterative adversarial finetuning to refine pretrained models. In each iteration, random source images and adversarial examples are mixed to update underlying model. Results show the effectiveness of the proposed finetuning strategy by substantially improving the compression model robustness. Overall, our methodology is simple, effective, and generalizable, making it attractive for developing robust learnt image compression solution. All materials have been made publicly accessible at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://njuvision.github.io/RobustNIC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for reproducible research.      
### 46.Joint Power-control and Antenna Selection in User-Centric Cell-Free Systems with Mixed Resolution ADC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08665.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a scheme for the joint optimization of the user transmit power and the antenna selection at the access points (AP)s of a user-centric cell-free massive multiple-input-multiple-output (UC CF-mMIMO) system. We derive an approximate expression for the achievable uplink rate of the users in a UC CF-mMIMO system in the presence of a mixed analog-to-digital converter (ADC) resolution profile at the APs. Using the derived approximation, we propose to maximize the uplink sum rate of UC CF-mMIMO systems subject to energy constraints at the APs. An alternating-optimization solution is proposed using binary particle swarm optimization (BPSO) and successive convex approximation (SCA). We also study the impact of various system parameters on the performance of the system.      
### 47.Feature Distillation Interaction Weighting Network for Lightweight Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08655.pdf)
>  Convolutional neural networks based single-image super-resolution (SISR) has made great progress in recent years. However, it is difficult to apply these methods to real-world scenarios due to the computational and memory cost. Meanwhile, how to take full advantage of the intermediate features under the constraints of limited parameters and calculations is also a huge challenge. To alleviate these issues, we propose a lightweight yet efficient Feature Distillation Interaction Weighted Network (FDIWN). Specifically, FDIWN utilizes a series of specially designed Feature Shuffle Weighted Groups (FSWG) as the backbone, and several novel mutual Wide-residual Distillation Interaction Blocks (WDIB) form an FSWG. In addition, Wide Identical Residual Weighting (WIRW) units and Wide Convolutional Residual Weighting (WCRW) units are introduced into WDIB for better feature distillation. Moreover, a Wide-Residual Distillation Connection (WRDC) framework and a Self-Calibration Fusion (SCF) unit are proposed to interact features with different scales more flexibly and efficiently.Extensive experiments show that our FDIWN is superior to other models to strike a good balance between model performance and efficiency. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/IVIPLab/FDIWN" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 48.Electromagnetic Effective Degree of Freedom of a MIMO System in Free Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08610.pdf)
>  Effective degree of freedom (EDOF) of a multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) system represents its equivalent number of independent single-input-single-output (SISO) systems, which directly characterizes the communication performance. Traditional EDOF only considers single polarization, where the full polarized components degrade into two independent transverse components under the far-field approximation. However, the traditional model is not applicable to complex scenarios especially for the near-field region. Based on an electromagnetic (EM) channel model built from the dyadic Green's function, we first calculate the EM EDOF to estimate the performance of an arbitrary MIMO system with full polarizations in free space. Then, we clarify the relations between the limit of EDOF and the optimal number of sources/receivers. Finally, potential benefits of near-field MIMO communications are demonstrated with the EM EDOF, in which the contribution of the longitudinally polarized source is taken into account. This work establishes a fundamental EM framework for MIMO wireless communications.      
### 49.EmotionBox: a music-element-driven emotional music generation system using Recurrent Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08561.pdf)
>  With the development of deep neural networks, automatic music composition has made great progress. Although emotional music can evoke listeners' different emotions and it is important for artistic expression, only few researches have focused on generating emotional music. This paper presents EmotionBox -an music-element-driven emotional music generator that is capable of composing music given a specific emotion, where this model does not require a music dataset labeled with emotions. Instead, pitch histogram and note density are extracted as features that represent mode and tempo respectively to control music emotions. The subjective listening tests show that the Emotionbox has a more competitive and balanced performance in arousing a specified emotion than the emotion-label-based method.      
### 50.Implicit Neural Representations for Deconvolving SAS Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08539.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture sonar (SAS) image resolution is constrained by waveform bandwidth and array geometry. Specifically, the waveform bandwidth determines a point spread function (PSF) that blurs the locations of point scatterers in the scene. In theory, deconvolving the reconstructed SAS image with the scene PSF restores the original distribution of scatterers and yields sharper reconstructions. However, deconvolution is an ill-posed operation that is highly sensitive to noise. In this work, we leverage implicit neural representations (INRs), shown to be strong priors for the natural image space, to deconvolve SAS images. Importantly, our method does not require training data, as we perform our deconvolution through an analysis-bysynthesis optimization in a self-supervised fashion. We validate our method on simulated SAS data created with a point scattering model and real data captured with an in-air circular SAS. This work is an important first step towards applying neural networks for SAS image deconvolution.      
### 51.Fractional cyber-neural systems -- a brief survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08535.pdf)
>  Neurotechnology has made great strides in the last 20 years. However, we still have a long way to go to commercialize many of these technologies as we lack a unified framework to study cyber-neural systems (CNS) that bring the hardware, software, and the neural system together. Dynamical systems play a key role in developing these technologies as they capture different aspects of the brain and provide insight into their function. Converging evidence suggests that fractional-order dynamical systems are advantageous in modeling neural systems because of their compact representation and accuracy in capturing the long-range memory exhibited in neural behavior. In this brief survey, we provide an overview of fractional CNS that entails fractional-order systems in the context of CNS. In particular, we introduce basic definitions required for the analysis and synthesis of fractional CNS, encompassing system identification, state estimation, and closed-loop control. Additionally, we provide an illustration of some applications in the context of CNS and draw some possible future research directions. Ultimately, advancements in these three areas will be critical in developing the next generation of CNS, which will, ultimately, improve people's quality of life.      
### 52.Safety-Aware Preference-Based Learning for Safety-Critical Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08516.pdf)
>  Bringing dynamic robots into the wild requires a tenuous balance between performance and safety. Yet controllers designed to provide robust safety guarantees often result in conservative behavior, and tuning these controllers to find the ideal trade-off between performance and safety typically requires domain expertise or a carefully constructed reward function. This work presents a design paradigm for systematically achieving behaviors that balance performance and robust safety by integrating safety-aware Preference-Based Learning (PBL) with Control Barrier Functions (CBFs). Fusing these concepts -- safety-aware learning and safety-critical control -- gives a robust means to achieve safe behaviors on complex robotic systems in practice. We demonstrate the capability of this design paradigm to achieve safe and performant perception-based autonomous operation of a quadrupedal robot both in simulation and experimentally on hardware.      
### 53.IoT Security and Safety Testing Toolkits for Water Distribution Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08473.pdf)
>  Due to the critical importance of Industrial Control Systems (ICS) to the operations of cities and countries, research into the security of critical infrastructure has become increasingly relevant and necessary. As a component of both the research and application sides of smart city development, accurate and precise modeling, simulation, and verification are key parts of a robust design and development tools that provide critical assistance in the prevention, detection, and recovery from abnormal behavior in the sensors, controllers, and actuators which make up a modern ICS system. However, while these tools have potential, there is currently a need for helper-tools to assist with their setup and configuration, if they are to be utilized widely. Existing state-of-the-art tools are often technically complex and difficult to customize for any given IoT/ICS processes. This is a serious barrier to entry for most technicians, engineers, researchers, and smart city planners, while slowing down the critical aspects of safety and security verification. To remedy this issue, we take a case study of existing simulation toolkits within the field of water management and expand on existing tools and algorithms with simplistic automated retrieval functionality using a much more in-depth and usable customization interface to accelerate simulation scenario design and implementation, allowing for customization of the cyber-physical network infrastructure and cyber attack scenarios. We additionally provide a novel in-tool-assessment of network's resilience according to graph theory path diversity. Further, we lay out a roadmap for future development and application of the proposed tool, including expansions on resiliency and potential vulnerability model checking, and discuss applications of our work to other fields relevant to the design and operation of smart cities.      
### 54.Expert and Crowd-Guided Affect Annotation and Prediction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08432.pdf)
>  We employ crowdsourcing to acquire time-continuous affective annotations for movie clips, and refine noisy models trained from these crowd annotations incorporating expert information within a Multi-task Learning (MTL) framework. We propose a novel \textbf{e}xpert \textbf{g}uided MTL (EG-MTL) algorithm, which minimizes the loss with respect to both crowd and expert labels to learn a set of weights corresponding to each movie clip for which crowd annotations are acquired. We employ EG-MTL to solve two problems, namely, \textbf{\texttt{P1}}: where dynamic annotations acquired from both experts and crowdworkers for the \textbf{Validation} set are used to train a regression model with audio-visual clip descriptors as features, and predict dynamic arousal and valence levels on 5--15 second snippets derived from the clips; and \textbf{\texttt{P2}}: where a classification model trained on the \textbf{Validation} set using dynamic crowd and expert annotations (as features) and static affective clip labels is used for binary emotion recognition on the \textbf{Evaluation} set for which only dynamic crowd annotations are available. Observed experimental results confirm the effectiveness of the EG-MTL algorithm, which is reflected via improved arousal and valence estimation for \textbf{\texttt{P1}}, and higher recognition accuracy for \textbf{\texttt{P2}}.      
### 55.Performance or Trust? Why Not Both. Deep AUC Maximization with Self-Supervised Learning for COVID-19 Chest X-ray Classifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.08363.pdf)
>  Effective representation learning is the key in improving model performance for medical image analysis. In training deep learning models, a compromise often must be made between performance and trust, both of which are essential for medical applications. Moreover, models optimized with cross-entropy loss tend to suffer from unwarranted overconfidence in the majority class and over-cautiousness in the minority class. In this work, we integrate a new surrogate loss with self-supervised learning for computer-aided screening of COVID-19 patients using radiography images. In addition, we adopt a new quantification score to measure a model's trustworthiness. Ablation study is conducted for both the performance and the trust on feature learning methods and loss functions. Comparisons show that leveraging the new surrogate loss on self-supervised models can produce label-efficient networks that are both high-performing and trustworthy.      
