# ArXiv eess --Thu, 30 Dec 2021
### 1.Physics-Informed Deep Operator Control: Controlling chaos in van der Pol oscillating circuits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14707.pdf)
>  Controlling chaos is a long-standing problem in engineering. Here, we introduce Physics-Informed Deep Operator Control (PIDOC), by encoding control signal and initial position into the losses of a Physics-Informed Neural Network (PINN), the nonlinear system exhibits the desired route given the control signal. The framework has a clear application scenario: receiving signals as physics commands and learning chaotic data from the nonlinear van der Pol system, PIDOC is able to execute the controlled signal as the output of the PINN. PIDOC is first applied to a benchmark problem, unveils a fluctuating behavior of the acceleration that seemingly behave in the same frequency of the desired signal, indicating the learning of neural networks (NN) elicit stochasticity for higher-order terms, yet still successfully impose the control that enforces the system behave as in the same frequency of the control signal. PIDOC is also proved capable of converging to different desired trajectories based on case studies. Initial positions slightly affect the control accuracy at the beginning stage yet still converge to the control signal based on numerical experiments. To note, for highly nonlinear systems, PIDOC is not able to execute control as high accuracies compared with the benchmark problem, yet still, PIDOC converges to decent trajectories corresponding to given signals with fair predictable behavior. The depth and width of the NN structure did not heavily variate the convergence of PIDOC based on case studies on van der Pol systems with low and high nonlinearities. Surprisingly, by enlarging the control signal by multiplying a Lagrangian multiplier, PIDOC failed to converge to the desired trajectory, indicating enlarging the control signal does not increase control quality, which is not intuitive. The proposed framework can be potentially applied to many nonlinear systems for controlling chaos.      
### 2.Risk of Cascading Failures in Platoon of Autonomous Vehicles with Delayed Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14692.pdf)
>  We develop a framework to assess the risk of cascading failures (as collisions) in a platoon of vehicles in the presence of exogenous noise and communication time-delay. The notion of value-at-risk (VaR) is adopted to quantify the risk of collision between vehicles conditioned to the knowledge of multiple previously occurred failures in the platoon. We show that the risk of cascading failures depends on the Laplacian spectrum of the underlying communication graph, time-delay, and noise statistics. Furthermore, we exploit the structure of several standard graphs to show how the risk profile depends on the spatial location of the systemic events. Our theoretical findings are significant as they can be applied to design safe platoons. Finally, our results are validated with extensive simulations.      
### 3.Multi-Dialect Arabic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14678.pdf)
>  This paper presents the design and development of multi-dialect automatic speech recognition for Arabic. Deep neural networks are becoming an effective tool to solve sequential data problems, particularly, adopting an end-to-end training of the system. Arabic speech recognition is a complex task because of the existence of multiple dialects, non-availability of large corpora, and missing vocalization. Thus, the first contribution of this work is the development of a large multi-dialectal corpus with either full or at least partially vocalized transcription. Additionally, the open-source corpus has been gathered from multiple sources that bring non-standard Arabic alphabets in transcription which are normalized by defining a common character-set. The second contribution is the development of a framework to train an acoustic model achieving state-of-the-art performance. The network architecture comprises of a combination of convolutional and recurrent layers. The spectrogram features of the audio data are extracted in the frequency vs time domain and fed in the network. The output frames, produced by the recurrent model, are further trained to align the audio features with its corresponding transcription sequences. The sequence alignment is performed using a beam search decoder with a tetra-gram language model. The proposed system achieved a 14% error rate which outperforms previous systems.      
### 4.Learning nonlinear dynamics in synchronization of knowledge-based leader-following networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14676.pdf)
>  Knowledge-based leader-following synchronization problem of heterogeneous nonlinear multi-agent systems is challenging since the leader's dynamic information is unknown to all follower nodes. This paper proposes a learning-based fully distributed observer for a class of nonlinear leader systems, which can simultaneously learn the leader's dynamics and states. The class of leader dynamics considered here does not require a bounded Jacobian matrix. Based on this learning-based distributed observer, we further synthesize an adaptive distributed control law for solving the leader-following synchronization problem of multiple Euler-Lagrange systems subject to an uncertain nonlinear leader system. The results are illustrated by a simulation example.      
### 5.Risk of Phase Incoherence in Wide Area Control of Synchronous Power Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14675.pdf)
>  We develop a framework to quantify systemic risk measures in a class of Wide-Area-Control (WAC) laws in power networks in the presence of noisy and time-delayed sensory data. A closed-form calculation of the risk of phase incoherence in interconnected power networks is presented, and the effect of network parameters, information flow in WAC architecture, statistics of noise, and time-delays are characterized. We show that in the presence of time-delay and noise, a fundamental trade-off between the best achievable performance (via tuning feedback gains) and value-at-risk emerges. The significance of our results is that they provide a guideline for developing algorithmic design tools to enhance the coherency and robustness of closed-loop power networks simultaneously. Finally, we validate our theoretical findings through extensive simulation examples.      
### 6.Implementation of Convolutional Neural Network Architecture on 3D Multiparametric Magnetic Resonance Imaging for Prostate Cancer Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14644.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer is one of the most common causes of cancer deaths in men. There is a growing demand for noninvasively and accurately diagnostic methods that facilitate the current standard prostate cancer risk assessment in clinical practice. Still, developing computer-aided classification tools in prostate cancer diagnostics from multiparametric magnetic resonance images continues to be a challenge. In this work, we propose a novel deep learning approach for automatic classification of prostate lesions in the corresponding magnetic resonance images by constructing a two-stage multimodal multi-stream convolutional neural network (CNN)-based architecture framework. Without implementing sophisticated image preprocessing steps or third-party software, our framework achieved the classification performance with the area under a Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) curve value of 0.87. The result outperformed most of the submitted methods and shared the highest value reported by the PROSTATEx Challenge organizer. Our proposed CNN-based framework reflects the potential of assisting medical image interpretation in prostate cancer and reducing unnecessary biopsies.      
### 7.HPRN: Holistic Prior-embedded Relation Network for Spectral Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14608.pdf)
>  Spectral super-resolution (SSR) refers to the hyperspectral image (HSI) recovery from an RGB counterpart. Due to the one-to-many nature of the SSR problem, a single RGB image can be reprojected to many HSIs. The key to tackle this illposed problem is to plug into multi-source prior information such as the natural RGB spatial context-prior, deep feature-prior or inherent HSI statistical-prior, etc., so as to improve the confidence and fidelity of reconstructed spectra. However, most current approaches only consider the general and limited priors in their designing the customized convolutional neural networks (CNNs), which leads to the inability to effectively alleviate the degree of ill-posedness. To address the problematic issues, we propose a novel holistic prior-embedded relation network (HPRN) for SSR. Basically, the core framework is delicately assembled by several multi-residual relation blocks (MRBs) that fully facilitate the transmission and utilization of the low-frequency content prior of RGB signals. Innovatively, the semantic prior of RGB input is introduced to identify category attributes and a semantic-driven spatial relation module (SSRM) is put forward to perform the feature aggregation among the clustered similar characteristics using a semantic-embedded relation matrix. Additionally, we develop a transformer-based channel relation module (TCRM), which breaks the habit of employing scalars as the descriptors of channel-wise relations in the previous deep feature-prior and replaces them with certain vectors, together with Transformerstyle feature interactions, supporting the representations to be more discriminative. In order to maintain the mathematical correlation and spectral consistency between hyperspectral bands, the second-order prior constraints (SOPC) are incorporated into the loss function to guide the HSI reconstruction process.      
### 8.Industry 4.0: Challenges and success factors for adopting digital technologies in airports  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14574.pdf)
>  With the advent of Industry 4.0 technologies in the last decade, airports have undergone digitalisation to capitalise on the purported benefits of these technologies such as improved operational efficiency and passenger experience. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic with emergence of its variants (e.g. Delta, Omicron) has exacerbated the need for airports to adopt new technologies such as contactless and robotic technologies to facilitate travel during this pandemic. However, there is limited knowledge of recent challenges and success factors for adoption of digital technologies in airports. Therefore, through an industry survey of airport operators and managers around the world (n=102, 0.754&lt;Composite Reliability&lt;0.892; conducted during COVID-19), this study identifies the challenges faced in adopting Industry 4.0 technologies (n=20) as well as enhances understanding of best practices or success factors that supported technology adoption in airports. The widely used technology, organisation, environment (TOE) framework is used as a theoretically basis for the quantitative part of the questionnaire. A complementary qualitative part is used to underpin and extend the findings. The industry survey is the first-of-its-kind that was conducted to understand the implementation challenges that airport operators face in adopting Industry 4.0 technologies in the airport. The survey results have shown that that the Industry 4.0 technologies were not implemented to a similar extent in airports despite the generic challenges that were faced in adopting the various Industry 4.0 technologies in the airport.      
### 9.Onsite Non-Line-of-Sight Imaging via Online Calibrations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14555.pdf)
>  There has been an increasing interest in deploying non-line-of-sight (NLOS) imaging systems for recovering objects behind an obstacle. Existing solutions generally pre-calibrate the system before scanning the hidden objects. Onsite adjustments of the occluder, object and scanning pattern require re-calibration. We present an online calibration technique that directly decouples the acquired transients at onsite scanning into the LOS and hidden components. We use the former to directly (re)calibrate the system upon changes of scene/obstacle configurations, scanning regions, and scanning patterns whereas the latter for hidden object recovery via spatial, frequency or learning based techniques. Our technique avoids using auxiliary calibration apparatus such as mirrors or checkerboards and supports both laboratory validations and real-world deployments.      
### 10.Theoretical Development and Numerical Validation of an Asymmetric Linear Bilateral Control Model- Case Study for an Automated Truck Platoon  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14528.pdf)
>  In this paper, we theoretically develop and numerically validate an asymmetric linear bilateral control model (LBCM), in which the motion information (i.e., position and speed) from the immediate leading and following vehicles are weighted differently. The novelty of the asymmetric LBCM is that using this model all the follower vehicles in a platoon can adjust their acceleration and deceleration to closely follow a constant desired time headway at all times to improve platoon operational efficiency while maintaining local and string stability. We theoretically prove the local stability of the asymmetric LBCM using the condition for asymptotic stability of a linear time-invariant system and derive the condition for string stability using a space headway error attenuation approach. Then, we evaluate the efficacy of the asymmetric LBCM by simulating a closely coupled cooperative adaptive cruise control (CACC) platoon of fully automated trucks in various non-linear acceleration and deceleration states. To evaluate the platoon operational efficiency of the asymmetric LBCM, we compare the performance of the asymmetric LBCM to a baseline model, i.e., the symmetric LBCM, for three different time headway settings, i.e., 0.6 sec, 0.8 sec, and 1.1 sec. Our analyses indicate that the asymmetric LBCM yields lower sum of squared time headway error and sum of squared speed error compared to the baseline model considered in this study. These findings demonstrate the potential of the asymmetric LBCM in improving platoon operational efficiency and stability of an automated truck platoon.      
### 11.Optimal Sampled-Data Control of a Nonlinear System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14507.pdf)
>  Optimal sampled-data control of a nonlinear system is considered with the stable-manifold approach and extensive use of numerical techniques. The idea is to notice the Hamiltonian system associated with the considered optimal control problem and to compute trajectories on its stable manifold. Since the control input accompanied with those trajectories is proved to be optimal, the optimal control law can be obtained through interpolation. The stable-manifold approach was originally proposed for continuous-time optimal control and here it is adapted for sampled-data control based on the works of Navasca. In the case of sampled-data control, the approach requires the state transition of the controlled plant during one sampling period together with its derivatives with respect to the state and the input. Their computation is achieved by numerical techniques. Moreover, a shooting method is proposed for systematic generation of the trajectories and extension is considered for the intersample behavior to be taken into account. The proposed method is applied to tracking control of a wheeled mobile robot. It works successfully with a rather long sampling period.      
### 12.Variational-Based Non-linear Bayesian Filtering with Observations Subjected to Gross Errors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14432.pdf)
>  State estimation of dynamical systems is crucial for providing new decision-making and system automation information in different applications. However, the assumptions on the standard computational models for sensor measurements can be violated in practice due to different types of data abnormalities such as random and gross errors. In this work, we focus on the occurrence of gross errors and propose a robust filter for their detection and mitigation during state estimation of nonlinear dynamical systems. We model the presence of gross errors within the generative structure of the state-space models. Subsequently, employing the theory of Variational Bayes and general Gaussian filtering, we devise a recursive filter which we call the Bias Detecting and Mitigating (BDM) filter. As the error detection mechanism is embedded within the filter structure its dependence on any external detector is obviated. Simulations verify the performance gains of the proposed BDM filter compared to similar Kalman filtering-based approaches in terms of robustness to temporary and persistent bias presence.      
### 13.Machine Learning Methods for Spectral Efficiency Prediction in Massive MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14423.pdf)
>  Channel decoding, channel detection, channel assessment, and resource management for wireless multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems are all examples of problems where machine learning (ML) can be successfully applied. In this paper, we study several ML approaches to solve the problem of estimating the spectral efficiency (SE) value for a certain precoding scheme, preferably in the shortest possible time. The best results in terms of mean average percentage error (MAPE) are obtained with gradient boosting over sorted features, while linear models demonstrate worse prediction quality. Neural networks perform similarly to gradient boosting, but they are more resource- and time-consuming because of hyperparameter tuning and frequent retraining. We investigate the practical applicability of the proposed algorithms in a wide range of scenarios generated by the Quadriga simulator. In almost all scenarios, the MAPE achieved using gradient boosting and neural networks is less than 10\%.      
### 14.Fast Subspace Identification Method Based on Containerised Cloud Workflow Processing System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14349.pdf)
>  Subspace identification (SID) has been widely used in system identification and control fields since it can estimate system models only relying on the input and output data by reliable numerical operations such as singular value decomposition (SVD). However, high-dimension Hankel matrices are involved to store these data and used to obtain the system models, which increases the computation amount of SID and leads SID not suitable for the large-scale or real-time identification tasks. In this paper, a novel fast SID method based on cloud workflow processing and container technology is proposed to accelerate the traditional algorithm. First, a workflow-based structure of SID is designed to match the distributed cloud environment, based on the computational feature of each calculation stage. Second, a containerised cloud workflow processing system is established to execute the logic- and data- dependent SID workflow mission based on Kubernetes system. Finally, the experiments show that the computation time is reduced by at most $91.6\%$ for large-scale SID mission and decreased to within 20 ms for the real-time mission parameter.      
### 15.Design and Implementation of Data-driven Predictive Cloud Control System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14347.pdf)
>  Nowadays, the rapid increases of the scale and complexity of the controlled plants bring new challenges such as computing power and storage for conventional control systems. Cloud computing is concerned as a powerful solution to handle the complex large-scale control missions using sufficient computing resources. However, the developed computing ability enables more complex devices and mass data being involved and thus the applications of model-based algorithms are constrained. Motivated by the above, we propose an original data-driven predictive cloud control system. To achieve the proposed system, a practical data-driven predictive cloud control platform rather than only a numerical simulator is established and together a cloud-edge communication scheme is developed. Finally, the verification of simulations and experiments as well as discussions demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed system.      
### 16.Reachability Analysis for FollowerStopper: Safety Analysis and Experimental Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14345.pdf)
>  Motivated by earlier work and the developer of a new algorithm, the FollowerStopper, this article uses reachability analysis to verify the safety of the FollowerStopper algorithm, which is a controller designed for dampening stop- and-go traffic waves. With more than 1100 miles of driving data collected by our physical platform, we validate our analysis results by comparing it to human driving behaviors. The FollowerStopper controller has been demonstrated to dampen stop-and-go traffic waves at low speed, but previous analysis on its relative safety has been limited to upper and lower bounds of acceleration. To expand upon previous analysis, reachability analysis is used to investigate the safety at the speeds it was originally tested and also at higher speeds. Two formulations of safety analysis with different criteria are shown: distance-based and time headway-based. The FollowerStopper is considered safe with distance-based criterion. However, simulation results demonstrate that the FollowerStopper is not representative of human drivers - it follows too closely behind vehicles, specifically at a distance human would deem as unsafe. On the other hand, under the time headway-based safety analysis, the FollowerStopper is not considered safe anymore. A modified FollowerStopper is proposed to satisfy time-based safety criterion. Simulation results of the proposed FollowerStopper shows that its response represents human driver behavior better.      
### 17.Multi-Adversarial Safety Analysis for Autonomous Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14344.pdf)
>  This work in progress considers reachability-based safety analysis in the domain of autonomous driving in multi-agent systems. We formulate the safety problem for a car following scenario as a differential game and study how different modelling strategies yield very different behaviors regardless of the validity of the strategies in other scenarios. Given the nature of real-life driving scenarios, we propose a modeling strategy in our formulation that accounts for subtle interactions between agents, and compare its Hamiltonian results to other baselines. Our formulation encourages reduction of conservativeness in Hamilton-Jacobi safety analysis to provide better safety guarantees during navigation.      
### 18.Super-Efficient Super Resolution for Fast Adversarial Defense at the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14340.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems are highly vulnerable to a variety of adversarial attacks on Deep Neural Networks (DNNs). Training-free model-agnostic defenses have recently gained popularity due to their speed, ease of deployment, and ability to work across many DNNs. To this end, a new technique has emerged for mitigating attacks on image classification DNNs, namely, preprocessing adversarial images using super resolution -- upscaling low-quality inputs into high-resolution images. This defense requires running both image classifiers and super resolution models on constrained autonomous systems. However, super resolution incurs a heavy computational cost. Therefore, in this paper, we investigate the following question: Does the robustness of image classifiers suffer if we use tiny super resolution models? To answer this, we first review a recent work called Super-Efficient Super Resolution (SESR) that achieves similar or better image quality than prior art while requiring 2x to 330x fewer Multiply-Accumulate (MAC) operations. We demonstrate that despite being orders of magnitude smaller than existing models, SESR achieves the same level of robustness as significantly larger networks. Finally, we estimate end-to-end performance of super resolution-based defenses on a commercial Arm Ethos-U55 micro-NPU. Our findings show that SESR achieves nearly 3x higher FPS than a baseline while achieving similar robustness.      
### 19.Adoption of Industry 4.0 technologies in airports -- A systematic literature review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14333.pdf)
>  Airports have been constantly evolving and adopting digital technologies to improve operational efficiency, enhance passenger experience, generate ancillary revenues and boost capacity from existing infrastructure. The COVID-19 pandemic has also challenged airports and aviation stakeholders alike to adapt and manage new operational challenges such as facilitating a contactless travel experience and ensuring business continuity. Digitalisation using Industry 4.0 technologies offers opportunities for airports to address short-term challenges associated with the COVID-19 pandemic while also preparing for future long-term challenges that ensue the crisis. Through a systematic literature review of 102 relevant articles, we discuss the current state of adoption of Industry 4.0 technologies in airports, the associated challenges as well as future research directions. The results of this review suggest that the implementation of Industry 4.0 technologies is slowly gaining traction within the airport environment, and shall continue to remain relevant in the digital transformation journeys in developing future airports.      
### 20.Brain Tumor Classification by Cascaded Multiscale Multitask Learning Framework Based on Feature Aggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14320.pdf)
>  Brain tumor analysis in MRI images is a significant and challenging issue because misdiagnosis can lead to death. Diagnosis and evaluation of brain tumors in the early stages increase the probability of successful treatment. However, the complexity and variety of tumors, shapes, and locations make their segmentation and classification complex. In this regard, numerous researchers have proposed brain tumor segmentation and classification methods. This paper presents an approach that simultaneously segments and classifies brain tumors in MRI images using a framework that contains MRI image enhancement and tumor region detection. Eventually, a network based on a multitask learning approach is proposed. Subjective and objective results indicate that the segmentation and classification results based on evaluation metrics are better or comparable to the state-of-the-art.      
### 21.A Framework for the Joint Optimization of Assignment and Pricing in Mobility-on-Demand Systems with Shared Rides  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14297.pdf)
>  Mobility-on-Demand (MoD) systems have become a fixture in urban transportation networks, with the rapid growth of ride-hailing services such as Uber and Lyft. Ride-hailing is typically complemented with ridepooling options, which can reduce the negative externalities associated with ride-hailing services and increase the utilization of vehicles. Determining optimal policies for vehicle dispatching and pricing, two key components that enable MoD services, are challenging due to their massive scale and online nature. The challenge is amplified when the MoD platform offers exclusive (conventional ride-hailing) and shared services, and customers have the option to select between them. The pricing and dispatching problems are coupled because the realized demand depends on the quality of service (i.e., whom to share rides with) and the prices for each service type. We propose an integrated and computationally efficient method for solving the joint pricing and dispatching problem -- both when the problem is solved one request at a time or in batches (a common strategy in the industry). The main results of this research include showing that: (i) the sequential pricing problem has a closed-form solution under a multinomial logit (MNL) choice model, and (ii) the batched pricing problem is jointly concave in the expected demand distributions. To account for the spatial evolution of supply and demand, we introduce so-called retrospective costs to retain a tractable framework. Our numerical experiments demonstrate how this framework yields significant profit increases using taxicab data in Manhattan, New York City, compared to dynamic dispatching with static pricing policies.      
### 22.A Unifying Approach to Ultrasound Beamforming and Deconvolution Using ADMM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14294.pdf)
>  Beamforming is an essential step in the ultrasound image formation pipeline and has attracted growing interest recently. An important goal of beamforming is to improve the quality of the Point Spread Function (PSF), which is far from an ideal Dirac delta function in ultrasound imaging. Therefore, deconvolution as a well-known post-processing method is also used for mitigating the adverse effects of PSF. Unfortunately, these two steps have only been used separately in a sequential approach. Herein, a novel framework for combining both methods in ultrasound image reconstruction is introduced. More specifically, the proposed formulation is a regularized inverse problem including two linear models for beamforming and deconvolution plus additional sparsity constraint. We take benefits of the Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) algorithm to find the solution of the joint optimization problem. The performance evaluation is presented on a set of publicly available simulations, real phantoms, and in vivo data from the Plane-wave Imaging Challenge in Medical UltraSound (PICMUS). Furthermore, the superiority of the proposed approach in comparison with the sequential approach as well as each of other beamforming and deconvolution approaches alone are also shown. Results demonstrate that our approach combines the advantages of both methods and offers ultrasound images with high resolution and contrast.      
### 23.Cooperation in Space: HAPS-Aided Optical Inter-Satellite Connectivity with Opportunistic Scheduling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14212.pdf)
>  Issues with tracking, precision pointing, and Doppler shift are the major sources of performance loss in laser inter-satellite communication that can severely decrease the coverage and overall performance of satellite constellations. As a solution to these problems, we propose a cooperation strategy in which a high altitude platform station (HAPS) staying at a quasi-stationary position contributes to the inter-satellite connectivity. In this setup, the HAPS node uses two different scheduling approaches: one that relies on the zenith angle; the other on instantaneous signal-to-noise ratio. To quantify the performance of the proposed scheme, overall outage probabilities for the two scheduling methods are obtained. In addition, guidelines for the design of practical inter-satellite networks are provided.      
### 24.A Model-Based Architecture for Automatic Anesthesia Infusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14144.pdf)
>  This paper presents a model-based control architecture. Based on the Medical Cyber-physical Systems (MCPS) concept, we construct a safe and reliable automatic anesthesia control closed-loop system. The control architecture uses the patient's propofol pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic model, using the calculated results as a feedback signal to correct the model's uncertainties. During anesthesia, the bispectral index (BIS) level is used as a control variable to control the depth of anesthesia. The proposed control architecture can automatically adjust the infusion rate of anesthesia drugs without concussion or overshoot. The system adaptively adjusts the drug infusion rate to maintain the BIS level at a stable target value. We utilized MATLAB-Simulink to verify the effectiveness of this method, and the robustness test was carried out by adding noise blocks. At last, we analyze the simulation result of the average patient. In general, the proposed method achieves a stable and fast induction period during the maintenance phase of anesthesia with a good disturbance rejection.      
### 25.Analytical voltage estimation in power packet dispatching network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14031.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an analytical voltage estimation method for the power packet dispatching network. A unit power packet consists of signals and DC pulsed voltage waveform. In the network, power packets are transmitted among power packet routers (routers) by time-division multiplexing. Routers have capacitors as the storage of power during the power transmission. The power flows depending on the voltage gradient among the storage. The power flow in the network has been studied with numerical approaches. However, the existing studies have considered transmission losses but ignored transient responses. Considering transient responses, the power transmission analysis generally requires circuit simulation and takes considerable time. This paper focuses on a one-to-one connection between routers and underdamped conditions. They allow the estimation of storage voltages considering the transient responses without circuit simulation. First, theoretical analysis and experimental verification are performed on the conditions. Then, an analytical voltage estimation method is proposed by expanding the analysis of the one-to-one connection to the network. Comparison with circuit simulation reveals that the estimation method is accurate enough to analyze power transmission in the network.      
### 26.SECP-Net: SE-Connection Pyramid Network of Organ At Risk Segmentation for Nasopharyngeal Carcinoma  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14026.pdf)
>  Nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is a kind of malignant tumor. Accurate and automatic segmentation of organs at risk (OAR) of computed tomography (CT) images is clinically significant. In recent years, deep learning models represented by U-Net have been widely applied in medical image segmentation tasks, which can help doctors with reduction of workload and get accurate results more quickly. In OAR segmentation of NPC, the sizes of OAR are variable, especially, some of them are small. Traditional deep neural networks underperform during segmentation due to the lack use of global and multi-size information. This paper proposes a new SE-Connection Pyramid Network (SECP-Net). SECP-Net extracts global and multi-size information flow with se connection (SEC) modules and a pyramid structure of network for improving the segmentation performance, especially that of small organs. SECP-Net also designs an auto-context cascaded network to further improve the segmentation performance. Comparative experiments are conducted between SECP-Net and other recently methods on a dataset with CT images of head and neck. Five-fold cross validation is used to evaluate the performance based on two metrics, i.e., Dice and Jaccard similarity. Experimental results show that SECP-Net can achieve SOTA performance in this challenging task.      
### 27.Towards Low Light Enhancement with RAW Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14022.pdf)
>  In this paper, we make the first benchmark effort to elaborate on the superiority of using RAW images in the low light enhancement and develop a novel alternative route to utilize RAW images in a more flexible and practical way. Inspired by a full consideration on the typical image processing pipeline, we are inspired to develop a new evaluation framework, Factorized Enhancement Model (FEM), which decomposes the properties of RAW images into measurable factors and provides a tool for exploring how properties of RAW images affect the enhancement performance empirically. The empirical benchmark results show that the Linearity of data and Exposure Time recorded in meta-data play the most critical role, which brings distinct performance gains in various measures over the approaches taking the sRGB images as input. With the insights obtained from the benchmark results in mind, a RAW-guiding Exposure Enhancement Network (REENet) is developed, which makes trade-offs between the advantages and inaccessibility of RAW images in real applications in a way of using RAW images only in the training phase. REENet projects sRGB images into linear RAW domains to apply constraints with corresponding RAW images to reduce the difficulty of modeling training. After that, in the testing phase, our REENet does not rely on RAW images. Experimental results demonstrate not only the superiority of REENet to state-of-the-art sRGB-based methods and but also the effectiveness of the RAW guidance and all components.      
### 28.To Supervise or Not: How to Effectively Learn Wireless Interference Management Models?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14011.pdf)
>  Machine learning has become successful in solving wireless interference management problems. Different kinds of deep neural networks (DNNs) have been trained to accomplish key tasks such as power control, beamforming and admission control. There are two popular training paradigms for such DNNs-based interference management models: supervised learning (i.e., fitting labels generated by an optimization algorithm) and unsupervised learning (i.e., directly optimizing some system performance measure). Although both of these paradigms have been extensively applied in practice, due to the lack of any theoretical understanding about these methods, it is not clear how to systematically understand and compare their performance. <br>In this work, we conduct theoretical studies to provide some in-depth understanding about these two training paradigms. First, we show a somewhat surprising result, that for some special power control problem, the unsupervised learning can perform much worse than its supervised counterpart, because it is more likely to stuck at some low-quality local solutions. We then provide a series of theoretical results to further understand the properties of the two approaches. Generally speaking, we show that when high-quality labels are available, then the supervised learning is less likely to be stuck at a solution than its unsupervised counterpart. Additionally, we develop a semi-supervised learning approach which properly integrates these two training paradigms, and can effectively utilize limited number of labels to find high-quality solutions. To our knowledge, these are the first set of theoretical results trying to understand different training approaches in learning-based wireless communication system design.      
### 29.Real-Time Power System Dynamic Simulation using Windowing based Waveform Relaxation Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13990.pdf)
>  Power system dynamic modeling involves nonlinear differential and algebraic equations (DAEs). Solving DAEs for large power grid networks by direct implicit numerical methods could be inefficient in terms of solution time; thus, such methods are not preferred when real-time or faster than real-time performance is sought. Hence, this paper revisits Waveform Relaxation (WR) algorithm, as a distributed computational technique to solve power system dynamic simulations. Case studies performed on the IEEE NE 10-generator 39-bus system demonstrate that, for a certain simulation time window, the solve time for WR method is larger than the length of the simulation window; thus, WR lacks the performance needed for real-time simulators, even for a small power network. To achieve real-time performance, then a Windowing technique is applied on top of the WR, for which the solve time was obtained less than the length of a simulation window, that shows the effectiveness of the proposed method for real-time dynamic simulation of power systems.      
### 30.Towards Transactive Energy: An Analysis of Information-related Practical Issues  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13979.pdf)
>  The development of distributed energy resources, such as rooftop photovoltaic (PV) panels, batteries, electric vehicles (EVs), and flexible loads, is shifting our power systems operation from a centralized manner to a decentralized manner, where local energy exchanges are empowered by transactive energy markets. Transactive energy contributes to building a low-carbon energy system by better matching the distributed renewable sources and demand. Effective market mechanisms are the key part of transactive energy design. Despite the fruitful research on related topics, there are some practical challenges remain to be addressed. This review surveys three practical issues particularly related to the information exchange in transactive energy, i.e., asynchronous-computing, truthful-reporting, and privacy-preserving. We summarize the state-of-the-art results and introduce relevant theories from multi-disciplinary. Based on these, we point out some possible research directions, which may provide some insights for future study.      
### 31.A Gridless Fourth-order Cumulant-Based DOA Estimation Method under Unknown Colored Noise  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13948.pdf)
>  To reduce the adverse impacts of the unknown colored noise on the performance degradation of the direction-of-arrival (DOA) estimation, we propose a new gridless DOA estimation method based on fourth-order cumulant (FOC)in this letter. We first introduce the non-redundancy single measurement vector (SMV) through FOC, which is capable of suppressing the Gaussian colored noise. Next, we analyze the distribution of the estimation error and design an estimation error tolerance scheme for it. We then combine the atomic norm minimization of the non-redundancy SMV with the above constraint scheme. This combination poses the stability of the sparsest solution. Finally, the DOA estimation is retrieved through rotational invariance techniques. Moreover, this method extends the gridless DOA estimation to the sparse linear array. Numerical simulations validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 32.Non-Reference Quality Monitoring of Digital Images using Gradient Statistics and Feedforward Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13893.pdf)
>  Digital images contain a lot of redundancies, therefore, compressions are applied to reduce the image size without the loss of reasonable image quality. The same become more prominent in the case of videos that contains image sequences and higher compression ratios are achieved in low throughput networks. Assessment of the quality of images in such scenarios becomes of particular interest. Subjective evaluation in most of the scenarios becomes infeasible so objective evaluation is preferred. Among the three objective quality measures, full-reference and reduced-reference methods require an original image in some form to calculate the quality score which is not feasible in scenarios such as broadcasting or IP video. Therefore, a non-reference quality metric is proposed to assess the quality of digital images which calculates luminance and multiscale gradient statistics along with mean subtracted contrast normalized products as features to train a Feedforward Neural Network with Scaled Conjugate Gradient. The trained network has provided good regression and R2 measures and further testing on LIVE Image Quality Assessment database release-2 has shown promising results. Pearson, Kendall, and Spearman's correlation are calculated between predicted and actual quality scores and their results are comparable to the state-of-the-art systems. Moreover, the proposed metric is computationally faster than its counterparts and can be used for the quality assessment of image sequences.      
### 33.MedShift: identifying shift data for medical dataset curation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13885.pdf)
>  To curate a high-quality dataset, identifying data variance between the internal and external sources is a fundamental and crucial step. However, methods to detect shift or variance in data have not been significantly researched. Challenges to this are the lack of effective approaches to learn dense representation of a dataset and difficulties of sharing private data across medical institutions. To overcome the problems, we propose a unified pipeline called MedShift to detect the top-level shift samples and thus facilitate the medical curation. Given an internal dataset A as the base source, we first train anomaly detectors for each class of dataset A to learn internal distributions in an unsupervised way. Second, without exchanging data across sources, we run the trained anomaly detectors on an external dataset B for each class. The data samples with high anomaly scores are identified as shift data. To quantify the shiftness of the external dataset, we cluster B's data into groups class-wise based on the obtained scores. We then train a multi-class classifier on A and measure the shiftness with the classifier's performance variance on B by gradually dropping the group with the largest anomaly score for each class. Additionally, we adapt a dataset quality metric to help inspect the distribution differences for multiple medical sources. We verify the efficacy of MedShift with musculoskeletal radiographs (MURA) and chest X-rays datasets from more than one external source. Experiments show our proposed shift data detection pipeline can be beneficial for medical centers to curate high-quality datasets more efficiently. An interface introduction video to visualize our results is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://youtu.be/V3BF0P1sxQE" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Astronomical Image Colorization and upscaling with Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13865.pdf)
>  Automatic colorization of images without human intervention has been a subject of interest in the machine learning community for a brief period of time. Assigning color to an image is a highly ill-posed problem because of its innate nature of possessing very high degrees of freedom; given an image, there is often no single color-combination that is correct. Besides colorization, another problem in reconstruction of images is Single Image Super Resolution, which aims at transforming low resolution images to a higher resolution. This research aims to provide an automated approach for the problem by focusing on a very specific domain of images, namely astronomical images, and process them using Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). We explore the usage of various models in two different color spaces, RGB and L*a*b. We use transferred learning owing to a small data set, using pre-trained ResNet-18 as a backbone, i.e. encoder for the U-net and fine-tune it further. The model produces visually appealing images which hallucinate high resolution, colorized data in these results which does not exist in the original image. We present our results by evaluating the GANs quantitatively using distance metrics such as L1 distance and L2 distance in each of the color spaces across all channels to provide a comparative analysis. We use Frechet inception distance (FID) to compare the distribution of the generated images with the distribution of the real image to assess the model's performance.      
### 35.Sets of Low Correlation Sequences from Cyclotomy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14719.pdf)
>  Low correlation (finite length) sequences are used in communications and remote sensing. One seeks codebooks of sequences in which each sequence has low aperiodic autocorrelation at all nonzero shifts, and each pair of distinct sequences has low aperiodic crosscorrelation at all shifts. An overall criterion of codebook quality is the demerit factor, which normalizes all sequences to unit Euclidean norm, sums the squared magnitudes of all the correlations between every pair of sequences in the codebook (including sequences with themselves to cover autocorrelations), and divides by the square of the number of sequences in the codebook. This demerit factor is expected to be $1+1/N-1/(\ell N)$ for a codebook of $N$ randomly selected binary sequences of length $\ell$, but we want demerit factors much closer to the absolute minimum value of $1$. For each $N$ such that there is an $N\times N$ Hadamard matrix, we use cyclotomy to construct an infinite family of codebooks of binary sequences, in which each codebook has $N-1$ sequences of length $p$, where $p$ runs through the primes with $N\mid p-1$. As $p$ tends to infinity, the demerit factor of the codebooks tends to $1+1/(6(N-1))$, and the maximum magnitude of the undesirable correlations (crosscorrelations between distinct sequences and off-peak autocorrelations) is less than a small constant times $\sqrt{p}\log(p)$. This construction also generalizes to nonbinary sequences.      
### 36.Dynamic Channel Access and Power Control in Wireless Interference Networks via Multi-Agent Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14709.pdf)
>  Due to the scarcity in the wireless spectrum and limited energy resources especially in mobile applications, efficient resource allocation strategies are critical in wireless networks. Motivated by the recent advances in deep reinforcement learning (DRL), we address multi-agent DRL-based joint dynamic channel access and power control in a wireless interference network. We first propose a multi-agent DRL algorithm with centralized training (DRL-CT) to tackle the joint resource allocation problem. In this case, the training is performed at the central unit (CU) and after training, the users make autonomous decisions on their transmission strategies with only local information. We demonstrate that with limited information exchange and faster convergence, DRL-CT algorithm can achieve 90% of the performance achieved by the combination of weighted minimum mean square error (WMMSE) algorithm for power control and exhaustive search for dynamic channel access. In the second part of this paper, we consider distributed multi-agent DRL scenario in which each user conducts its own training and makes its decisions individually, acting as a DRL agent. Finally, as a compromise between centralized and fully distributed scenarios, we consider federated DRL (FDRL) to approach the performance of DRL-CT with the use of a central unit in training while limiting the information exchange and preserving privacy of the users in the wireless system. Via simulation results, we show that proposed learning frameworks lead to efficient adaptive channel access and power control policies in dynamic environments.      
### 37.Asymptotic Learning Requirements for Stealth Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14698.pdf)
>  Information-theoretic stealth attacks are data injection attacks that minimize the amount of information acquired by the operator about the state variables, while simultaneously limiting the Kullback-Leibler divergence between the distribution of the measurements under attack and the distribution under normal operation with the aim of controling the probability of detection. For Gaussian distributed state variables, attack construction requires knowledge of the second order statistics of the state variables, which is estimated from a finite number of past realizations using a sample covariance matrix. Within this framework, the attack performance is studied for the attack construction with the sample covariance matrix. This results in an analysis of the amount of data required to learn the covariance matrix of the state variables used on the attack construction. The ergodic attack performance is characterized using asymptotic random matrix theory tools, and the variance of the attack performance is bounded. The ergodic performance and the variance bounds are assessed with simulations on IEEE test systems.      
### 38.Bayesian Compressive Channel Estimation for Hybrid Full-Dimensional MIMO Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14633.pdf)
>  Efficient channel estimation is challenging in full-dimensional multiple-input multiple-output communication systems, particularly in those with hybrid digital-analog architectures. Under a compressive sensing framework, this letter first designs a uniform dictionary based on a spherical Fibonacci grid to represent channels in a sparse domain, yielding smaller angular errors in three-dimensional beamspace than traditional dictionaries. Then, a Bayesian inference-aided greedy pursuit algorithm is developed to estimate channels in the frequency domain. Finally, simulation results demonstrate that both the designed dictionary and the proposed Bayesian channel estimation outperform the benchmark schemes and attain a lower normalized mean squared error of channel estimation.      
### 39.Distance-Aware Precoding for Near-Field Capacity Improvement in XL-MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14598.pdf)
>  Extremely large-scale MIMO (XL-MIMO) communication is a promising technology to improve the capacity for future 6G networks. With a very large number of antennas, the near-field property of XL-MIMO systems becomes dominant. Unlike the classical far-field line-of-sight (LoS) channel with rank one, the significantly increased degrees of freedom (DoFs) are available in the near-field LoS channel. However, limited by the small number of radio frequency (RF) chains, the existing hybrid precoding architecture widely used for 5G is not able to utilize the extra DoFs in the near-field region. In this paper, we propose the distance-aware precoding (DAP) scheme to exploit the near-field effect as a new possibility for capacity improvement. Firstly, the DAP architecture is developed, where each RF chain can be flexibly controlled as active or inactive according to the distance-related DoFs. Then, a dedicated selection circuit is inserted to connect phase shifters and RF chains. Moreover, based on the developed DAP architecture, a DAP algorithm is proposed to jointly optimize the number of activated RF chains and precoding matrices to match the increased DoFs in the near-field region. Finally, simulation results verify that, the proposed DAP scheme can efficiently utilize the extra DoFs in the near-field region to improve the capacity.      
### 40.Spatial Distribution Patterns of Clownfish in Recirculating Aquaculture Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14513.pdf)
>  Monitoring and detecting fish behaviors provide essential information on fish welfare and contribute to achieving intelligent production in global aquaculture. This work proposes an efficient approach to analyze the spatial distribution status and motion patterns of juvenile clownfish (Amphiprion bicinctus) maintained in aquaria at three stocking densities (1, 5, and 10 individuals/aquarium). The estimated displacement is the key factor in assessing the dispersion and velocity to express the clownfish's spatial distribution and movement behavior in a recirculating aquaculture system. Indeed, we aim at computing the velocity, magnitude, and turning angle using an optical flow method to assist aquaculturists in efficiently monitoring and identifying fish behavior. We test the system design on a database containing two days of video streams of juvenile clownfish maintained in aquaria. The proposed displacement estimation reveals good performance in measuring clownfish's motion and dispersion characteristics. Furthermore, we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed technique for quantifying variation in clownfish activity levels between recordings taken in the morning and afternoon.      
### 41.Baihe: SysML Framework for AI-driven Databases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14460.pdf)
>  We present Baihe, a SysML Framework for AI-driven Databases. Using Baihe, an existing relational database system may be retrofitted to use learned components for query optimization or other common tasks, such as e.g. learned structure for indexing. To ensure the practicality and real world applicability of Baihe, its high level architecture is based on the following requirements: separation from the core system, minimal third party dependencies, Robustness, stability and fault tolerance, as well as stability and configurability. Based on the high level architecture, we then describe a concrete implementation of Baihe for PostgreSQL and present example use cases for learned query optimizers. To serve both practitioners, as well as researchers in the DB and AI4DB community Baihe for PostgreSQL will be released under open source license.      
### 42.Fully Distributed Informative Planning for Environmental Learning with Multi-Robot Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14433.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a cooperative environmental learning algorithm working in a fully distributed manner. A multi-robot system is more effective for exploration tasks than a single robot, but it involves the following challenges: 1) online distributed learning of environmental map using multiple robots; 2) generation of safe and efficient exploration path based on the learned map; and 3) maintenance of the scalability with respect to the number of robots. To this end, we divide the entire process into two stages of environmental learning and path planning. Distributed algorithms are applied in each stage and combined through communication between adjacent robots. The environmental learning algorithm uses a distributed Gaussian process, and the path planning algorithm uses a distributed Monte Carlo tree search. As a result, we build a scalable system without the constraint on the number of robots. Simulation results demonstrate the performance and scalability of the proposed system. Moreover, a real-world-dataset-based simulation validates the utility of our algorithm in a more realistic scenario.      
### 43.Invertible Image Dataset Protection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14420.pdf)
>  Deep learning has achieved enormous success in various industrial applications. Companies do not want their valuable data to be stolen by malicious employees to train pirated models. Nor do they wish the data analyzed by the competitors after using them online. We propose a novel solution for dataset protection in this scenario by robustly and reversibly transform the images into adversarial images. We develop a reversible adversarial example generator (RAEG) that introduces slight changes to the images to fool traditional classification models. Even though malicious attacks train pirated models based on the defensed versions of the protected images, RAEG can significantly weaken the functionality of these models. Meanwhile, the reversibility of RAEG ensures the performance of authorized models. Extensive experiments demonstrate that RAEG can better protect the data with slight distortion against adversarial defense than previous methods.      
### 44.Control Theoretic Analysis of Temporal Difference Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14417.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to investigate a control theoretic analysis of linear stochastic iterative algorithm and temporal difference (TD) learning. TD-learning is a linear stochastic iterative algorithm to estimate the value function of a given policy for a Markov decision process, which is one of the most popular and fundamental reinforcement learning algorithms. While there has been a series of successful works in theoretical analysis of TD-learning, it was not until recently that researchers found some guarantees on its statistical efficiency. In this paper, we propose a control theoretic finite-time analysis TD-learning, which exploits standard notions in linear system control communities. Therefore, the proposed work provides additional insights on TD-learning and reinforcement learning with simple concepts and analysis tools in control theory.      
### 45.Data-Driven Computational Methods for the Domain of Attraction and Zubov's Equation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14415.pdf)
>  This paper deals with a special type of Lyapunov functions, namely the solution of Zubov's equation. Such a function can be used to characterize the domain of attraction for systems of ordinary differential equations. We derive and prove an integral form solution to Zubov's equation. For numerical computation, we develop two data-driven methods. One is based on the integration of an augmented system of differential equations; and the other one is based on deep learning. The former is effective for systems with a relatively low state space dimension and the latter is developed for high dimensional problems. The deep learning method is applied to a New England 10-generator power system model. We prove that a neural network approximation exists for the Lyapunov function of power systems such that the approximation error is a cubic polynomial of the number of generators. The error convergence rate as a function of n, the number of neurons, is proved.      
### 46.Perceptive Mobile Network with Distributed Target Monitoring Terminals: Leaking Communication Energy for Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14391.pdf)
>  Integrated sensing and communication enables sensing capability for wireless networks. However, the interference management and resource allocation between sensing and communication have not been fully studied. In this paper, we consider the design of perceptive mobile networks (PMNs) by adding sensing capability to current cellular networks. To avoid the full-duplex operation and reduce interference, we propose the PMN with distributed target monitoring terminals (TMTs) where passive TMTs are deployed over wireless networks to locate the sensing target (ST). We then jointly optimize the transmit and receive beamformers towards the communication user terminals (UEs) and the ST by alternating-optimization (AO) and prove its convergence. To reduce computation complexity and obtain physical insights, we further investigate the use of linear transceivers, including zero forcing and beam synthesis (B-syn), and show that B-syn can achieve comparable sensing performance as AO especially when the communication requirement is high. Some interesting physical insights are also revealed. For example, instead of forming a dedicated sensing signal, it is more efficient to jointly design the communication signals for different UEs such that they ``collaboratively leak" energy to the ST. Furthermore, the amount of energy leakage from one UE to the ST depends on their relative locations.      
### 47.Ensemble Recognition in Reproducing Kernel Hilbert Spaces through Aggregated Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14307.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the problem of learning dynamical properties of ensemble systems from their collective behaviors using statistical approaches in reproducing kernel Hilbert space (RKHS). Specifically, we provide a framework to identify and cluster multiple ensemble systems through computing the maximum mean discrepancy (MMD) between their aggregated measurements in an RKHS, without any prior knowledge of the system dynamics of ensembles. Then, leveraging on a gradient flow of the newly proposed notion of aggregated Markov parameters, we present a systematic framework to recognize and identify an ensemble systems using their linear approximations. Finally, we demonstrate that the proposed approaches can be extended to cluster multiple unknown ensembles in RKHS using their aggregated measurements. Numerical experiments show that our approach is reliable and robust to ensembles with different types of system dynamics.      
### 48.On Uniform Ensemble Controllability of Diagonalizable Linear Ensemble Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14301.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study uniform ensemble controllability (UEC) of linear ensemble systems defined in an infinite-dimensional space through finite-dimensional settings. Specifically, with the help of the Stone-Weierstrass theorem for modules, we provide an algebraic framework for examining UEC of linear ensemble systems with diagonalizable drift vector fields through checking the controllability of finite-dimensional subsystems in the ensemble. The new framework renders a novel concept of ensemble controllability matrix, which rank-condition serves as a sufficient and necessary condition for UEC of linear ensembles. We provide several examples demonstrating that the proposed approach well-encompasses existing results and analyzes UEC of linear ensembles not addressed by literature.      
### 49.Joint Activity and Blind Information Detection for UAV-Assisted Massive IoT Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14209.pdf)
>  Grant-free non-coherent index-modulation (NC-IM) has been recently considered as an efficient massive access scheme for enabling cost- and energy-limited Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices with small data packets. This paper investigates the grant-free NC-IM combined with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing for unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based massive IoT access. Specifically, each device is assigned a unique non-orthogonal signature sequence codebook. Each active device transmits one of its signature sequences in the given time-frequency resources, by modulating the information in the index of the transmitted signature sequence. For small-scale MIMO equipped at the UAV-based aerial base station (BS), by jointly exploiting the space-time-frequency domain device activity, we propose a computationally efficient space-time-frequency joint activity and blind information detection (JABID) algorithm with significantly improved detection performance. Furthermore, for large-scale MIMO equipped at the aerial BS, by leveraging the sparsity of the virtual angular-domain channels, we propose an angular-domain based JABID algorithm for improving the system performance with reduced access latency. In addition, for the case of high mobility IoT devices and/or UAVs, we introduce a time-frequency spread transmission (TFST) strategy for the proposed JABID algorithms to combat doubly-selective fading channels. Finally, extensive simulation results are illustrated to verify the superiority of our proposed algorithms and the TFST strategy over known state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 50.Enhanced Wi-Fi RTT Ranging: A Sensor-Aided Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14138.pdf)
>  The fine timing measurement (FTM) protocol is designed to determine precise ranging between Wi-Fi devices using round-trip time (RTT) measurements. However, the multipath propagation of radio waves generates inaccurate timing information, degrading the ranging performance. In this study, we use a neural network (NN) to adaptively learn the unique measurement patterns observed at different indoor environments and produce enhanced ranging outputs from raw FTM measurements. Moreover, the NN is trained based on an unsupervised learning framework, using the naturally accumulated sensor data acquired from users accessing location services. Therefore, the effort involved in collecting training data is significantly minimized. The experimental results verified that the collection of unlabeled data for a short duration is sufficient to learn the pattern in raw FTM measurements and produce improved ranging results. The proposed method reduced the ranging errors in raw distance measurements and well-calibrated ranging results requiring the collection of ground truth data by 47-50% and 17-29%, respectively. Consequently, positioning error reduced by 17-30% compared to the result with well-calibrated ranging.      
### 51.Empowering Base Stations with Co-Site Intelligent Reflecting Surfaces: User Association, Channel Estimation and Reflection Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14135.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) has emerged as a promising technique to enhance wireless communication performance cost effectively. The existing literature has mainly considered IRS being deployed near user terminals to improve their performance. However, this approach may incur a high cost if IRSs need to be densely deployed in the network to cater to random user locations. To avoid such high deployment cost, in this paper we consider a new IRS aided wireless network architecture, where IRSs are deployed in the vicinity of each base station (BS) to assist in its communications with distributed users regardless of their locations. Besides significantly enhancing IRSs' signal coverage, this scheme helps reduce the IRS associated channel estimation overhead as compared to conventional user-side IRSs, by exploiting the nearly static BS-IRS channels over short distance. For this scheme, we propose a new two stage transmission protocol to achieve IRS channel estimation and reflection optimization for uplink data transmission efficiently. In addition, we propose effective methods for solving the user IRS association problem based on long term channel knowledge and the selected user IRS BS cascaded channel estimation problem. Finally, all IRSs' passive reflections are jointly optimized with the BS's multi-antenna receive combining to maximize the minimum achievable rate among all users for data transmission. Numerical results show that the proposed co site IRS empowered BS scheme can achieve significant performance gains over the conventional BS without co site IRS and existing schemes for IRS channel estimation and reflection optimization, thus enabling an appealing low cost and high performance BS design for future wireless networks.      
### 52.Reliability of Event Timing in Silicon Neurons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14134.pdf)
>  Analog, low-voltage electronics show great promise in producing silicon neurons (SiNs) with unprecedented levels of energy efficiency. Yet, their inherently high susceptibility to process, voltage and temperature (PVT) variations, and noise has long been recognised as a major bottleneck in developing effective neuromorphic solutions. Inspired by spike transmission studies in biophysical, neocortical neurons, we demonstrate that the inherent noise and variability can coexist with reliable spike transmission in analog SiNs, similarly to biological neurons. We illustrate this property on a recent neuromorphic model of a bursting neuron by showcasing three different relevant types of reliable event transmission: single spike transmission, burst transmission, and the on-off control of a half-centre oscillator (HCO) network.      
### 53.Nonlinear control laws based on linear ones using odd functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14131.pdf)
>  The paper investigates nonlinear control laws obtained from linear one by two types of substitutions using odd functions. The first substitution consists in passing each component of the state vector through a nonlinear function, the second substitution is in passing the entire linear control law through a nonlinear function. To study such systems, it is proposed to represent nonlinear functions as linear ones with a nonlinear slope. Such a representation will make it possible to use the linear matrix inequalities (LMIs) to study the stability of the closed-loop systems. The stability regions and the regions for the initial conditions are found, which are obtained as a result of a multistep procedure for finding solutions of LMIs. It is shown that the use of the proposed nonlinear control laws makes it possible to reduce the steady-state error in comparison with the linear ones.      
### 54.Control of dynamic systems with restrictions on input and output signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14123.pdf)
>  The paper considers the generalization of the method proposed by I.B. Furtat, P.A. Gushchin in "Automation and Remote Control", 2021, No. 4 for systems with an arbitrary ratio of the number of input and output signals and with a guarantee of their being in a given set. To solve the problem, two coordinate changes are proposed. The first coordinate change reduces the output variable of the system to a new variable which dimension does not exceed the control dimension. The second coordinate change allows one to pass from a constrained control problem to an unconstrained one. In order to illustrate the efficiency of the method, the solution of two problems is considered. The first task is state feedback control of linear systems, taking into account the constraints on the control signal and phase variables. The second task is output feedback control of linear systems with a restriction on output and control. In both problems, checking the stability of the closed-loop system is formulated in terms of the solvability of linear matrix inequalities. The obtained results are accompanied by examples of modeling that illustrate the efficiency of the proposed method.      
### 55.Unsourced Random Massive Access with Beam-Space Tree Decoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14024.pdf)
>  The core requirement of massive Machine-Type Communication (mMTC) is to support reliable and fast access for an enormous number of machine-type devices (MTDs). In many practical applications, the base station (BS) only concerns the list of received messages instead of the source information, introducing the emerging concept of unsourced random access (URA). Although some massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) URA schemes have been proposed recently, the unique propagation properties of millimeter-wave (mmWave) massive MIMO systems are not fully exploited in conventional URA schemes. In grant-free random access, the BS cannot perform receive beamforming independently as the identities of active users are unknown to the BS. Therefore, only the intrinsic beam division property can be exploited to improve the decoding performance. In this paper, a URA scheme based on beam-space tree decoding is proposed for mmWave massive MIMO system. Specifically, two beam-space tree decoders are designed based on hard decision and soft decision, respectively, to utilize the beam division property. They both leverage the beam division property to assist in discriminating the sub-blocks transmitted from different users. Besides, the first decoder can reduce the searching space, enjoying a low complexity. The second decoder exploits the advantage of list decoding to recover the miss-detected packets. Simulation results verify the superiority of the proposed URA schemes compared to the conventional URA schemes in terms of error probability.      
### 56.Multi-Band Wi-Fi Sensing with Matched Feature Granularity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.14006.pdf)
>  Complementary to the fine-grained channel state information (CSI) from the physical layer and coarse-grained received signal strength indicator (RSSI) measurements, the mid-grained spatial beam attributes (e.g., beam SNR) that are available at millimeter-wave (mmWave) bands during the mandatory beam training phase can be repurposed for Wi-Fi sensing applications. In this paper, we propose a multi-band Wi-Fi fusion method for Wi-Fi sensing that hierarchically fuses the features from both the fine-grained CSI at sub-6 GHz and the mid-grained beam SNR at 60 GHz in a granularity matching framework. The granularity matching is realized by pairing two feature maps from the CSI and beam SNR at different granularity levels and linearly combining all paired feature maps into a fused feature map with learnable weights. <br>To further address the issue of limited labeled training data, we propose an autoencoder-based multi-band Wi-Fi fusion network that can be pre-trained in an unsupervised fashion. Once the autoencoder-based fusion network is pre-trained, we detach the decoders and append multi-task sensing heads to the fused feature map by fine-tuning the fusion block and re-training the multi-task heads from the scratch. The multi-band Wi-Fi fusion framework is thoroughly validated by in-house experimental Wi-Fi sensing datasets spanning three tasks: 1) pose recognition; 2) occupancy sensing; and 3) indoor localization. Comparison to four baseline methods (i.e., CSI-only, beam SNR-only, input fusion, and feature fusion) demonstrates the granularity matching improves the multi-task sensing performance. Quantitative performance is evaluated as a function of the number of labeled training data, latent space dimension, and fine-tuning learning rates.      
### 57.Quaternion-based dynamic mode decomposition for background modeling in color videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13982.pdf)
>  Scene Background Initialization (SBI) is one of the challenging problems in computer vision. Dynamic mode decomposition (DMD) is a recently proposed method to robustly decompose a video sequence into the background model and the corresponding foreground part. However, this method needs to convert the color image into the grayscale image for processing, which leads to the neglect of the coupling information between the three channels of the color image. In this study, we propose a quaternion-based DMD (Q-DMD), which extends the DMD by quaternion matrix analysis, so as to completely preserve the inherent color structure of the color image and the color video. We exploit the standard eigenvalues of the quaternion matrix to compute its spectral decomposition and calculate the corresponding Q-DMD modes and eigenvalues. The results on the publicly available benchmark datasets prove that our Q-DMD outperforms the exact DMD method, and experiment results also demonstrate that the performance of our approach is comparable to that of the state-of-the-art ones.      
### 58.3D Fourier ghost imaging via semi-calibrated photometric stereo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13967.pdf)
>  We achieved three-dimensional (3D) computational ghost imaging with multiple photoresistors serving as single-pixel detectors using semi-calibrated lighting approach. We performed imaging in the spatial frequency domain by having each photoresistor obtain the Fourier spectrum of the scene at a low spectral coverage ratio of 5%. To retrieve a depth map of a scene, we inverted, apodized, and applied semi-calibrated photometric stereo (SCPS) to the spectra. At least 93.5% accuracy was achieved for the 3D results of the apodized set of images applied with SCPS in comparison with the ground truth. Furthermore, intensity error map statistics obtained at least 97.0% accuracy for the estimated surface normals using our method. Our system does not need special calibration objects or any additional optical components to perform accurate 3D imaging, making it easily adaptable. Our method can be applied in current imaging systems where multiple detectors operating at any wavelength are used for two-dimensional (2D) imaging, such as imaging cosmological objects. Employing the idea of changing light patterns to illuminate a target scene and having stored information about these patterns, the data retrieved by one detector will give the 2D information while the multiple-detector system can be used to get a 3D profile.      
### 59.Safe Reinforcement Learning with Chance-constrained Model Predictive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.13941.pdf)
>  Real-world reinforcement learning (RL) problems often demand that agents behave safely by obeying a set of designed constraints. We address the challenge of safe RL by coupling a safety guide based on model predictive control (MPC) with a modified policy gradient framework in a linear setting with continuous actions. The guide enforces safe operation of the system by embedding safety requirements as chance constraints in the MPC formulation. The policy gradient training step then includes a safety penalty which trains the base policy to behave safely. We show theoretically that this penalty allows for the safety guide to be removed after training and illustrate our method using experiments with a simulator quadrotor.      
### 60.ProBF: Learning Probabilistic Safety Certificates with Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.12210.pdf)
>  Safety-critical applications require controllers/policies that can guarantee safety with high confidence. The control barrier function is a useful tool to guarantee safety if we have access to the ground-truth system dynamics. In practice, we have inaccurate knowledge of the system dynamics, which can lead to unsafe behaviors due to unmodeled residual dynamics. Learning the residual dynamics with deterministic machine learning models can prevent the unsafe behavior but can fail when the predictions are imperfect. In this situation, a probabilistic learning method that reasons about the uncertainty of its predictions can help provide robust safety margins. In this work, we use a Gaussian process to model the projection of the residual dynamics onto a control barrier function. We propose a novel optimization procedure to generate safe controls that can guarantee safety with high probability. The safety filter is provided with the ability to reason about the uncertainty of the predictions from the GP. We show the efficacy of this method through experiments on Segway and Quadrotor simulations. Our proposed probabilistic approach is able to reduce the number of safety violations significantly as compared to the deterministic approach with a neural network.      
