# ArXiv eess --Fri, 10 Dec 2021
### 1.Fast Electromagnetic Validations of Large-Scale Digital Coding Metasurfaces Accelerated by Recurrence Rebuild and Retrieval Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05082.pdf)
>  The recurrence rebuild and retrieval method (R3M) is proposed in this paper to accelerate the electromagnetic (EM) validations of large-scale digital coding metasurfaces (DCMs). R3M aims to accelerate the EM validations of DCMs with varied codebooks, which involves the analysis of a group of similar but distinct coding patterns. The method transforms general DCMs to rigorously periodic arrays by replacing each coding unit with the macro unit, which comprises all possible coding states. The system matrix corresponding to the rigorously periodic array is globally shared for DCMs with arbitrary codebooks via implicit retrieval. The discrepancy of the interactions for edge and corner units are precluded by the basis extension of periodic boundaries. Moreover, the hierarchical pattern exploitation algorithm is leveraged to efficiently assemble the system matrix for further acceleration. Due to the fully utilization of the rigid periodicity, the computational complexity of R3M is theoretically lower than that of $\mathcal{H}$-matrix within the same paradigm. Numerical results for two types of DCMs indicate that R3M is accurate in comparison with commercial software. Besides, R3M is also compatible with the preconditioning for efficient iterative solutions. The efficiency of R3M for DCMs outperforms the conventional fast algorithms by a large margin in both the storage and CPU time cost.      
### 2.X-Vector based voice activity detection for multi-genre broadcast speech-to-text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05016.pdf)
>  Voice Activity Detection (VAD) is a fundamental preprocessing step in automatic speech recognition. This is especially true within the broadcast industry where a wide variety of audio materials and recording conditions are encountered. Based on previous studies which indicate that xvector embeddings can be applied to a diverse set of audio classification tasks, we investigate the suitability of x-vectors in discriminating speech from noise. We find that the proposed x-vector based VAD system achieves the best reported score in detecting clean speech on AVA-Speech, whilst retaining robust VAD performance in the presence of noise and music. Furthermore, we integrate the x-vector based VAD system into an existing STT pipeline and compare its performance on multiple broadcast datasets against a baseline system with WebRTC VAD. Crucially, our proposed x-vector based VAD improves the accuracy of STT transcription on real-world broadcast audio      
### 3.Sparse-View CT Reconstruction using Recurrent Stacked Back Projection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04998.pdf)
>  Sparse-view CT reconstruction is important in a wide range of applications due to limitations on cost, acquisition time, or dosage. However, traditional direct reconstruction methods such as filtered back-projection (FBP) lead to low-quality reconstructions in the sub-Nyquist regime. In contrast, deep neural networks (DNNs) can produce high-quality reconstructions from sparse and noisy data, e.g. through post-processing of FBP reconstructions, as can model-based iterative reconstruction (MBIR), albeit at a higher computational cost. <br>In this paper, we introduce a direct-reconstruction DNN method called Recurrent Stacked Back Projection (RSBP) that uses sequentially-acquired backprojections of individual views as input to a recurrent convolutional LSTM network. The SBP structure maintains all information in the sinogram, while the recurrent processing exploits the correlations between adjacent views and produces an updated reconstruction after each new view. We train our network on simulated data and test on both simulated and real data and demonstrate that RSBP outperforms both DNN post-processing of FBP images and basic MBIR, with a lower computational cost than MBIR.      
### 4.Robust Weakly Supervised Learning for COVID-19 Recognition Using Multi-Center CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04984.pdf)
>  The world is currently experiencing an ongoing pandemic of an infectious disease named coronavirus disease 2019 (i.e., COVID-19), which is caused by the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2). Computed Tomography (CT) plays an important role in assessing the severity of the infection and can also be used to identify those symptomatic and asymptomatic COVID-19 carriers. With a surge of the cumulative number of COVID-19 patients, radiologists are increasingly stressed to examine the CT scans manually. Therefore, an automated 3D CT scan recognition tool is highly in demand since the manual analysis is time-consuming for radiologists and their fatigue can cause possible misjudgment. However, due to various technical specifications of CT scanners located in different hospitals, the appearance of CT images can be significantly different leading to the failure of many automated image recognition approaches. The multi-domain shift problem for the multi-center and multi-scanner studies is therefore nontrivial that is also crucial for a dependable recognition and critical for reproducible and objective diagnosis and prognosis. In this paper, we proposed a COVID-19 CT scan recognition model namely coronavirus information fusion and diagnosis network (CIFD-Net) that can efficiently handle the multi-domain shift problem via a new robust weakly supervised learning paradigm. Our model can resolve the problem of different appearance in CT scan images reliably and efficiently while attaining higher accuracy compared to other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 5.Harmonic and non-Harmonic Based Noisy Reverberant Speech Enhancement in Time Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04949.pdf)
>  This paper introduces the single step time domain method named HnH-NRSE, whihc is designed for simultaneous speech intelligibility and quality improvement under noisy-reverberant conditions. In this solution, harmonic and non-harmonic elements of speech are separated by applying zero-crossing and energy criteria. An objective evaluation of the its non-stationarity degree is further used for an adaptive gain to treat masking components. No prior knowledge of speech statistics or room information is required for this technique. Additionally, two combined solutions, IRMO and IRMN, are proposed as composite methods for improvement on noisy-reverberant speech signals. The proposed and baseline methods are evaluated considering two intelligibility and three quality measures, applied for the objective prediction. The results show that the proposed scheme leads to a higher intelligibility and quality improvement when compared to competing methods in most scenarios. Additionally, a perceptual intelligibility listening test is performed, which corroborates with these results. Furthermore, the proposed HnH-NRSE solution attains SRMR quality measure with similar results when compared to the composed IRMO and IRMN techniques.      
### 6.A Training Framework for Stereo-Aware Speech Enhancement using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04939.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based speech enhancement has shown unprecedented performance in recent years. The most popular mono speech enhancement frameworks are end-to-end networks mapping the noisy mixture into an estimate of the clean speech. With growing computational power and availability of multichannel microphone recordings, prior works have aimed to incorporate spatial statistics along with spectral information to boost up performance. Despite an improvement in enhancement performance of mono output, the spatial image preservation and subjective evaluations have not gained much attention in the literature. This paper proposes a novel stereo-aware framework for speech enhancement, i.e., a training loss for deep learning-based speech enhancement to preserve the spatial image while enhancing the stereo mixture. The proposed framework is model independent, hence it can be applied to any deep learning based architecture. We provide an extensive objective and subjective evaluation of the trained models through a listening test. We show that by regularizing for an image preservation loss, the overall performance is improved, and the stereo aspect of the speech is better preserved.      
### 7.Optical Satellite Eavesdropping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04932.pdf)
>  In recent years, satellite communication (SatCom) systems have been widely used for navigation, broadcasting application, disaster recovery, weather sensing, and even spying on the Earth. As the number of satellites is highly increasing and with the radical revolution in wireless technology, eavesdropping on SatCom will be possible in next-generation networks. In this context, we introduce the satellite eavesdropping approach, where an eavesdropping satellite can intercept optical communications established between a low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite and a high altitude platform station (HAPS). Specifically, we propose two practical eavesdropping scenarios for satellite-to-HAPS (downlink) and HAPS-to-satellite (uplink) optical communications, where the eavesdropper satellite can eavesdrop on the transmitted signal or the received signal. To quantify the secrecy performance of the scenarios, the average secrecy capacity (ASC) and secrecy outage probability (SOP) expressions are derived and validated with Monte Carlo (MC) simulations. We observe that turbulence-induced fading significantly impacts the secrecy performance of free-space optical (FSO) communication.      
### 8.End-to-end Alexa Device Arbitration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04914.pdf)
>  We introduce a variant of the speaker localization problem, which we call device arbitration. In the device arbitration problem, a user utters a keyword that is detected by multiple distributed microphone arrays (smart home devices), and we want to determine which device was closest to the user. Rather than solving the full localization problem, we propose an end-to-end machine learning system. This system learns a feature embedding that is computed independently on each device. The embeddings from each device are then aggregated together to produce the final arbitration decision. We use a large-scale room simulation to generate training and evaluation data, and compare our system against a signal processing baseline.      
### 9.Semi-Supervised Medical Image Segmentation via Cross Teaching between CNN and Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04894.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning with Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Transformers has shown encouraging results in fully supervised medical image segmentation. However, it is still challenging for them to achieve good performance with limited annotations for training. In this work, we present a very simple yet efficient framework for semi-supervised medical image segmentation by introducing the cross teaching between CNN and Transformer. Specifically, we simplify the classical deep co-training from consistency regularization to cross teaching, where the prediction of a network is used as the pseudo label to supervise the other network directly end-to-end. Considering the difference in learning paradigm between CNN and Transformer, we introduce the Cross Teaching between CNN and Transformer rather than just using CNNs. Experiments on a public benchmark show that our method outperforms eight existing semi-supervised learning methods just with a simpler framework. Notably, this work may be the first attempt to combine CNN and transformer for semi-supervised medical image segmentation and achieve promising results on a public benchmark. The code will be released at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/HiLab-git/SSL4MIS" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Evaluating saliency methods on artificial data with different background types  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04882.pdf)
>  Over the last years, many 'explainable artificial intelligence' (xAI) approaches have been developed, but these have not always been objectively evaluated. To evaluate the quality of heatmaps generated by various saliency methods, we developed a framework to generate artificial data with synthetic lesions and a known ground truth map. Using this framework, we evaluated two data sets with different backgrounds, Perlin noise and 2D brain MRI slices, and found that the heatmaps vary strongly between saliency methods and backgrounds. We strongly encourage further evaluation of saliency maps and xAI methods using this framework before applying these in clinical or other safety-critical settings.      
### 11.Rapid TAURUS for Relaxation-Based Color Magnetic Particle Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04880.pdf)
>  Magnetic particle imaging (MPI) is a rapidly developing medical imaging modality that exploits the non-linear response of magnetic nanoparticles (MNPs). Color MPI widens the functionality of MPI, empowering it with the capability to distinguish different MNPs and/or MNP environments. The system function approach for color MPI relies on extensive calibrations that capture the differences in the harmonic responses of the MNPs. An alternative calibration-free x-space-based method called TAURUS estimates a map of the relaxation time constant, by recovering the underlying mirror symmetry in the MPI signal. However, TAURUS requires a back and forth scanning of a given region, restricting its usage to slow trajectories with constant or piecewise constant focus fields (FFs). In this work, we propose a novel technique to increase the performance of TAURUS and enable $\tau$ map estimation for rapid and multi-dimensional trajectories. The proposed technique is based on correcting the mirror symmetry distortion induced by time-varying FFs. We demonstrate via simulations and experiments in our in-house MPI scanner that the proposed method successfully estimates high-fidelity time constant maps for rapid trajectories that provide orders of magnitude reduction in scanning time while preserving the calibration-free property of TAURUS.      
### 12.3D Medical Point Transformer: Introducing Convolution to Attention Networks for Medical Point Cloud Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04863.pdf)
>  General point clouds have been increasingly investigated for different tasks, and recently Transformer-based networks are proposed for point cloud analysis. However, there are barely related works for medical point clouds, which are important for disease detection and treatment. In this work, we propose an attention-based model specifically for medical point clouds, namely 3D medical point Transformer (3DMedPT), to examine the complex biological structures. By augmenting contextual information and summarizing local responses at query, our attention module can capture both local context and global content feature interactions. However, the insufficient training samples of medical data may lead to poor feature learning, so we apply position embeddings to learn accurate local geometry and Multi-Graph Reasoning (MGR) to examine global knowledge propagation over channel graphs to enrich feature representations. Experiments conducted on IntrA dataset proves the superiority of 3DMedPT, where we achieve the best classification and segmentation results. Furthermore, the promising generalization ability of our method is validated on general 3D point cloud benchmarks: ModelNet40 and ShapeNetPart. Code will be released soon.      
### 13.An Australian DER Bill of Rights and Responsibilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04855.pdf)
>  Australia's world-leading penetration of distributed solar photovoltaics (PV) is now impacting power system security and, as a result, how customers can use and export their own PV-generated energy. Several programs of Australian regulatory reform for distributed energy resources (DER) have emphasised the importance of placing consumers at the centre of any energy transition, but this has occurred against a haphazard backdrop of proposals for solar export taxes, updated inverter standards, and diminishing feed-in-tariffs. Absent from the discussion is a coherent espousal of reasonable consumer expectations with practical technical definitions of how these may be applied. Whilst American legislation has enshrined initial rights to connect PV, they do not consider the evolution of rights in a DER-dominated future. This paper proposes a first attempt at an Australian 'DER Bill of Rights and Responsibilities' for both passive and active participation in energy markets, to support an environment of customer trust and sector confidence in the guiderails of DER integration. Guiding principles are presented with practical definitions referencing existing instruments including inverter standards, network connection agreements and central ancillary service markets. We highlight how these proposed rights are already being breached regularly in Australia, before outlining a pathway to enshrine them for a DER-dominated future with broad sector endorsement.      
### 14.On The Effect Of Coding Artifacts On Acoustic Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04841.pdf)
>  Previous DCASE challenges contributed to an increase in the performance of acoustic scene classification systems. State-of-the-art classifiers demand significant processing capabilities and memory which is challenging for resource-constrained mobile or IoT edge devices. Thus, it is more likely to deploy these models on more powerful hardware and classify audio recordings previously uploaded (or streamed) from low-power edge devices. In such scenario, the edge device may apply perceptual audio coding to reduce the transmission data rate. This paper explores the effect of perceptual audio coding on the classification performance using a DCASE 2020 challenge contribution [1]. We found that classification accuracy can degrade by up to 57% compared to classifying original (uncompressed) audio. We further demonstrate how lossy audio compression techniques during model training can improve classification accuracy of compressed audio signals even for audio codecs and codec bitrates not included in the training process.      
### 15.Design and Implementation of Real-Time Localization System (RTLS) based on UWB and TDoA Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04839.pdf)
>  Nowadays, accurate localization plays an essential role in many fields, like target tracking and path planning. The challenges of indoor localization include inadequate localization accuracy, unreasonable anchor deployment in complex scenarios, lack of stability, and high cost. So the universal positioning technologies cannot meet the real application requirements scarcely. To overcome these shortcomings, a comprehensive Ultra Wide-Band (UWB) based RTLS is presented in this paper. We first introduce the architecture of the real-time localization system, then propose a new wireless clock synchronization (WCS) scheme, finally discuss the time difference of arrival (TDoA) algorithm. We define the time-base selection strategy for the TDoA algorithm, and analyze the relationship between anchor deployment and positioning accuracy. The Extended Kalman Filter (EKF) method is presented for non-linear dynamic localization estimation, and it performs well in terms of stability and accuracy in moving targets.      
### 16.Bayesian User Localization and Tracking for Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Aided MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04729.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the user localization and tracking problem in the reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) aided multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) system, where a multi-antenna base station (BS) and multiple RISs are deployed to assist the localization and tracking of a multi-antenna user. By establishing a probability transition model for user mobility, we develop a message-passing algorithm, termed the Bayesian user localization and tracking (BULT) algorithm, to estimate and track the user position and the angle-of-arrival (AoAs) at the user in an online fashion. We also derive Bayesian Cramér Rao bound (BCRB) to characterize the fundamental performance limit of the considered tracking problem. To improve the tracking performance, we optimize the beamforming design at the BS and the RISs to minimize the derived BCRB. Simulation results show that our BULT algorithm can perform close to the derived BCRB, and significantly outperforms the counterpart algorithms without exploiting the temporal correlation of the user location.      
### 17.One-dimensional Deep Low-rank and Sparse Network for Accelerated MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04721.pdf)
>  Deep learning has shown astonishing performance in accelerated magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Most state-of-the-art deep learning reconstructions adopt the powerful convolutional neural network and perform 2D convolution since many magnetic resonance images or their corresponding k-space are in 2D. In this work, we present a new approach that explores the 1D convolution, making the deep network much easier to be trained and generalized. We further integrate the 1D convolution into the proposed deep network, named as One-dimensional Deep Low-rank and Sparse network (ODLS), which unrolls the iteration procedure of a low-rank and sparse reconstruction model. Extensive results on in vivo knee and brain datasets demonstrate that, the proposed ODLS is very suitable for the case of limited training subjects and provides improved reconstruction performance than state-of-the-art methods both visually and quantitatively. Additionally, ODLS also shows nice robustness to different undersampling scenarios and some mismatches between the training and test data. In summary, our work demonstrates that the 1D deep learning scheme is memory-efficient and robust in fast MRI.      
### 18.Contraction Analysis and Control Synthesis for Discrete-time Nonlinear Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04699.pdf)
>  Shifting away from the traditional mass production approach, the process industry is moving towards more agile, cost-effective and dynamic process operation (next-generation smart plants). This warrants the development of control systems for nonlinear chemical processes to be capable of tracking time-varying setpoints to produce products with different specifications as per market demand and deal with variations in the raw materials and utility (e.g., energy). This article presents a systematic approach to the implementation of contraction-based control for discrete-time nonlinear processes. Through the differential dynamic system framework, the contraction conditions to ensure the exponential convergence to feasible time-varying references are derived. The discrete-time differential dissipativity condition is further developed, which can be used for control designs for disturbance rejection. Computationally tractable equivalent conditions are then derived and additionally transformed into an SOS programming problem, such that a discrete-time control contraction metric and stabilising feedback controller can be jointly obtained. Synthesis and implementation details are provided and demonstrated through a numerical case study.      
### 19.Dynamic Interaction of Transportation and Power Distribution Networks With Electric Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04683.pdf)
>  The increasing global spread of electric vehicles has introduced significant interdependence between transportation and power networks. Most of the previous studies on the coupled networks are based on static models, and the spatial and temporal variations of traffic and power flows are neglected, which is not suitable for short-term operation. This paper constructs a dynamic interaction model of coupled networks. First, the dynamic traffic assignment (DTA) model is established considering departure time and route choices simultaneously, and a nested diagonalization method is exploited to solve it. Then, based on DTA and multi-period optimal power flow, the equilibrium state of coupled networks is designed as the solution of a fixed-point problem. Moreover, the solution existence is proved based on mild assumptions. Third, the linearization and convex relaxation techniques are used to improve computational efficiency. A Monte Carlo simulation technique is developed to evaluate the influence of uncertain travel demands on coupled networks. Numerical simulations of the interaction analyses of coupled networks in both deterministic and uncertain conditions are presented.      
### 20.Extending nn-UNet for brain tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04653.pdf)
>  Brain tumor segmentation is essential for the diagnosis and prognosis of patients with gliomas. The brain tumor segmentation challenge has continued to provide a great source of data to develop automatic algorithms to perform the task. This paper describes our contribution to the 2021 competition. We developed our methods based on nn-UNet, the winning entry of last year competition. We experimented with several modifications, including using a larger network, replacing batch normalization with group normalization, and utilizing axial attention in the decoder. Internal 5-fold cross validation as well as online evaluation from the organizers showed the effectiveness of our approach, with minor improvement in quantitative metrics when compared to the baseline. The proposed models won first place in the final ranking on unseen test data. The codes, pretrained weights, and docker image for the winning submission are publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rixez/Brats21_KAIST_MRI_Lab" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 21.Decentralized Frequency Regulation of Hybrid MTDC-linked Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04635.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new strategy for optimal grid frequency regulation (FR) in an interconnected power system where regional ac grids and an offshore wind farm are linked via a multi-terminal high voltage direct-current (MTDC) network. In the proposed strategy, decentralized H-infinity controllers are developed to coordinate the operations of ac synchronous generators and hybrid MTDC converters, thus achieving optimal power sharing of interconnected ac grids and minimizing frequency deviations in each grid. To develop the controllers, robust optimization problems are formulated and solved using a dynamic model of the hybrid MTDC-linked grids with model parameter uncertainty and decentralized control inputs and outputs. The model orders of the resulting controllers are then reduced using a balanced truncation algorithm to eliminate unobservable and uncontrollable state variables while preserving their dominant response characteristics. Sensitivity and eigenvalue analyses are conducted focusing on the effects of grid measurements, parameter uncertainty levels, and communication time delays. Comparative case studies are also carried out to verify that the proposed strategy improves the effectiveness, stability, and robustness of real-time FR in MTDC-linked grids under various conditions characterized mainly by load demands, communications systems, and weighting functions.      
### 22.A Critical Comparison on Attitude Estimation: From Gaussian Approximate Filters to Coordinate-free Dual Optimal Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04588.pdf)
>  This paper conveys attitude and rate estimation without rate sensors by performing a critical comparison, validated by extensive simulations. The two dominant approaches to facilitate attitude estimation are based on stochastic and set-membership reasoning. The first one mostly utilizes the commonly known Gaussian-approximate filters, namely the EKF and UKF. Although more conservative, the latter seems to be more promising as it considers the inherent geometric characteristics of the underline compact state space and accounts -- from first principles -- for large model errors. We address the set-theoretic approach from a control point of view, and we show that it can overcome reported deficiencies of the Bayesian architectures related to this problem, leading to coordinate-free optimal filters. Lastly, as an example, we derive a modified predictive filter on the tangent bundle of the special orthogonal group $\mathbb{TSO}(3)$.      
### 23.A simulation driven optimization algorithm for scheduling sorting center operations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04567.pdf)
>  Parcel sorting operations in logistics enterprises aim to achieve a high throughput of parcels through sorting centers. These sorting centers are composed of large circular conveyor belts on which incoming parcels are placed, with multiple arms known as chutes for sorting the parcels by destination, followed by packing into roller cages and loading onto outbound trucks. Modern sorting systems need to complement their hardware innovations with sophisticated algorithms and software to map destinations and workforce to specific chutes. While state of the art systems operate with fixed mappings, we propose an optimization approach that runs before every shift, and uses real-time forecast of destination demand and labor availability in order to maximize throughput. We use simulation to improve the performance and robustness of the optimization solution to stochasticity in the environment, through closed-loop tuning of the optimization parameters.      
### 24.Achieving Reliable Coordination of Residential Plug-in Electric Vehicle Charging: A Pilot Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04559.pdf)
>  Wide-scale electrification of the transportation sector will require careful planning and coordination with the power grid. Left unmanaged, uncoordinated charging of electric vehicles (EVs) at increased levels of penetration will amplify existing peak loads, potentially outstripping the grid's capacity to reliably meet demand. In this paper, we report findings from the OptimizEV Project - a real-world pilot study in Upstate New York exploring a novel approach to coordinated residential EV charging. The proposed coordination mechanism seeks to harness the latent flexibility in EV charging by offering EV owners monetary incentives to delay the time required to charge their EVs. Each time an EV owner initiates a charging session, they specify how long they intend to leave their vehicle plugged in by selecting from a menu of deadlines that offers lower electricity prices the longer they're willing to delay the time required to charge their EV. Given a collection of active charging requests, a smart charging system dynamically optimizes the power being drawn by each EV in real time to minimize strain on the grid, while ensuring that each customer's car is fully charged by its deadline. Under the proposed incentive mechanism, we find that customers are frequently willing to engage in optimized charging sessions, allowing the system to delay the completion of their charging requests by more than eight hours on average. Using the flexibility provided by customers, the smart charging system was shown to be highly effective in shifting the majority of EV charging loads off-peak to fill the night-time valley of the aggregate load curve. Customer opt-in rates remained stable over the span of the study, providing empirical evidence in support of the proposed coordination mechanism as a potentially viable "non-wires alternative" to meet the increased demand for electricity driven growing EV adoption.      
### 25.Relaxation of condition for convergence of dynamic regressor extension and mixing procedure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04548.pdf)
>  A generalization of the dynamic regressor extension and mixing procedure is proposed. First of all, it relaxes the requirement of the regressor finite excitation, which is known to be the condition for the mentioned procedure convergence. Secondly, if the weaker requirement of the regressor semi-finite-excitation is met, it guarantees the uniform ultimate boundedness of the parameter error and elementwise monotonicity for transients of some parameters to be identified.      
### 26.Strategies in JPEG compression using Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04500.pdf)
>  Interests in digital image processing are growing enormously in recent decades. As a result, different data compression techniques have been proposed which are concerned mostly with the minimization of information used for the representation of images. With the advances of deep neural networks, image compression can be achieved to a higher degree. This paper describes an overview of JPEG Compression, Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT), Convolutional Neural Network (CNN), quality metrics to measure the performance of image compression and discuss the advancement of deep learning for image compression mostly focused on JPEG, and suggests that adaptation of model improve the compression.      
### 27.Multiscale Softmax Cross Entropy for Fovea Localization on Color Fundus Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04499.pdf)
>  Fovea localization is one of the most popular tasks in ophthalmic medical image analysis, where the coordinates of the center point of the macula lutea, i.e. fovea centralis, should be calculated based on color fundus images. In this work, we treat the localization problem as a classification task, where the coordinates of the x- and y-axis are considered as the target classes. Moreover, the combination of the softmax activation function and the cross entropy loss function is modified to its multiscale variation to encourage the predicted coordinates to be located closely to the ground-truths. Based on color fundus photography images, we empirically show that the proposed multiscale softmax cross entropy yields better performance than the vanilla version and than the mean squared error loss with sigmoid activation, which provides a novel approach for coordinate regression.      
### 28.Dynamic multi feature-class Gaussian process models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04495.pdf)
>  In model-based medical image analysis, three features of interest are the shape of structures of interest, their relative pose, and image intensity profiles representative of some physical property. Often, these are modelled separately through statistical models by decomposing the object's features into a set of basis functions through principal geodesic analysis or principal component analysis. This study presents a statistical modelling method for automatic learning of shape, pose and intensity features in medical images which we call the Dynamic multi feature-class Gaussian process models (DMFC-GPM). A DMFC-GPM is a Gaussian process (GP)-based model with a shared latent space that encodes linear and non-linear variation. Our method is defined in a continuous domain with a principled way to represent shape, pose and intensity feature classes in a linear space, based on deformation fields. A deformation field-based metric is adapted in the method for modelling shape and intensity feature variation as well as for comparing rigid transformations (pose). Moreover, DMFC-GPMs inherit properties intrinsic to GPs including marginalisation and regression. Furthermore, they allow for adding additional pose feature variability on top of those obtained from the image acquisition process; what we term as permutation modelling. For image analysis tasks using DMFC-GPMs, we adapt Metropolis-Hastings algorithms making the prediction of features fully probabilistic. We validate the method using controlled synthetic data and we perform experiments on bone structures from CT images of the shoulder to illustrate the efficacy of the model for pose and shape feature prediction. The model performance results suggest that this new modelling paradigm is robust, accurate, accessible, and has potential applications including the management of musculoskeletal disorders and clinical decision making      
### 29.Binary Change Guided Hyperspectral Multiclass Change Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04493.pdf)
>  Characterized by tremendous spectral information, hyperspectral image is able to detect subtle changes and discriminate various change classes for change detection. The recent research works dominated by hyperspectral binary change detection, however, cannot provide fine change classes information. And most methods incorporating spectral unmixing for hyperspectral multiclass change detection (HMCD), yet suffer from the neglection of temporal correlation and error accumulation. In this study, we proposed an unsupervised Binary Change Guided hyperspectral multiclass change detection Network (BCG-Net) for HMCD, which aims at boosting the multiclass change detection result and unmixing result with the mature binary change detection approaches. In BCG-Net, a novel partial-siamese united-unmixing module is designed for multi-temporal spectral unmixing, and a groundbreaking temporal correlation constraint directed by the pseudo-labels of binary change detection result is developed to guide the unmixing process from the perspective of change detection, encouraging the abundance of the unchanged pixels more coherent and that of the changed pixels more accurate. Moreover, an innovative binary change detection rule is put forward to deal with the problem that traditional rule is susceptible to numerical values. The iterative optimization of the spectral unmixing process and the change detection process is proposed to eliminate the accumulated errors and bias from unmixing result to change detection result. The experimental results demonstrate that our proposed BCG-Net could achieve comparative or even outstanding performance of multiclass change detection among the state-of-the-art approaches and gain better spectral unmixing results at the same time.      
### 30.Revisiting Global Statistics Aggregation for Improving Image Restoration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04491.pdf)
>  Global spatial statistics, which are aggregated along entire spatial dimensions, are widely used in top-performance image restorers. For example, mean, variance in Instance Normalization (IN) which is adopted by HINet, and global average pooling (i.e. mean) in Squeeze and Excitation (SE) which is applied to MPRNet. This paper first shows that statistics aggregated on the patches-based/entire-image-based feature in the training/testing phase respectively may distribute very differently and lead to performance degradation in image restorers. It has been widely overlooked by previous works. To solve this issue, we propose a simple approach, Test-time Local Statistics Converter (TLSC), that replaces the region of statistics aggregation operation from global to local, only in the test time. Without retraining or finetuning, our approach significantly improves the image restorer's performance. In particular, by extending SE with TLSC to the state-of-the-art models, MPRNet boost by 0.65 dB in PSNR on GoPro dataset, achieves 33.31 dB, exceeds the previous best result 0.6 dB. In addition, we simply apply TLSC to the high-level vision task, i.e. semantic segmentation, and achieves competitive results. Extensive quantity and quality experiments are conducted to demonstrate TLSC solves the issue with marginal costs while significant gain. The code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/megvii-research/tlsc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.A novel multi-view deep learning approach for BI-RADS and density assessment of mammograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04490.pdf)
>  Advanced deep learning (DL) algorithms may predict the patient's risk of developing breast cancer based on the Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS) and density standards. Recent studies have suggested that the combination of multi-view analysis improved the overall breast exam classification. In this paper, we propose a novel multi-view DL approach for BI-RADS and density assessment of mammograms. The proposed approach first deploys deep convolutional networks for feature extraction on each view separately. The extracted features are then stacked and fed into a Light Gradient Boosting Machine (LightGBM) classifier to predict BI-RADS and density scores. We conduct extensive experiments on both the internal mammography dataset and the public dataset Digital Database for Screening Mammography (DDSM). The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed approach outperforms the single-view classification approach on two benchmark datasets by huge margins (5% on the internal dataset and 10% on the DDSM dataset). These results highlight the vital role of combining multi-view information to improve the performance of breast cancer risk prediction.      
### 32.Learn2Reg: comprehensive multi-task medical image registration challenge, dataset and evaluation in the era of deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04489.pdf)
>  To date few studies have comprehensively compared medical image registration approaches on a wide-range of complementary clinically relevant tasks. This limits the adoption of advances in research into practice and prevents fair benchmarks across competing approaches. Many newer learning-based methods have been explored within the last five years, but the question which optimisation, architectural or metric strategy is ideally suited remains open. Learn2Reg covers a wide range of anatomies: brain, abdomen and thorax, modalities: ultrasound, CT, MRI, populations: intra- and inter-patient and levels of supervision. We established a lower entry barrier for training and validation of 3D registration, which helped us compile results of over 65 individual method submissions from more than 20 unique teams. Our complementary set of metrics, including robustness, accuracy, plausibility and speed enables unique insight into the current-state-of-the-art of medical image registration. Further analyses into transferability, bias and importance of supervision question the superiority of primarily deep learning based approaches and open exiting new research directions into hybrid methods that leverage GPU-accelerated conventional optimisation.      
### 33.A Dynamic Residual Self-Attention Network for Lightweight Single Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04488.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods have shown outstanding performance in many applications, including single-image super-resolution (SISR). With residual connection architecture, deeply stacked convolutional neural networks provide a substantial performance boost for SISR, but their huge parameters and computational loads are impractical for real-world applications. Thus, designing lightweight models with acceptable performance is one of the major tasks in current SISR research. The objective of lightweight network design is to balance a computational load and reconstruction performance. Most of the previous methods have manually designed complex and predefined fixed structures, which generally required a large number of experiments and lacked flexibility in the diversity of input image statistics. In this paper, we propose a dynamic residual self-attention network (DRSAN) for lightweight SISR, while focusing on the automated design of residual connections between building blocks. The proposed DRSAN has dynamic residual connections based on dynamic residual attention (DRA), which adaptively changes its structure according to input statistics. Specifically, we propose a dynamic residual module that explicitly models the DRA by finding the interrelation between residual paths and input image statistics, as well as assigning proper weights to each residual path. We also propose a residual self-attention (RSA) module to further boost the performance, which produces 3-dimensional attention maps without additional parameters by cooperating with residual structures. The proposed dynamic scheme, exploiting the combination of DRA and RSA, shows an efficient trade-off between computational complexity and network performance. Experimental results show that the DRSAN performs better than or comparable to existing state-of-the-art lightweight models for SISR.      
### 34.Joint Global and Local Hierarchical Priors for Learned Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04487.pdf)
>  Recently, learned image compression methods have shown superior performance compared to the traditional hand-crafted image codecs including BPG. One of the fundamental research directions in learned image compression is to develop entropy models that accurately estimate the probability distribution of the quantized latent representation. Like other vision tasks, most of the recent learned entropy models are based on convolutional neural networks (CNNs). However, CNNs have a limitation in modeling dependencies between distant regions due to their nature of local connectivity, which can be a significant bottleneck in image compression where reducing spatial redundancy is a key point. To address this issue, we propose a novel entropy model called Information Transformer (Informer) that exploits both local and global information in a content-dependent manner using an attention mechanism. Our experiments demonstrate that Informer improves rate-distortion performance over the state-of-the-art methods on the Kodak and Tecnick datasets without the quadratic computational complexity problem.      
### 35.End-to-End Learning of Joint Geometric and Probabilistic Constellation Shaping  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05050.pdf)
>  We present a novel autoencoder-based learning of joint geometric and probabilistic constellation shaping for coded-modulation systems. It can maximize either the mutual information (for symbol-metric decoding) or the generalized mutual information (for bit-metric decoding).      
### 36.Domain Adaptation and Autoencoder Based Unsupervised Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.05036.pdf)
>  As a category of transfer learning, domain adaptation plays an important role in generalizing the model trained in one task and applying it to other similar tasks or settings. In speech enhancement, a well-trained acoustic model can be exploited to obtain the speech signal in the context of other languages, speakers, and environments. Recent domain adaptation research was developed more effectively with various neural networks and high-level abstract features. However, the related studies are more likely to transfer the well-trained model from a rich and more diverse domain to a limited and similar domain. Therefore, in this study, the domain adaptation method is proposed in unsupervised speech enhancement for the opposite circumstance that transferring to a larger and richer domain. On the one hand, the importance-weighting (IW) approach is exploited with a variance constrained autoencoder to reduce the shift of shared weights between the source and target domains. On the other hand, in order to train the classifier with the worst-case weights and minimize the risk, the minimax method is proposed. Both the proposed IW and minimax methods are evaluated from the VOICE BANK and IEEE datasets to the TIMIT dataset. The experiment results show that the proposed methods outperform the state-of-the-art approaches.      
### 37.Personalized musically induced emotions of not-so-popular Colombian music  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04975.pdf)
>  This work presents an initial proof of concept of how Music Emotion Recognition (MER) systems could be intentionally biased with respect to annotations of musically induced emotions in a political context. In specific, we analyze traditional Colombian music containing politically charged lyrics of two types: (1) vallenatos and social songs from the "left-wing" guerrilla Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia (FARC) and (2) corridos from the "right-wing" paramilitaries Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia (AUC). We train personalized machine learning models to predict induced emotions for three users with diverse political views - we aim at identifying the songs that may induce negative emotions for a particular user, such as anger and fear. To this extent, a user's emotion judgements could be interpreted as problematizing data - subjective emotional judgments could in turn be used to influence the user in a human-centered machine learning environment. In short, highly desired "emotion regulation" applications could potentially deviate to "emotion manipulation" - the recent discredit of emotion recognition technologies might transcend ethical issues of diversity and inclusion.      
### 38.Scalable and Decentralized Algorithms for Anomaly Detection via Learning-Based Controlled Sensing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04912.pdf)
>  We address the problem of sequentially selecting and observing processes from a given set to find the anomalies among them. The decision-maker observes a subset of the processes at any given time instant and obtains a noisy binary indicator of whether or not the corresponding process is anomalous. In this setting, we develop an anomaly detection algorithm that chooses the processes to be observed at a given time instant, decides when to stop taking observations, and declares the decision on anomalous processes. The objective of the detection algorithm is to identify the anomalies with an accuracy exceeding the desired value while minimizing the delay in decision making. We devise a centralized algorithm where the processes are jointly selected by a common agent as well as a decentralized algorithm where the decision of whether to select a process is made independently for each process. Our algorithms rely on a Markov decision process defined using the marginal probability of each process being normal or anomalous, conditioned on the observations. We implement the detection algorithms using the deep actor-critic reinforcement learning framework. Unlike prior work on this topic that has exponential complexity in the number of processes, our algorithms have computational and memory requirements that are both polynomial in the number of processes. We demonstrate the efficacy of these algorithms using numerical experiments by comparing them with state-of-the-art methods.      
### 39.Learning Personal Representations from fMRIby Predicting Neurofeedback Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04902.pdf)
>  We present a deep neural network method for learning a personal representation for individuals that are performing a self neuromodulation task, guided by functional MRI (fMRI). This neurofeedback task (watch vs. regulate) provides the subjects with a continuous feedback contingent on down regulation of their Amygdala signal and the learning algorithm focuses on this region's time-course of activity. The representation is learned by a self-supervised recurrent neural network, that predicts the Amygdala activity in the next fMRI frame given recent fMRI frames and is conditioned on the learned individual representation. It is shown that the individuals' representation improves the next-frame prediction considerably. Moreover, this personal representation, learned solely from fMRI images, yields good performance in linear prediction of psychiatric traits, which is better than performing such a prediction based on clinical data and personality tests. Our code is attached as supplementary and the data would be shared subject to ethical approvals.      
### 40.Artificial Intelligence and Design of Experiments for Assessing Security of Electricity Supply: A Review and Strategic Outlook  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04889.pdf)
>  Assessing the effects of the energy transition and liberalization of energy markets on resource adequacy is an increasingly important and demanding task. The rising complexity in energy systems requires adequate methods for energy system modeling leading to increased computational requirements. Furthermore, with complexity, uncertainty increases likewise calling for probabilistic assessments and scenario analyses. To adequately and efficiently address these various requirements, new methods from the field of data science are needed to accelerate current methods. With our systematic literature review, we want to close the gap between the three disciplines (1) assessment of security of electricity supply, (2) artificial intelligence, and (3) design of experiments. For this, we conduct a large-scale quantitative review on selected fields of application and methods and make a synthesis that relates the different disciplines to each other. Among other findings, we identify metamodeling of complex security of electricity supply models using AI methods and applications of AI-based methods for forecasts of storage dispatch and (non-)availabilities as promising fields of application that have not sufficiently been covered, yet. We end with deriving a new methodological pipeline for adequately and efficiently addressing the present and upcoming challenges in the assessment of security of electricity supply.      
### 41.LipSound2: Self-Supervised Pre-Training for Lip-to-Speech Reconstruction and Lip Reading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04748.pdf)
>  The aim of this work is to investigate the impact of crossmodal self-supervised pre-training for speech reconstruction (video-to-audio) by leveraging the natural co-occurrence of audio and visual streams in videos. We propose LipSound2 which consists of an encoder-decoder architecture and location-aware attention mechanism to map face image sequences to mel-scale spectrograms directly without requiring any human annotations. The proposed LipSound2 model is firstly pre-trained on $\sim$2400h multi-lingual (e.g. English and German) audio-visual data (VoxCeleb2). To verify the generalizability of the proposed method, we then fine-tune the pre-trained model on domain-specific datasets (GRID, TCD-TIMIT) for English speech reconstruction and achieve a significant improvement on speech quality and intelligibility compared to previous approaches in speaker-dependent and -independent settings. In addition to English, we conduct Chinese speech reconstruction on the CMLR dataset to verify the impact on transferability. Lastly, we train the cascaded lip reading (video-to-text) system by fine-tuning the generated audios on a pre-trained speech recognition system and achieve state-of-the-art performance on both English and Chinese benchmark datasets.      
### 42.Superpixel-Based Building Damage Detection from Post-earthquake Very High Resolution Imagery Using Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04744.pdf)
>  Building damage detection after natural disasters like earthquakes is crucial for initiating effective emergency response actions. Remotely sensed very high spatial resolution (VHR) imagery can provide vital information due to their ability to map the affected buildings with high geometric precision. Many approaches have been developed to detect damaged buildings due to earthquakes. However, little attention has been paid to exploiting rich features represented in VHR images using Deep Neural Networks (DNN). This paper presents a novel super-pixel based approach combining DNN and a modified segmentation method, to detect damaged buildings from VHR imagery. Firstly, a modified Fast Scanning and Adaptive Merging method is extended to create initial over-segmentation. Secondly, the segments are merged based on the Region Adjacent Graph (RAG), considered an improved semantic similarity criterion composed of Local Binary Patterns (LBP) texture, spectral, and shape features. Thirdly, a pre-trained DNN using Stacked Denoising Auto-Encoders called SDAE-DNN is presented, to exploit the rich semantic features for building damage detection. Deep-layer feature abstraction of SDAE-DNN could boost detection accuracy through learning more intrinsic and discriminative features, which outperformed other methods using state-of-the-art alternative classifiers. We demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of our method using a subset of WorldView-2 imagery, in the complex urban areas of Bhaktapur, Nepal, which was affected by the Nepal Earthquake of April 25, 2015.      
### 43.Noise-robust blind reverberation time estimation using noise-aware time-frequency masking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04726.pdf)
>  The reverberation time is one of the most important parameters used to characterize the acoustic property of an enclosure. In real-world scenarios, it is much more convenient to estimate the reverberation time blindly from recorded speech compared to the traditional acoustic measurement techniques using professional measurement instruments. However, the recorded speech is often corrupted by noise, which has a detrimental effect on the estimation accuracy of the reverberation time. To address this issue, this paper proposes a two-stage blind reverberation time estimation method based on noise-aware time-frequency masking. This proposed method has a good ability to distinguish the reverberation tails from the noise, thus improving the estimation accuracy of reverberation time in noisy scenarios. The simulated and real-world acoustic experimental results show that the proposed method significantly outperforms other methods in challenging scenarios.      
### 44.Modelling and Optimization of OAM-MIMO Communication Systems with Unaligned Antennas  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04703.pdf)
>  The orbital angular momentum (OAM) wireless communication technique is emerging as one of potential techniques for the Sixth generation (6G) wireless communication system. The most advantage of OAM wireless communication technique is the natural orthogonality among different OAM states. However, one of the most disadvantages is the crosstalk among different OAM states which is widely caused by the atmospheric turbulence and misalignment between transmitting and receiving antennas. Considering the OAM-based multiple-input multiple-output (OAM-MIMO) transmission system with unaligned antennas, a new channel model is proposed for performance analysis. Moreover, a purity model of the OAM-MIMO transmission system with unaligned antennas is derived for the non-Kolmogorov turbulence. Furthermore, error probability and capacity models are derived for OAM-MIMO transmission systems with unaligned antennas. To overcome the disadvantage caused by unaligned antennas and non-Kolmogorov turbulence, a new optimization algorithm of OAM state interval is proposed to improve the capacity of OAM-MIMO transmission system. Numerical results indicate that the capacity of OAM-MIMO transmission system is improved by the optimization algorithm. Specifically, the capacity increment of OAM-MIMO transmission system adopting the optimization algorithm is up to 28.7% and 320.3% when the angle of deflection between transmitting and receiving antennas is -24 dB and -5 dB, respectively.      
### 45.Learning Generalizable Multi-Lane Mixed-Autonomy Behaviors in Single Lane Representations of Traffic-compressed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04688.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning techniques can provide substantial insights into the desired behaviors of future autonomous driving systems. By optimizing for societal metrics of traffic such as increased throughput and reduced energy consumption, such methods can derive maneuvers that, if adopted by even a small portion of vehicles, may significantly improve the state of traffic for all vehicles involved. These methods, however, are hindered in practice by the difficulty of designing efficient and accurate models of traffic, as well as the challenges associated with optimizing for the behaviors of dozens of interacting agents. In response to these challenges, this paper tackles the problem of learning generalizable traffic control strategies in simple representations of vehicle driving dynamics. In particular, we look to mixed-autonomy ring roads as depictions of instabilities that result in the formation of congestion. Within this problem, we design a curriculum learning paradigm that exploits the natural extendability of the network to effectively learn behaviors that reduce congestion over long horizons. Next, we study the implications of modeling lane changing on the transferability of policies. Our findings suggest that introducing lane change behaviors that even approximately match trends in more complex systems can significantly improve the generalizability of subsequent learned models to more accurate multi-lane models of traffic.      
### 46.CWS-PResUNet: Music Source Separation with Channel-wise Subband Phase-aware ResUNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04685.pdf)
>  Music source separation (MSS) shows active progress with deep learning models in recent years. Many MSS models perform separations on spectrograms by estimating bounded ratio masks and reusing the phases of the mixture. When using convolutional neural networks (CNN), weights are usually shared within a spectrogram during convolution regardless of the different patterns between frequency bands. In this study, we propose a new MSS model, channel-wise subband phase-aware ResUNet (CWS-PResUNet), to decompose signals into subbands and estimate an unbound complex ideal ratio mask (cIRM) for each source. CWS-PResUNet utilizes a channel-wise subband (CWS) feature to limit unnecessary global weights sharing on the spectrogram and reduce computational resource consumptions. The saved computational cost and memory can in turn allow for a larger architecture. On the MUSDB18HQ test set, we propose a 276-layer CWS-PResUNet and achieve state-of-the-art (SoTA) performance on vocals with an 8.92 signal-to-distortion ratio (SDR) score. By combining CWS-PResUNet and Demucs, our ByteMSS system ranks the 2nd on vocals score and 5th on average score in the 2021 ISMIR Music Demixing (MDX) Challenge limited training data track (leaderboard A). Our code and pre-trained models are publicly available at: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/haoheliu/2021-ISMIR-MSS-Challenge-CWS-PResUNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 47.Multiple Residual Dense Networks for Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces Cascaded Channel Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04641.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) constitutes an essential and promising paradigm that relies programmable wireless environment and provides capability for space-intensive communications, due to the use of low-cost massive reflecting elements over the entire surfaces of man-made structures. However, accurate channel estimation is a fundamental technical prerequisite to achieve the huge performance gains from RIS. By leveraging the low rank structure of RIS channels, three practical residual neural networks, named convolutional blind denoising network, convolutional denoising generative adversarial networks and multiple residual dense network, are proposed to obtain accurate channel state information, which can reflect the impact of different methods on the estimation performance. Simulation results reveal the evolution direction of these three methods and reveal their superior performance compared with existing benchmark schemes.      
### 48.Safe Autonomous Navigation for Systems with Learned SE(3) Hamiltonian Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04639.pdf)
>  Safe autonomous navigation in unknown environments is an important problem for ground, aerial, and underwater robots. This paper proposes techniques to learn the dynamics models of a mobile robot from trajectory data and synthesize a tracking controller with safety and stability guarantees. The state of a mobile robot usually contains its position, orientation, and generalized velocity and satisfies Hamilton's equations of motion. Instead of a hand-derived dynamics model, we use a dataset of state-control trajectories to train a translation-equivariant nonlinear Hamiltonian model represented as a neural ordinary differential equation (ODE) network. The learned Hamiltonian model is used to synthesize an energy-shaping passivity-based controller and derive conditions which guarantee safe regulation to a desired reference pose. Finally, we enable adaptive tracking of a desired path, subject to safety constraints obtained from obstacle distance measurements. The trade-off between the system's energy level and the distance to safety constraint violation is used to adaptively govern the reference pose along the desired path. Our safe adaptive controller is demonstrated on a simulated hexarotor robot navigating in unknown complex environments.      
### 49.Transferability Properties of Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04629.pdf)
>  Graph neural networks (GNNs) are deep convolutional architectures consisting of layers composed by graph convolutions and pointwise nonlinearities. Due to their invariance and stability properties, GNNs are provably successful at learning representations from network data. However, training them requires matrix computations which can be expensive for large graphs. To address this limitation, we investigate the ability of GNNs to be transferred across graphs. We consider graphons, which are both graph limits and generative models for weighted and stochastic graphs, to define limit objects of graph convolutions and GNNs -- graphon convolutions and graphon neural networks (WNNs) -- which we use as generative models for graph convolutions and GNNs. We show that these graphon filters and WNNs can be approximated by graph filters and GNNs sampled from them on weighted and stochastic graphs. Using these results, we then derive error bounds for transferring graph filters and GNNs across such graphs. These bounds show that transferability increases with the graph size, and reveal a tradeoff between transferability and spectral discriminability which in GNNs is alleviated by the pointwise nonlinearities. These findings are further verified empirically in numerical experiments in movie recommendation and decentralized robot control.      
### 50.NICE-Beam: Neural Integrated Covariance Estimators for Time-Varying Beamformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04613.pdf)
>  Estimating a time-varying spatial covariance matrix for a beamforming algorithm is a challenging task, especially for wearable devices, as the algorithm must compensate for time-varying signal statistics due to rapid pose-changes. In this paper, we propose Neural Integrated Covariance Estimators for Beamformers, NICE-Beam. NICE-Beam is a general technique for learning how to estimate time-varying spatial covariance matrices, which we apply to joint speech enhancement and dereverberation. It is based on training a neural network module to non-linearly track and leverage scene information across time. We integrate our solution into a beamforming pipeline, which enables simple training, faster than real-time inference, and a variety of test-time adaptation options. We evaluate the proposed model against a suite of baselines in scenes with both stationary and moving microphones. Our results show that the proposed method can outperform a hand-tuned estimator, despite the hand-tuned estimator using oracle source separation knowledge.      
### 51.Gaussian Process Constraint Learning for Scalable Chance-Constrained Motion Planning from Demonstrations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04612.pdf)
>  We propose a method for learning constraints represented as Gaussian processes (GPs) from locally-optimal demonstrations. Our approach uses the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (KKT) optimality conditions to determine where on the demonstrations the constraint is tight, and a scaling of the constraint gradient at those states. We then train a GP representation of the constraint which is consistent with and which generalizes this information. We further show that the GP uncertainty can be used within a kinodynamic RRT to plan probabilistically-safe trajectories, and that we can exploit the GP structure within the planner to exactly achieve a specified safety probability. We demonstrate our method can learn complex, nonlinear constraints demonstrated on a 5D nonholonomic car, a 12D quadrotor, and a 3-link planar arm, all while requiring minimal prior information on the constraint. Our results suggest the learned GP constraint is accurate, outperforming previous constraint learning methods that require more a priori knowledge.      
### 52.Monolithic Integration of Quantum Resonant Tunneling Gate on a 22nm FD-SOI CMOS Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04586.pdf)
>  The proliferation of quantum computing technologies has fueled the race to build a practical quantum computer. The spectrum of the innovation is wide and encompasses many aspects of this technology, such as the qubit, control and detection mechanism, cryogenic electronics, and system integration. A few of those emerging technologies are poised for successful monolithic integration of cryogenic electronics with the quantum structure where the qubits reside. In this work, we present a fully integrated Quantum Processor Unit in which the quantum core is co-located with control and detection circuits on the same die in a commercial 22-nm FD-SOI process from GlobalFoundries. The system described in this work comprises a two dimensional (2D) 240 qubits array integrated with 8 detectors and 32 injectors operating at 3K and inside a two-stage Gifford-McMahon cryo-cooler. The power consumption of each detector and injector is 1mW and 0.27mW, respectively. The control sequence is programmed into an on-chip pattern generator that acts as a command and control block for all hardware in the Quantum Processor Unit. Using the aforementioned apparatus, we performed a quantum resonant tunneling experiment on two qubits inside the 2D qubit array. With supporting lab measurements, we demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed architecture in scaling-up the existing quantum core to thousands of qubits.      
### 53.Merging Subject Matter Expertise and Deep Convolutional Neural Network for State-Based Online Machine-Part Interaction Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04572.pdf)
>  Machine-part interaction classification is a key capability required by Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS), a pivotal enabler of Smart Manufacturing (SM). While previous relevant studies on the subject have primarily focused on time series classification, change point detection is equally important because it provides temporal information on changes in behavior of the machine. In this work, we address point detection and time series classification for machine-part interactions with a deep Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) based framework. The CNN in this framework utilizes a two-stage encoder-classifier structure for efficient feature representation and convenient deployment customization for CPS. Though data-driven, the design and optimization of the framework are Subject Matter Expertise (SME) guided. An SME defined Finite State Machine (FSM) is incorporated into the framework to prohibit intermittent misclassifications. In the case study, we implement the framework to perform machine-part interaction classification on a milling machine, and the performance is evaluated using a testing dataset and deployment simulations. The implementation achieved an average F1-Score of 0.946 across classes on the testing dataset and an average delay of 0.24 seconds on the deployment simulations.      
### 54.Adaptive CLF-MPC With Application To Quadrupedal Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04536.pdf)
>  Modern robotic systems are endowed with superior mobility and mechanical skills that make them suited to be employed in real-world scenarios, where interactions with heavy objects and precise manipulation capabilities are required. For instance, legged robots with high payload capacity can be used in disaster scenarios to remove dangerous material or carry injured people. It is thus essential to develop planning algorithms that can enable complex robots to perform motion and manipulation tasks accurately. In addition, online adaptation mechanisms with respect to new, unknown environments are needed. In this work, we impose that the optimal state-input trajectories generated by Model Predictive Control (MPC) satisfy the Lyapunov function criterion derived in adaptive control for robotic systems. As a result, we combine the stability guarantees provided by Control Lyapunov Functions (CLFs) and the optimality offered by MPC in a unified adaptive framework, yielding an improved performance during the robot's interaction with unknown objects. We validate the proposed approach in simulation and hardware tests on a quadrupedal robot carrying un-modeled payloads and pulling heavy boxes.      
### 55.Segment and Complete: Defending Object Detectors against Adversarial Patch Attacks with Robust Patch Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2112.04532.pdf)
>  Object detection plays a key role in many security-critical systems. Adversarial patch attacks, which are easy to implement in the physical world, pose a serious threat to state-of-the-art object detectors. Developing reliable defenses for object detectors against patch attacks is critical but severely understudied. In this paper, we propose Segment and Complete defense (SAC), a general framework for defending object detectors against patch attacks through detecting and removing adversarial patches. We first train a patch segmenter that outputs patch masks that provide pixel-level localization of adversarial patches. We then propose a self adversarial training algorithm to robustify the patch segmenter. In addition, we design a robust shape completion algorithm, which is guaranteed to remove the entire patch from the images given the outputs of the patch segmenter are within a certain Hamming distance of the ground-truth patch masks. Our experiments on COCO and xView datasets demonstrate that SAC achieves superior robustness even under strong adaptive attacks with no performance drop on clean images, and generalizes well to unseen patch shapes, attack budgets, and unseen attack methods. Furthermore, we present the APRICOT-Mask dataset, which augments the APRICOT dataset with pixel-level annotations of adversarial patches. We show SAC can significantly reduce the targeted attack success rate of physical patch attacks.      
