# ArXiv eess --Fri, 2 Sep 2022
### 1.diaLogic: Non-Invasive Speaker-Focused Data Acquisition for Team Behavior Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00619.pdf)
>  This paper presents diaLogic system, a Human-In-A-Loop system for modeling the behavior of teams during solving open-ended problems. Team behavior is modeled through the hypotheses extracted from features computed from acquired voice data. These features include speaker interactions, speaker emotions, fundamental frequencies, and the corresponding text and clauses. Hypotheses about the invariant and differentiated situations are found based on the similarities and dissimilarities of the behavior of teams over time. To provide full automation of data acquisition, the diaLogic system is executed within an intuitive, user-friendly GUI interface. Experiments present the performance of the system for a broad set of cases featuring team behavior during problem solving.      
### 2.Adversarial Stain Transfer to Study the Effect of Color Variation on Cell Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00585.pdf)
>  Stain color variation in histological images, caused by a variety of factors, is a challenge not only for the visual diagnosis of pathologists but also for cell segmentation algorithms. To eliminate the color variation, many stain normalization approaches have been proposed. However, most were designed for hematoxylin and eosin staining images and performed poorly on immunohistochemical staining images. Current cell segmentation methods systematically apply stain normalization as a preprocessing step, but the impact brought by color variation has not been quantitatively investigated yet. In this paper, we produced five groups of NeuN staining images with different colors. We applied a deep learning image-recoloring method to perform color transfer between histological image groups. Finally, we altered the color of a segmentation set and quantified the impact of color variation on cell segmentation. The results demonstrated the necessity of color normalization prior to subsequent analysis.      
### 3.On the Energy-Efficiency Maximization for IRS-Assisted MIMOME Wiretap Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00581.pdf)
>  Security and energy efficiency have become crucial features in the modern-era wireless communication. In this paper, we consider an energy-efficient design for intelligent reflecting surface (IRS)-assisted multiple-input multiple-output multiple-eavesdropper (MIMOME) wiretap channels (WTC). Our objective is to jointly optimize the transmit covariance matrix and the IRS phase-shifts to maximize the secrecy energy efficiency (SEE) of the considered system subject to a secrecy rate constraint at the legitimate receiver. To tackle this challenging non-convex problem in which the design variables are coupled in the objective and the constraint, we propose a penalty dual decomposition based alternating gradient projection (PDDAPG) method to obtain an efficient solution. We also show that the computational complexity of the proposed algorithm grows only linearly with the number of reflecting elements at the IRS, as well as with the number of antennas at transmitter/receivers' nodes. Our results confirm that using an IRS is helpful to improve the SEE of MIMOME WTC compared to its no-IRS counterpart only when the power consumption at IRS is small. In particular, and a large-sized IRS is not always beneficial for the SEE of a MIMOME WTC.      
### 4.Analysis of indistinguishable trajectories of a nonholonomic vehicle subject to range measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00567.pdf)
>  In this paper we analyse the indistinguishability properties of the trajectory followed by a vehicle subject to ranging measurements that are intermittent, due to sampling or to finite sensing range. Considering the intermittent sensing and a particular class of robot dynamical models, whose trajectory has a shape uniquely defined by its control inputs, we can regard the trajectory as a rigid body, described by the polyline connecting the points where successive measurements occur. With this generalisation, we reduce the problem to finding the conditions on the shape of the trajectory, on the layout of the anchors and on the number of measurements and their distribution among the anchors, that allow us find a unique roto-translation of the trajectory, regarded as a rigid body, compliant with the collected measurements. Moreover, we show that the unicycle kinematic model falls in the class of dynamical systems whose trajectory can be represented as a rigid body, and we also propose a local constructibility analysis for this particular dynamics, by means of the Constructibility Gramian.      
### 5.Systems Theoretic Process Analysis of a Run Time Assured Neural Network Control System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00552.pdf)
>  This research considers the problem of identifying safety constraints and developing Run Time Assurance (RTA) for Deep Reinforcement Learning (RL) Tactical Autopilots that use neural network control systems (NNCS). This research studies a specific use case of an NNCS performing autonomous formation flight while an RTA system provides collision avoidance and geofence assurances. First, Systems Theoretic Accident Models and Processes (STAMP) is applied to identify accidents, hazards, and safety constraints as well as define a functional control system block diagram of the ground station, manned flight lead, and surrogate unmanned wingman. Then, Systems Theoretic Process Analysis (STPA) is applied to the interactions of the the ground station, manned flight lead, surrogate unmanned wingman, and internal elements of the wingman aircraft to identify unsafe control actions, scenarios leading to each, and safety requirements to mitigate risks. This research is the first application of STAMP and STPA to an NNCS bounded by RTA.      
### 6.On the potential of jointly-optimised solutions to spoofing attack detection and automatic speaker verification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00506.pdf)
>  The spoofing-aware speaker verification (SASV) challenge was designed to promote the study of jointly-optimised solutions to accomplish the traditionally separately-optimised tasks of spoofing detection and speaker verification. Jointly-optimised systems have the potential to operate in synergy as a better performing solution to the single task of reliable speaker verification. However, none of the 23 submissions to SASV 2022 are jointly optimised. We have hence sought to determine why separately-optimised sub-systems perform best or why joint optimisation was not successful. Experiments reported in this paper show that joint optimisation is successful in improving robustness to spoofing but that it degrades speaker verification performance. The findings suggest that spoofing detection and speaker verification sub-systems should be optimised jointly in a manner which reflects the differences in how information provided by each sub-system is complementary to that provided by the other. Progress will also likely depend upon the collection of data from a larger number of speakers.      
### 7.Joint Speaker Encoder and Neural Back-end Model for Fully End-to-End Automatic Speaker Verification with Multiple Enrollment Utterances  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00485.pdf)
>  Conventional automatic speaker verification systems can usually be decomposed into a front-end model such as time delay neural network (TDNN) for extracting speaker embeddings and a back-end model such as statistics-based probabilistic linear discriminant analysis (PLDA) or neural network-based neural PLDA (NPLDA) for similarity scoring. However, the sequential optimization of the front-end and back-end models may lead to a local minimum, which theoretically prevents the whole system from achieving the best optimization. Although some methods have been proposed for jointly optimizing the two models, such as the generalized end-to-end (GE2E) model and NPLDA E2E model, all of these methods are designed for use with a single enrollment utterance. In this paper, we propose a new E2E joint method for speaker verification especially designed for the practical case of multiple enrollment utterances. In order to leverage the intra-relationship among multiple enrollment utterances, our model comes equipped with frame-level and utterance-level attention mechanisms. We also utilize several data augmentation techniques, including conventional noise augmentation using MUSAN and RIRs datasets and a unique speaker embedding-level mixup strategy for better optimization.      
### 8.Physically-primed deep-neural-networks for generalized undersampled MRI reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00462.pdf)
>  A plethora of deep-neural-networks (DNN) based methods were proposed over the past few years to address the challenging ill-posed inverse problem of MRI reconstruction from undersampled "k-space" (Fourier domain) data. However, instability against variations in the acquisition process and the anatomical distribution, indicates a poor generalization of the relevant physical models by the DNN architectures compared to their classical counterparts. The poor generalization effectively precludes DNN applicability for undersampled MRI reconstruction in the clinical setting. We improve the generalization capacity of DNN methods for undersampled MRI reconstruction by introducing a physically-primed DNN architecture and training approach. Our architecture encodes the undersampling mask in addition to the observed data in the model architecture and employs an appropriate training approach that uses data generated with various undersampling masks to encourage the model to generalize the undersampled MRI reconstruction problem. We demonstrated the added-value of our approach through extensive experimentation with the publicly available Fast-MRI dataset. Our physically-primed approach achieved an enhanced generalization capacity which resulted in significantly improved robustness against variations in the acquisition process and in the anatomical distribution, especially in pathological regions, compared to both vanilla DNN methods and DNN trained with undersampling mask augmentation. Trained models and code to replicate our experiments will become available for research purposes upon acceptance.      
### 9.Recurrent LSTM-based UAV Trajectory Prediction with ADS-B Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00436.pdf)
>  Recently, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are gathering increasing attentions from both the academia and industry. The ever-growing number of UAV brings challenges for air traffic control (ATC), and thus trajectory prediction plays a vital role in ATC, especially for avoiding collisions among UAVs. However, the dynamic flight of UAV aggravates the complexity of trajectory prediction. Different with civil aviation aircrafts, the most intractable difficulty for UAV trajectory prediction depends on acquiring effective location information. Fortunately, the automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast (ADS-B) is an effective technique to help obtain positioning information. It is widely used in the civil aviation aircraft, due to its high data update frequency and low cost of corresponding ground stations construction. Hence, in this work, we consider leveraging ADS-B to help UAV trajectory prediction. However, with the ADS-B information for a UAV, it still lacks efficient mechanism to predict the UAV trajectory. It is noted that the recurrent neural network (RNN) is available for the UAV trajectory prediction, in which the long short-term memory (LSTM) is specialized in dealing with the time-series data. As above, in this work, we design a system of UAV trajectory prediction with the ADS-B information, and propose the recurrent LSTM (RLSTM) based algorithm to achieve the accurate prediction. Finally, extensive simulations are conducted by Python to evaluate the proposed algorithms, and the results show that the average trajectory prediction error is satisfied, which is in line with expectations.      
### 10.Spoofing-Aware Attention based ASV Back-end with Multiple Enrollment Utterances and a Sampling Strategy for the SASV Challenge 2022  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00423.pdf)
>  Current state-of-the-art automatic speaker verification (ASV) systems are vulnerable to presentation attacks, and several countermeasures (CMs), which distinguish bona fide trials from spoofing ones, have been explored to protect ASV. However, ASV systems and CMs are generally developed and optimized independently without considering their inter-relationship. In this paper, we propose a new spoofing-aware ASV back-end module that efficiently computes a combined ASV score based on speaker similarity and CM score. In addition to the learnable fusion function of the two scores, the proposed back-end module has two types of attention components, scaled-dot and feed-forward self-attention, so that intra-relationship information of multiple enrollment utterances can also be learned at the same time. Moreover, a new effective trials-sampling strategy is designed for simulating new spoofing-aware verification scenarios introduced in the Spoof-Aware Speaker Verification (SASV) challenge 2022.      
### 11.A Unified Framework for Consensus and Synchronization on Lie Groups admitting a Bi-Invariant Metric  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00345.pdf)
>  For a finite number of agents evolving on a Euclidean space and linked to each other by a connected graph, the Laplacian flow that is based on the inter-agent errors, ensures consensus or synchronization for both first and second-order dynamics. When such agents evolve on a circle (the Kuramoto oscillator), the flow that depends on the sinusoid of the inter-agent error angles generalizes the same. In this work, it is shown that the Laplacian flow and the Kuramoto oscillator are special cases of a more general theory of consensus on Lie groups that admit bi-invariant metrics. Such a theory not only enables generalization of these consensus and synchronization algorithms to Lie groups but also provide insight on to the abstract group theoretic and differential geometric properties that ensures convergence in Euclidean space and the circle.      
### 12.Beyond Diagonal Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces: A Multi-Sector Mode Enabling Highly Directional Full-Space Wireless Coverage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00301.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) has gained much traction due to its potential to manipulate the propagation environment via nearly-passive reconfigurable elements. In our previous work, we have analyzed and proposed a beyond diagonal RIS (BD-RIS) model, which is not limited to traditional diagonal phase shift matrices, to unify different RIS modes/architectures. In this paper, we create a new branch of BD-RIS supporting a multi-sector mode. A multi-sector BD-RIS is modeled as multiple antennas connected to a multi-port group-connected reconfigurable impedance network. More specifically, antennas are divided into $L$ ($L \ge 2$) sectors and arranged as a polygon prism with each sector covering $1/L$ space. Different from the recently introduced concept of intelligent omni-surface (or simultaneously transmitting and reflecting RIS), the multi-sector BD-RIS not only achieves a full-space coverage, but also has significant performance gains thanks to the highly directional beam of each sector.We derive the constraint of the multi-sector BD-RIS and the corresponding channel model taking into account the relationship between antenna beamwidth and gain. With the proposed model, we first derive the scaling law of the received signal power for a multi-sector BD-RIS-assisted single-user system. We then propose efficient beamforming design algorithms to maximize the sum-rate of the multi-sector BD-RIS-assisted multiuser system. Simulation results verify the effectiveness of the proposed design and demonstrate the performance enhancement of the proposed multi-sector BD-RIS.      
### 13.Energy-Efficient Trajectory Design of a Multi-IRS Assisted Portable Access Point  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00297.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a framework for energy-efficient trajectory design of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based portable access point (PAP) deployed to serve a set of ground nodes (GNs). In addition to the PAP and GNs, the system consists of a set of intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRSs) mounted on man-made structures to increase the number of bits transmitted per Joule of energy consumed measured as the global energy efficiency (GEE). The GEE trajectory for the PAP is designed by considering the UAV propulsion energy consumption and the Peukert effect of the PAP battery, which represents an accurate battery discharge profile as a non-linear function of the UAV power consumption profile. The GEE trajectory design problem is solved in two phases: in the first, a path for the PAP and feasible positions for the IRS modules are found using a multi-tier circle packing method, and the required IRS phase shift values are calculated using an alternate optimization method that considers the interdependence between the amplitude and phase responses of an IRS element; in the second phase, the PAP flying velocity and user scheduling are calculated using a novel multilap trajectory design algorithm. Numerical evaluations show that: neglecting the Peukert effect overestimates the available flight time of the PAP; after a certain threshold, increasing the battery size reduces the available flight time of the PAP; the presence of IRS modules improves the GEE of the system compared to other baseline scenarios; the multi-lap trajectory saves more energy compared to a single-lap trajectory developed using a combination of sequential convex programming and Dinkelbach algorithm.      
### 14.Correction to Friis Noise Factors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00287.pdf)
>  The signal-to-noise ratio of a multistage cascade network is often estimated using Friis formulas for noise factors (or the noise figures in decibel). In this letter, the correct formulas to calculate the stage-wise noise factors and the total noise factor in terms of the stage-wise noise factors of an n-stage cascade network are derived. A comparison of our derived formulas for noise factors with Friis's formulas is presented. Contrary to Friis's total noise factor in terms of the stage-wise noise factors, we define the actual total noise factor of the n-stage cascade network as the product of its stage-wise noise factors.      
### 15.Radio Localization and Sensing -- Part II: State-of-the-art and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00249.pdf)
>  This letter is part of a two-letter tutorial on radio localization and sensing, with a focus on mobile radio systems, i.e., 5G and beyond. Building on Part I, which focused on the fundamentals, here we go deeper into the state-of-the-art advances, as well as 6G, covering enablers and challenges related to modeling, coverage, and accuracy.      
### 16.Radio Localization and Sensing -- Part I: Fundamentals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00245.pdf)
>  This letter is part of a two-letter tutorial on radio localization and sensing, with focus on mobile radio systems in 5G mmWave and beyond. Part I introduces the fundamentals, covering an overview of the relevant literature, as well as the different aspects of localization and sensing problems. Then, different performance metrics are presented, which are important in the evaluation of methods. Methods are detailed in the last part of this letter. Part I thus provides the necessary background to delve into more forward-looking problems in Part II.      
### 17.Non-Cooperative Resource Management for Intelligent Reflecting Surface Aided Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00226.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) has emerged as a promising and revolutionizing technology for future wireless networks. Most existing IRS studies focus on simple cooperative systems which usually have a single frequency band. In realistic non-cooperative multi-band networks, however, the existing IRS designs may be not applicable or have severe performance degradation. Thus, in the complex network environment, it is more rational to consider IRSs as public resources to be dynamically allocated to appropriate users. In this paper, we first introduce the auction theory to tackle the resource management problem for a multi-IRS-assisted non-cooperative network. An efficient auction algorithm framework is introduced to sub-optimally solve this non-convex problem. Simulation result illustrates that the significant performance improvement can be achieved by applying the auction algorithm in the complex multi-IRS-assisted non-cooperative network.      
### 18.Invariant and Dual Invariant Subspaces of $k$-valued Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00209.pdf)
>  Three kinds of (control) invariant subspaces, namely, dual, node, and state invariant subspaces, are investigated. An algorithm is presented to verify whether a dual subspace is a dual control invariant subspace or not. The bearing space of $k$-valued (control) networks is introduced. Using the structure of bearing space, the universal invariant subspace is introduced, which is independent of the dynamics of particular networks. Finally, the relationship between invariant subspaces and dual invariant subspaces of networks is investigated. A duality result shows that if a dual subspace is invariant then its perpendicular state subspace is also invariant and vice versa.      
### 19.Joint Beamforming Design for Intelligent Omni Surface Assisted Wireless Communication Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00199.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) has been widely considered as one of the key enabling techniques for future wireless communication networks owing to its ability of dynamically controlling the phase shift of reflected electromagnetic (EM) waves to construct a favorable propagation environment. While IRS only focuses on signal reflection, the recently emerged innovative concept of intelligent omni-surface (IOS) can provide the dual functionality of manipulating reflecting and transmitting signals. Thus, IOS is a new paradigm for achieving ubiquitous wireless communications. In this paper, we consider an IOSassisted multi-user multi-input single-output (MU-MISO) system where the IOS utilizes its reflective and transmissive properties to enhance the MU-MISO transmission. Both power minimization and sum-rate maximization problems are solved by exploiting the second-order cone programming (SOCP), Riemannian manifold, weighted minimum mean square error (WMMSE), and block coordinate descent (BCD) methods. Simulation results verify the advancements of the IOS for wireless systems and illustrate the significant performance improvement of our proposed joint transmit beamforming, reflecting and transmitting phase-shift, and IOS energy division design algorithms. Compared with conventional IRS, IOS can significantly extend the communication coverage, enhance the strength of received signals, and improve the quality of communication links.      
### 20.Group frame neural network of moving object ghost imaging combined with frame merging algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00196.pdf)
>  The nature of multiple samples to extract correlation information limits the applications of ghost imaging of moving objects. A novel multi-to-one neural network is proposed and the concept of "batch frame" is introduced to improve the serial imaging method. The neural network extracts more correlation information from a small number of samples, thus reducing the sampling ratio of the ghost imaging technique. We combine the correlation characteristics between images to propose a frame merging algorithm, which eliminates the dynamic blur of high-speed moving objects and further improves the reconstruction quality of moving object images at a low sampling ratio. The experimental results are consistent with the simulation results.      
### 21.Equivalence of SS-based MPC and ARX-based MPC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00107.pdf)
>  This paper presents the equivalence of two kinds of Model Predictive Control (MPC) based on the state-space (SS) model and the autoregressive model with exogenous (ARX) terms model. Firstly, based on the Cayley-Hamilton (CH) theorem, a SS model can be transformed into a unique equivalent ARX model, but this CH-based SS-to-ARX transformation is sensitive to process and measurement noises. We then present two more generalized SS-to-ARX transformations based on the Observer-Theory (OT) and Kalman Filter (KF). The same structure of their final transformed ARX models explains that the OT-based SS-to-ARX transformation is robust to noises. Thus, an observable linear SS model can be equivalently transformed into an ARX model by designing an observer via pole placement method. This paper suggests for the first time how to play the role of SS-to-ARX transformation, which can be used in an interpretive and adaptive MPC framework. That is, an interpretative SS model is transformed into its equivalent adaptive ARX model in offline design, and then the adaptive ARX model updates online. An AFTI-16 MPC numerical example is used to illustrate the equivalence of SS-based MPC and ARX-based MPC problem and investigate the robustness of different SS-to-ARX transformations to noises      
### 22.A rapid-prototype MPC tool based on gPROMS platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00092.pdf)
>  This paper presents a rapid-prototype Model Predictive Control (MPC) tool based on the gPROMS platform, with the support for the whole MPC design flow. Our gPROMS-MPC tool can not only directly interact with a first-principle-based gPROMS model for closed-loop simulations but also utilizes its mathematical information to derive simplified MPC models, basically via linearization techniques. It can inherit the interpretability of the first-principle-based gPROMS model, unlike previous tools (like the PAROC framework, in which simplified MPC models are obtained from black-box system identification based on gPROMS simulation data. Our gPROMS-MPC tool allows users to choose when to linearize, such as linearization at each sampling time (successive linearization) or at some specific points to obtain one or multiple good linear models. Our gPROMS-MPC tool implements our previous construction-free \textit{CDAL} and the online parametric active-set \textit{qpOASES} algorithm to solve sparse or condensed MPC problem formulations for possible successive linearization or high state-dimension cases. And our \textit{CDAL} algorithm is also matrix-free and library-free, thus having the support for embedded C-code generation. A flash-separation numerical example is used to validate the correctness of our gPROMS-MPC tool and investigate performance of different MPC schemes.      
### 23.Analytic solution of the exact Daum-Huang flow equation for particle filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00089.pdf)
>  State estimation for nonlinear systems, especially in high dimensions, is a generally intractable problem, despite the ever-increasing computing power. Efficient algorithms usually apply a finite-dimensional model for approximating the probability density of the state vector or treat the estimation problem numerically. In 2007 Daum and Huang introduced a novel particle filter approach that uses a homotopy-induced particle flow for the Bayesian update step. Multiple types of particle flows were derived since with different properties. The exact flow considered in this work is a first-order linear ordinary time-varying inhomogeneous differential equation for the particle motion. An analytic solution in the interval [0,1] is derived for the scalar measurement case, which enables faster computation of the Bayesian update step for particle filters.      
### 24.A Semi-Algebraic Framework for Verification and Synthesis of Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00081.pdf)
>  Safety is a critical property for control systems in medicine, transportation, manufacturing, and other applications, and can be defined as ensuring positive invariance of a predefined safe set. One approach to ensuring safety is to construct a Control Barrier Function (CBF) such that the system is safe when the CBF is nonnegative, and then choose a control input to ensure nonnegativity of the CBF at each time step, provided that such an input exists. This paper investigates the problems of verification and synthesis of control barrier functions. In the area of verification, we use the algebraic-geometric Positivstellensatz to construct convex equivalent conditions for a CBF to ensure safety. We extend these conditions to control policies based on unions and intersections of CBFs, high-order CBFs, and systems with trigonometric dynamics, actuation constraints, and Euler-Lagrange dynamics. In the area of synthesis, we propose algorithms for constructing CBFs, namely, an alternating-descent approach, a local CBF approach, and a Newton's method approach. We prove that the latter algorithm guarantees local convergence to a CBF at a quadratic rate.      
### 25.Lip-to-Speech Synthesis for Arbitrary Speakers in the Wild  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00642.pdf)
>  In this work, we address the problem of generating speech from silent lip videos for any speaker in the wild. In stark contrast to previous works, our method (i) is not restricted to a fixed number of speakers, (ii) does not explicitly impose constraints on the domain or the vocabulary and (iii) deals with videos that are recorded in the wild as opposed to within laboratory settings. The task presents a host of challenges, with the key one being that many features of the desired target speech, like voice, pitch and linguistic content, cannot be entirely inferred from the silent face video. In order to handle these stochastic variations, we propose a new VAE-GAN architecture that learns to associate the lip and speech sequences amidst the variations. With the help of multiple powerful discriminators that guide the training process, our generator learns to synthesize speech sequences in any voice for the lip movements of any person. Extensive experiments on multiple datasets show that we outperform all baselines by a large margin. Further, our network can be fine-tuned on videos of specific identities to achieve a performance comparable to single-speaker models that are trained on $4\times$ more data. We conduct numerous ablation studies to analyze the effect of different modules of our architecture. We also provide a demo video that demonstrates several qualitative results along with the code and trained models on our website: \url{<a class="link-external link-http" href="http://cvit.iiit.ac.in/research/projects/cvit-projects/lip-to-speech-synthesis" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>}}      
### 26.Incremental Online Learning Algorithms Comparison for Gesture and Visual Smart Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00591.pdf)
>  Tiny machine learning (TinyML) in IoT systems exploits MCUs as edge devices for data processing. However, traditional TinyML methods can only perform inference, limited to static environments or classes. Real case scenarios usually work in dynamic environments, thus drifting the context where the original neural model is no more suitable. For this reason, pre-trained models reduce accuracy and reliability during their lifetime because the data recorded slowly becomes obsolete or new patterns appear. Continual learning strategies maintain the model up to date, with runtime fine-tuning of the parameters. This paper compares four state-of-the-art algorithms in two real applications: i) gesture recognition based on accelerometer data and ii) image classification. Our results confirm these systems' reliability and the feasibility of deploying them in tiny-memory MCUs, with a drop in the accuracy of a few percentage points with respect to the original models for unconstrained computing platforms.      
### 27.Towards Hexapod Gait Adaptation using Enumerative Encoding of Gaits: Gradient-Free Heuristics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00486.pdf)
>  The quest for the efficient adaptation of multilegged robotic systems to changing conditions is expected to render new insights into robotic control and locomotion. In this paper, we study the performance frontiers of the enumerative (factorial) encoding of hexapod gaits for fast recovery to conditions of leg failures. Our computational studies using five nature-inspired gradient-free optimization heuristics have shown that it is possible to render feasible recovery gait strategies that achieve minimal deviation to desired locomotion directives with a few evaluations (trials). For instance, it is possible to generate viable recovery gait strategies reaching 2.5 cm. (10 cm.) deviation on average with respect to a commanded direction with 40 - 60 (20) evaluations/trials. Our results are the potential to enable efficient adaptation to new conditions and to explore further the canonical representations for adaptation in robotic locomotion problems.      
### 28.Trajectory Optimization of Cellular-Connected UAV for Information Collection and Transmission  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00430.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a cellular-connected unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) with an information collection and transmission mission for multiple ground targets. Specifically, the UAV is required to collect a fixed amount of information of each target by hovering at a pre-determined location (via e.g., photography/videography/sensing), and transmit all the collected information to the cellular network during its flight. We aim to jointly optimize the UAV's trajectory and the information collection order of the ground targets to minimize the mission completion time. The formulated problem is NP-hard due to the need of visiting the information collection locations for all targets; moreover, the UAV's trajectories over different time durations are coupled in non-convex constraints for ensuring information transmission completion. To handle this difficult problem, we first propose a structured communication protocol between the UAV and the cellular network, which decouples the UAV's trajectory designs in different time durations. Then, under the proposed protocol, we establish an equivalent graph-based model for the considered problem, and devise a low-complexity algorithm for finding an approximate solution by exploiting the problem structure and leveraging graph theory. Numerical results show that our proposed design achieves efficient information collection and transmission, and outperforms various benchmark schemes.      
### 29.On the detection of morphing attacks generated by GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00404.pdf)
>  Recent works have demonstrated the feasibility of GAN-based morphing attacks that reach similar success rates as more traditional landmark-based methods. This new type of "deep" morphs might require the development of new adequate detectors to protect face recognition systems. We explore simple deep morph detection baselines based on spectral features and LBP histograms features, as well as on CNN models, both in the intra-dataset and cross-dataset case. We observe that simple LBP-based systems are already quite accurate in the intra-dataset setting, but struggle with generalization, a phenomenon that is partially mitigated by fusing together several of those systems at score-level. We conclude that a pretrained ResNet effective for GAN image detection is the most effective overall, reaching close to perfect accuracy. We note however that LBP-based systems maintain a level of interest : additionally to their lower computational requirements and increased interpretability with respect to CNNs, LBP+ResNet fusions sometimes also showcase increased performance versus ResNet-only, hinting that LBP-based systems can focus on meaningful signal that is not necessarily picked up by the CNN detector.      
### 30.AccoMontage2: A Complete Harmonization and Accompaniment Arrangement System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00353.pdf)
>  We propose AccoMontage2, a system capable of doing full-length song harmonization and accompaniment arrangement based on a lead melody. Following AccoMontage, this study focuses on generating piano arrangements for popular/folk songs and it carries on the generalized template-based retrieval method. The novelties of this study are twofold. First, we invent a harmonization module (which AccoMontage does not have). This module generates structured and coherent full-length chord progression by optimizing and balancing three loss terms: a micro-level loss for note-wise dissonance, a meso-level loss for phrase-template matching, and a macro-level loss for full piece coherency. Second, we develop a graphical user interface which allows users to select different styles of chord progression and piano texture. Currently, chord progression styles include Pop, R&amp;B, and Dark, while piano texture styles include several levels of voicing density and rhythmic complexity. Experimental results show that both our harmonization and arrangement results significantly outperform the baselines. Lastly, we release AccoMontage2 as an online application as well as the organized chord progression templates as a public dataset.      
### 31.Generating Coherent Drum Accompaniment With Fills And Improvisations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00291.pdf)
>  Creating a complex work of art like music necessitates profound creativity. With recent advancements in deep learning and powerful models such as transformers, there has been huge progress in automatic music generation. In an accompaniment generation context, creating a coherent drum pattern with apposite fills and improvisations at proper locations in a song is a challenging task even for an experienced drummer. Drum beats tend to follow a repetitive pattern through stanzas with fills or improvisation at section boundaries. In this work, we tackle the task of drum pattern generation conditioned on the accompanying music played by four melodic instruments: Piano, Guitar, Bass, and Strings. We use the transformer sequence to sequence model to generate a basic drum pattern conditioned on the melodic accompaniment to find that improvisation is largely absent, attributed possibly to its expectedly relatively low representation in the training data. We propose a novelty function to capture the extent of improvisation in a bar relative to its neighbors. We train a model to predict improvisation locations from the melodic accompaniment tracks. Finally, we use a novel BERT-inspired in-filling architecture, to learn the structure of both the drums and melody to in-fill elements of improvised music.      
### 32.Video-Guided Curriculum Learning for Spoken Video Grounding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00277.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a new task, spoken video grounding (SVG), which aims to localize the desired video fragments from spoken language descriptions. Compared with using text, employing audio requires the model to directly exploit the useful phonemes and syllables related to the video from raw speech. Moreover, we randomly add environmental noises to this speech audio, further increasing the difficulty of this task and better simulating real applications. To rectify the discriminative phonemes and extract video-related information from noisy audio, we develop a novel video-guided curriculum learning (VGCL) during the audio pre-training process, which can make use of the vital visual perceptions to help understand the spoken language and suppress the external noise. Considering during inference the model can not obtain ground truth video segments, we design a curriculum strategy that gradually shifts the input video from the ground truth to the entire video content during pre-training. Finally, the model can learn how to extract critical visual information from the entire video clip to help understand the spoken language. In addition, we collect the first large-scale spoken video grounding dataset based on ActivityNet, which is named as ActivityNet Speech dataset. Extensive experiments demonstrate our proposed video-guided curriculum learning can facilitate the pre-training process to obtain a mutual audio encoder, significantly promoting the performance of spoken video grounding tasks. Moreover, we prove that in the case of noisy sound, our model outperforms the method that grounding video with ASR transcripts, further demonstrating the effectiveness of our curriculum strategy.      
### 33.Attention Enhanced Citrinet for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00261.pdf)
>  Citrinet is an end-to-end convolutional Connectionist Temporal Classification (CTC) based automatic speech recognition (ASR) model. To capture local and global contextual information, 1D time-channel separable convolutions combined with sub-word encoding and squeeze-and-excitation (SE) are used in Citrinet, making the whole architecture to be as deep as including 23 blocks with 235 convolution layers and 46 linear layers. This pure convolutional and deep architecture makes Critrinet relatively slow at convergence. In this paper, we propose to introduce multi-head attentions together with feed-forward networks in the convolution module in Citrinet blocks while keeping the SE module and residual module unchanged. For speeding up, we remove 8 convolution layers in each attention-enhanced Citrinet block and reduce 23 blocks to 13. Experiments on the Japanese CSJ-500h and Magic-1600h dataset show that the attention-enhanced Citrinet with less layers and blocks and converges faster with lower character error rates than (1) Citrinet with 80\% training time and (2) Conformer with 40\% training time and 29.8\% model size.      
### 34.Deep Sparse Conformer for Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00260.pdf)
>  Conformer has achieved impressive results in Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) by leveraging transformer's capturing of content-based global interactions and convolutional neural network's exploiting of local features. In Conformer, two macaron-like feed-forward layers with half-step residual connections sandwich the multi-head self-attention and convolution modules followed by a post layer normalization. We improve Conformer's long-sequence representation ability in two directions, \emph{sparser} and \emph{deeper}. We adapt a sparse self-attention mechanism with $\mathcal{O}(L\text{log}L)$ in time complexity and memory usage. A deep normalization strategy is utilized when performing residual connections to ensure our training of hundred-level Conformer blocks. On the Japanese CSJ-500h dataset, this deep sparse Conformer achieves respectively CERs of 5.52\%, 4.03\% and 4.50\% on the three evaluation sets and 4.16\%, 2.84\% and 3.20\% when ensembling five deep sparse Conformer variants from 12 to 16, 17, 50, and finally 100 encoder layers.      
### 35.MM-PCQA: Multi-Modal Learning for No-reference Point Cloud Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00244.pdf)
>  The visual quality of point clouds has been greatly emphasized since the ever-increasing 3D vision applications are expected to provide cost-effective and high-quality experiences for users. Looking back on the development of point cloud quality assessment (PCQA) methods, the visual quality is usually evaluated by utilizing single-modal information, i.e., either extracted from the 2D projections or 3D point cloud. The 2D projections contain rich texture and semantic information but are highly dependent on viewpoints, while the 3D point clouds are more sensitive to geometry distortions and invariant to viewpoints. Therefore, to leverage the advantages of both point cloud and projected image modalities, we propose a novel no-reference point cloud quality assessment (NR-PCQA) metric in a multi-modal fashion. In specific, we split the point clouds into sub-models to represent local geometry distortions such as point shift and down-sampling. Then we render the point clouds into 2D image projections for texture feature extraction. To achieve the goals, the sub-models and projected images are encoded with point-based and image-based neural networks. Finally, symmetric cross-modal attention is employed to fuse multi-modal quality-aware information. Experimental results show that our approach outperforms all compared state-of-the-art methods and is far ahead of previous NR-PCQA methods, which highlights the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 36.Improved Sparse Vector Code Based on Optimized Spreading Matrix for Short-Packet URLLC in mMTC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00227.pdf)
>  Recently, the sparse vector code (SVC) is emerging as a promising solution for short-packet transmission in massive machine type communication (mMTC) as well as ultra-reliable and low-latency communication (URLLC). In the SVC process, the encoding and decoding stages are jointly modeled as a standard compressed sensing (CS) problem. Hence, this paper aims at improving the decoding performance of SVC by optimizing the spreading matrix (i.e. measurement matrix in CS). To this end, two greedy algorithms to minimize the mutual coherence value of the spreading matrix in SVC are proposed. Specially, for practical applications, the spreading matrices are further required to be bipolar whose entries are constrained as +1 or -1. As a result, the optimized spreading matrices are highly efficient for storage, computation, and hardware realization. Simulation results reveal that, compared with the existing work, the block error rate (BLER) performance of SVC can be improved significantly with the optimized spreading matrices.      
### 37.What is missing in deep music generation? A study of repetition and structure in popular music  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00182.pdf)
>  Structure is one of the most essential aspects of music, and music structure is commonly indicated through repetition. However, the nature of repetition and structure in music is still not well understood, especially in the context of music generation, and much remains to be explored with Music Information Retrieval (MIR) techniques. Analyses of two popular music datasets (Chinese and American) illustrate important music construction principles: (1) structure exists at multiple hierarchical levels, (2) songs use repetition and limited vocabulary so that individual songs do not follow general statistics of song collections, (3) structure interacts with rhythm, melody, harmony, and predictability, and (4) over the course of a song, repetition is not random, but follows a general trend as revealed by cross-entropy. These and other findings offer challenges as well as opportunities for deep-learning music generation and suggest new formal music criteria and evaluation methods. Music from recent music generation systems is analyzed and compared to human-composed music in our datasets, often revealing striking differences from a structural perspective.      
### 38.A Spring-Mass-Damper-Based Platooning Logic for AVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00174.pdf)
>  This paper applies a classical physics-based model to control platooning AVs in a commercial traffic simulation software. In Spring-Mass-Damper model, each vehicle is assumed as a mass coupled with its preceding vehicle with a spring and a damper: the spring constant and damper coefficient control spacing and speed adoption between vehicles. Limitations on platooning-oriented communication range and number of vehicles in each platoon are applied to the model to reflect real-world circumstances and avoid overlengthened platoons. The SMD model control both intra-platoon and inter-platoon interactions. Initial evaluation of the model reveals that the SMD model does not cause a negative spacing error between AVs in a harsh deceleration scenario, guaranteeing safety. Besides that, the SMD model produces a smaller positive average spacing error than VISSIM built-in platooning module, which prevents maximum throughput drop. The simulation result for a regular highway section reveals that the proposed platooning algorithm increases the maximum throughput by 10%, 29%, and 63% under 10%, 50%, and full market penetration rate of AVs with 0.5 sec response time. A merging section with different volume combinations on the main section and merging section and different market penetration rates of AVs is also modeled to test inter-platoon spacing policy effectiveness in accommodating merging vehicles. Travel time reductions of 20% and 4% are gained under low MPR of AVs on the mainlane and merging lane accordingly. Meanwhile, a more noticeable travel time reduction is observed in both mainline and merging lanes and under all volume combinations in higher AVs' MPR.      
### 39.Evaluating generative audio systems and their metrics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2209.00130.pdf)
>  Recent years have seen considerable advances in audio synthesis with deep generative models. However, the state-of-the-art is very difficult to quantify; different studies often use different evaluation methodologies and different metrics when reporting results, making a direct comparison to other systems difficult if not impossible. Furthermore, the perceptual relevance and meaning of the reported metrics in most cases unknown, prohibiting any conclusive insights with respect to practical usability and audio quality. This paper presents a study that investigates state-of-the-art approaches side-by-side with (i) a set of previously proposed objective metrics for audio reconstruction, and with (ii) a listening study. The results indicate that currently used objective metrics are insufficient to describe the perceptual quality of current systems.      
