# ArXiv eess --Mon, 1 Feb 2021
### 1.Speech Enhancement for Wake-Up-Word detection in Voice Assistants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12732.pdf)
>  Keyword spotting and in particular Wake-Up-Word (WUW) detection is a very important task for voice assistants. A very common issue of voice assistants is that they get easily activated by background noise like music, TV or background speech that accidentally triggers the device. In this paper, we propose a Speech Enhancement (SE) model adapted to the task of WUW detection that aims at increasing the recognition rate and reducing the false alarms in the presence of these types of noises. The SE model is a fully-convolutional denoising auto-encoder at waveform level and is trained using a log-Mel Spectrogram and waveform reconstruction losses together with the BCE loss of a simple WUW classification network. A new database has been purposely prepared for the task of recognizing the WUW in challenging conditions containing negative samples that are very phonetically similar to the keyword. The database is extended with public databases and an exhaustive data augmentation to simulate different noises and environments. The results obtained by concatenating the SE with a simple and state-of-the-art WUW detectors show that the SE does not have a negative impact on the recognition rate in quiet environments while increasing the performance in the presence of noise, especially when the SE and WUW detector are trained jointly end-to-end.      
### 2.Optimal Trajectory Planning and Model Predictive Control of Underactuated Marine Surface Vessels using a Flatness-Based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12730.pdf)
>  This paper demonstrates a refined approach to solving dynamic optimization problems for underactuated marine surface vessels. To this end the differential flatness of a mathematical model assuming full actuation is exploited to derive an efficient representation of a finite dimensional nonlinear programming problem, which in turn is constrained to apply to the underactuated case. It is illustrated how the properties of the flat output can be employed for the generation of an initial guess to be used in the optimization algorithm in the presence of static and dynamic obstacles. As an example energy optimal point to point trajectory planning for a nonlinear 3 degrees of freedom dynamic model of an underactuated surface vessel is undertaken. Input constraints, both in rate and magnitude as well as state constraints due to convex and non-convex obstacles in the area of operation are considered and simulation results for a challenging scenario are reported. Furthermore, an extension to a trajectory tracking controller using model predictive control is made where the benefits of the flatness based direct method allow to introduce nonuniform sample times that help to realize long prediction horizons while maintaining short term accuracy and real time capability. This is also verified in simulation where additional disturbances in the form of environmental disturbances, dynamic obstacles and parameter mismatch are introduced.      
### 3.BCN2BRNO: ASR System Fusion for Albayzin 2020 Speech to Text Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12729.pdf)
>  This paper describes joint effort of BUT and Telefónica Research on development of Automatic Speech Recognition systems for Albayzin 2020 Challenge. We compare approaches based on either hybrid or end-to-end models. In hybrid modelling, we explore the impact of SpecAugment layer on performance. For end-to-end modelling, we used a convolutional neural network with gated linear units (GLUs). The performance of such model is also evaluated with an additional n-gram language model to improve word error rates. We further inspect source separation methods to extract speech from noisy environment (i.e. TV shows). More precisely, we assess the effect of using a neural-based music separator named Demucs. A fusion of our best systems achieved 23.33% WER in official Albayzin 2020 evaluations. Aside from techniques used in our final submitted systems, we also describe our efforts in retrieving high quality transcripts for training.      
### 4.Quarter and Full Car Models Optimisation of Passive and Active Suspension System Using Genetic Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12629.pdf)
>  This study evaluates a suspension design of a passenger car to obtain maximum rider's comfort when the vehicle is subjected to different road profile or road surface condition. The challenge will be on finding a balance between the rider's comfort and vehicle handling to optimize design parameters. The study uses a simple passive suspension system and an active suspension model integrated with a pneumatic actuator controlled by proportional integral derivative (PID) controller in both quarter car and full car models having a different degree of freedoms (DOF) and increasing degrees of complexities. The quarter car considered as a 2-DOF model, while the full car model is a 7-DOF model. The design process set to optimise the spring stiffnesses, damping coefficients and actuator PID controller gains. For optimisation, the research featured genetic algorithm optimisation technique to obtain a balanced response of the vehicle as evaluated from the displacement, velocity and acceleration of sprung and unsprung masses along with different human comfort and vehicle performance criteria. The results revealed that the active suspension system with optimised spring stiffness, damping coefficients and PID gains demonstrated the superior riding comfort and road holding compared to a passive suspension system.      
### 5.Classification Of Automotive Targets Using Inverse Synthetic Aperture Radar Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12535.pdf)
>  We present a framework for simulating realistic inverse synthetic aperture radar images of automotive targets at millimeter wave frequencies. The model incorporates radar scattering phenomenology of commonly found vehicles along with range-Doppler based clutter and receiver noise. These images provide insights into the physical dimensions of the target, the number of wheels and the trajectory undertaken by the target. The model is experimentally validated with measurement data gathered from an automotive radar. The images from the simulation database are subsequently classified using both traditional machine learning techniques as well as deep neural networks based on transfer learning. We show that the ISAR images offer a classification accuracy above 90% and are robust to both noise and clutter.      
### 6.Cramér-Rao Bound Optimization for Joint Radar-Communication Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12530.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose multi-input multi-output (MIMO) beamforming designs towards joint radar sensing and multi-user communications. We employ the Cramér-Rao bound (CRB) as a performance metric of target estimation, under both point and extended target scenarios. We then propose minimizing the CRB of radar sensing while guaranteeing a pre-defined level of signal-to-interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) for each communication user. For the single-user scenario, we derive a closed form for the optimal solution for both cases of point and extended targets. For the multi-user scenario, we show that both problems can be relaxed into semidefinite programming by using the semidefinite relaxation approach, and prove that the global optimum can always be obtained. Finally, we demonstrate numerically that the globally optimal solutions are reachable via the proposed methods, which provide significant gains in target estimation performance over state-of-the-art benchmarks.      
### 7.On the Space-Time Statistics of Motion Pictures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12516.pdf)
>  It is well-known that natural images possess statistical regularities that can be captured by bandpass decomposition and divisive normalization processes that approximate early neural processing in the human visual system. We expand on these studies and present new findings on the properties of space-time natural statistics that are inherent in motion pictures. Our model relies on the concept of temporal bandpass (e.g. lag) filtering in LGN and area V1, which is similar to smoothed frame differencing of video frames. Specifically, we model the statistics of the differences between adjacent or neighboring video frames that have been slightly spatially displaced relative to one another. We find that when these space-time differences are further subjected to locally pooled divisive normalization, statistical regularities (or lack thereof) arise that depend on the local motion trajectory. We find that bandpass and divisively normalized frame-differences that are displaced along the motion direction exhibit stronger statistical regularities than for other displacements. Conversely, the direction-dependent regularities of displaced frame differences can be used to estimate the image motion (optical flow) by finding the space-time displacement paths that best preserve statistical regularity.      
### 8.Automated Deep Learning Analysis of Angiography Video Sequences for Coronary Artery Disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12505.pdf)
>  The evaluation of obstructions (stenosis) in coronary arteries is currently done by a physician's visual assessment of coronary angiography video sequences. It is laborious, and can be susceptible to interobserver variation. Prior studies have attempted to automate this process, but few have demonstrated an integrated suite of algorithms for the end-to-end analysis of angiograms. We report an automated analysis pipeline based on deep learning to rapidly and objectively assess coronary angiograms, highlight coronary vessels of interest, and quantify potential stenosis. We propose a 3-stage automated analysis method consisting of key frame extraction, vessel segmentation, and stenosis measurement. We combined powerful deep learning approaches such as ResNet and U-Net with traditional image processing and geometrical analysis. We trained and tested our algorithms on the Left Anterior Oblique (LAO) view of the right coronary artery (RCA) using anonymized angiograms obtained from a tertiary cardiac institution, then tested the generalizability of our technique to the Right Anterior Oblique (RAO) view. We demonstrated an overall improvement on previous work, with key frame extraction top-5 precision of 98.4%, vessel segmentation F1-Score of 0.891 and stenosis measurement 20.7% Type I Error rate.      
### 9.One-parameter robust global frequency estimator for amplitude-varying and noisy oscillations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12497.pdf)
>  Robust online estimation of an oscillation frequency belongs to classical problems of the system identification and adaptive control. The given harmonic signal can be noisy and amplitude-varying, at the same time, like e.g. in case of the damped oscillations. A novel robust frequency estimation algorithm is proposed, motivated by the existing globally convergent frequency estimator. Advantage of the proposed estimator is in requiring one design parameter only and being robust against the measurement noise and initial conditions. The proven global convergence is insensitive to the amplitude variations, which comes in favor of applications with damped oscillations or additionally shaped harmonic signals. The proposed analysis is simple and discloses an exponential convergence rate, which depends analytically from the sought frequency, adaptation gain, and oscillations amplitude. Numerical and experimental examples demonstrate robustness and efficiency of the proposed estimator for amplitude-varying and noisy signals.      
### 10.Balancing Wind and Batteries: Towards Predictive Verification of Smart Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12496.pdf)
>  We study a smart grid with wind power and battery storage. Traditionally, day-ahead planning aims to balance demand and wind power, yet actual wind conditions often deviate from forecasts. Short-term flexibility in storage and generation fills potential gaps, planned on a minutes time scale for 30-60 minute horizons. Finding the optimal flexibility deployment requires solving a semi-infinite non-convex stochastic program, which is generally intractable to do exactly. Previous approaches rely on sampling, yet such critical problems call for rigorous approaches with stronger guarantees. Our method employs probabilistic model checking techniques. First, we cast the problem as a continuous-space Markov decision process with discretized control, for which an optimal deployment strategy minimizes the expected grid frequency deviation. To mitigate state space explosion, we exploit specific structural properties of the model to implement an iterative exploration method that reuses pre-computed values as wind data is updated. Our experiments show the method's feasibility and versatility across grid configurations and time scales.      
### 11.Transmission Power Allocation for Remote Estimation with Multi-packet Reception Capabilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12493.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the problem of transmission power allocation for remote estimation of a dynamical system in the case where the estimator is able to simultaneously receive packets from multiple interfering sensors, as it is possible e.g. with the latest wireless technologies such as 5G and WiFi. To this end we introduce a general model where packet arrival probabilities are determined based on the received Signal-to-Interference-and-Noise Ratio and with two different receivers design schemes, one implementing standard multi-packet reception technique and one implementing Successive Interference Cancellation decoding algorithm in addition. Then we cast the power allocation problem as an optimization task where the mean error covariance at the remote estimator is minimized, while penalizing the mean transmission power consumption. For the infinite-horizon problem we show the existence of a stationary optimal policy, while for the finite-horizon case we derive some structural properties under the special scenario where the overall system to be estimated can be seen as a set of independent subsystems. Numerical simulations illustrate the improvement given by the proposed receivers over orthogonal schemes that schedules only one sensor transmission at a time in order to avoid interference.      
### 12.Moment-Based Exact Uncertainty Propagation Through Nonlinear Stochastic Autonomous Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12490.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of uncertainty propagation through nonlinear stochastic dynamical systems. More precisely, given a discrete-time continuous-state probabilistic nonlinear dynamical system, we aim at finding the sequence of the moments of the probability distributions of the system states up to any desired order over the given planning horizon. Moments of uncertain states can be used in estimation, planning, control, and safety analysis of stochastic dynamical systems. Existing approaches to address moment propagation problems provide approximate descriptions of the moments and are mainly limited to particular set of uncertainties, e.g., Gaussian disturbances. In this paper, to describe the moments of uncertain states, we introduce trigonometric and also mixed-trigonometric-polynomial moments. Such moments allow us to obtain closed deterministic dynamical systems that describe the exact time evolution of the moments of uncertain states of an important class of autonomous and robotic systems including underwater, ground, and aerial vehicles, robotic arms and walking robots. Such obtained deterministic dynamical systems can be used, in a receding horizon fashion, to propagate the uncertainties over the planning horizon in real-time. To illustrate the performance of the proposed method, we benchmark our method against existing approaches including linear, unscented transformation, and sampling based uncertainty propagation methods that are widely used in estimation, prediction, planning, and control problems.      
### 13.Robust Representation Learning with Feedback for Single Image Deraining  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12463.pdf)
>  A deraining network may be interpreted as a condition generator. Image degradation generated by the deraining network can be attributed to defective embedding features that serve as conditions. Existing image deraining methods usually ignore uncertainty-caused model errors that lower embedding quality and embed low-quality features into the model directly. In contrast, we replace low-quality features by latent high-quality features. The spirit of closed-loop feedback in the automatic control field is borrowed to obtain latent high-quality features. A new method for error detection and feature compensation is proposed to address model errors. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets as well as specific real datasets demonstrate the advantage of the proposed method over recent state-of-the-art methods.      
### 14.Newtonalized Orthogonal Matching Pursuit for Linear Frequency Modulated Pulse Frequency Agile Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12456.pdf)
>  The linear frequency modulated (LFM) frequency agile radar (FAR) can synthesize a wide signal bandwidth through coherent processing while keeping the bandwidth of each pulse narrow. In this way, high range resolution profiles (HRRP) can be obtained without increasing the hardware system cost. Furthermore, the agility provides improved both robustness to jamming and spectrum efficiency. Motivated by the Newtonalized orthogonal matching pursuit (NOMP) for line spectral estimation problem, the NOMP for the FAR radar termed as NOMP-FAR is designed to process each coarse range bin to extract the HRRP and velocities of multiple targets, including the guide for determining the oversampling factor and the stopping criterion. In addition, it is shown that the target will cause false alarm in the nearby coarse range bins, a postprocessing algorithm is then proposed to suppress the ghost targets. Numerical simulations are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of NOMP-FAR.      
### 15.Sparsity Based Autoencoders for Denoising Cluttered Radar Signatures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12445.pdf)
>  Narrowband and broadband indoor radar images significantly deteriorate in the presence of target dependent and independent static and dynamic clutter arising from walls. A stacked and sparse denoising autoencoder (StackedSDAE) is proposed for mitigating wall clutter in indoor radar images. The algorithm relies on the availability of clean images and corresponding noisy images during training and requires no additional information regarding the wall characteristics. The algorithm is evaluated on simulated Doppler-time spectrograms and high range resolution profiles generated for diverse radar frequencies and wall characteristics in around-the-corner radar (ACR) scenarios. Additional experiments are performed on range-enhanced frontal images generated from measurements gathered from a wideband RF imaging sensor. The results from the experiments show that the StackedSDAE successfully reconstructs images that closely resemble those that would be obtained in free space conditions. Further, the incorporation of sparsity and depth in the hidden layer representations within the autoencoder makes the algorithm more robust to low signal to noise ratio (SNR) and label mismatch between clean and corrupt data during training than the conventional single layer DAE. For example, the denoised ACR signatures show a structural similarity above 0.75 to clean free space images at SNR of -10dB and label mismatch error of 50%.      
### 16.Optimization of Radar Parameters for Maximum Detection Probability Under Generalized Discrete Clutter Conditions Using Stochastic Geometry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12429.pdf)
>  We propose an analytical framework based on stochastic geometry (SG) formulations to estimate a radar's detection performance under generalized discrete clutter conditions. We model the spatial distribution of discrete clutter scatterers as a homogeneous Poisson point process and the radar cross-section of each extended scatterer as a random variable of the Weibull distribution. Using this framework, we derive a metric called the radar detection coverage probability as a function of radar parameters such as transmitted power, system noise temperature and radar bandwidth; and clutter parameters such as clutter density and mean clutter cross-section. We derive the optimum radar bandwidth for maximizing this metric under noisy and cluttered conditions. We also derive the peak transmitted power beyond which there will be no discernible improvement in radar detection performance due to clutter limited conditions. When both transmitted power and bandwidth are fixed, we show how the detection threshold can be optimized for best performance. We experimentally validate the SG results with a hybrid of Monte Carlo and full wave electromagnetic solver based simulations using finite difference time domain (FDTD) techniques.      
### 17.Noncontact Respiratory Measurement for Multiple People at Arbitrary Locations Using Array Radar and Respiratory-Space Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12422.pdf)
>  In this study, we develop a noncontact measurement system for monitoring the respiration of multiple people using millimeter-wave ultrawideband array radar. To separate the radar echoes of multiple people, conventional techniques cluster the radar echoes in the time, frequency, or spatial domain. Focusing on the measurement of the respiratory signals of multiple people, we propose a method called respiratory-space clustering in which individual differences in the respiratory rate are effectively exploited to accurately resolve the echoes from human bodies. The proposed respiratory-space clustering can separate echoes, even when people are located close to each other. In addition, the proposed method can be applied when the number of targets is unknown and can accurately estimate the number of people and their positions. We perform measurements under two scenarios involving five and seven participants to verify the performance of the proposed method, and quantitatively evaluate the estimation accuracy of the number of people and the respiratory intervals. The experimental results show that the root-mean-square error in estimating the respiratory interval is 172 ms on an average. The proposed method improves the estimation accuracy of the number of people by 85.0% compared to the conventional method, demonstrating the high-precision measurement of the respiration of several people.      
### 18.Power Beacon Placement for Maximizing Guaranteed Coverage in Bistatic Backscatter Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12415.pdf)
>  The bistatic backscatter architecture enables flexible deployment opportunities for backscatter devices by extending communication range. In this paper, we study the placement of power beacons (PBs) in bistatic backscatter networks to maximize the guaranteed coverage distance (GCD), defined as the distance from the reader within which the backscatter devices are able to satisfy a given quality-of-service constraint. This work departs from conventional energy source placement problems by considering the performance of the additional backscatter link on top of the energy transfer link. We adopt and optimize a symmetric PB placement scheme to maximize the GCD. The optimal PB placement under this scheme is obtained using either analytically tractable expressions or an efficient algorithm. Numerical results provide useful insights into the impacts of various system parameters on the PB placement and the resulting GCD, plus the advantages of the adopted symmetric placement scheme over other benchmark schemes.      
### 19.The Orientation Estimation of Elongated Underground Objects via Multi-Polarization Aggregation and Selection Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12398.pdf)
>  The horizontal orientation angle and vertical inclination angle of an elongated subsurface object are key parameters for object identification and imaging in ground penetration radar (GPR) applications. Conventional methods can only extract the horizontal orientation angle or estimate both angles in narrow ranges due to limited polarimetric information and detection capability. To address these issues, this letter, for the first time, explores the possibility of leveraging neural networks with multi-polarimetric GPR data to estimate both angles of an elongated subsurface object in the entire spatial range. Based on the polarization-sensitive characteristic of an elongated object, we propose a multi-polarization aggregation and selection neural network (MASNet), which takes the multi-polarimetric radargrams as inputs, integrates their characteristics in the feature space, and selects discriminative features of reflected signal patterns for accurate orientation estimation. Numerical results show that our proposed MASNet achieves high estimation accuracy with an angle estimation error of less than 5°, which outperforms conventional methods by a large margin. The promising results obtained by the proposed method encourages one to think of new solutions for GPR related tasks by integrating multi-polarization information with deep learning techniques.      
### 20.Novel Non-Invasive In-house Fabricated Wearable System with a Hybrid Algorithm for Fetal Movement Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12374.pdf)
>  Fetal movement count monitoring is one of the most commonly used methods of assessing fetal well-being. While few methods are available to monitor fetal movements, they consist of several adverse qualities such as unreliability as well as the inability to be conducted in a non-clinical setting. Therefore, this research was conducted to design a complete system that will enable pregnant mothers to monitor fetal movement at home. This system consists of a non-invasive, non-transmitting sensor unit that can be fabricated at a low cost. An accelerometer was utilized as the primary sensor and a micro-controller based circuit was implemented. Clinical testing was conducted utilizing this sensor unit. Two phases of clinical testing procedures were done and readings from more than 120 pregnant mothers were taking. Validation was done by conducting an abdominal ultrasound scan which was utilized as the ground truth during the second phase of the clinical testing procedure. A clinical survey was also conducted in parallel with clinical testings in order to improve the sensor unit as well as to improve the final system. Four different signal processing algorithms were implemented on the data set and the performance of each was compared with each other. Consequently, the most feasible as well as the best performing algorithm was determined and it was utilized in the final system. Furthermore, a mobile application was also developed to be used with the sensor unit by pregnant mothers. Finally, a complete end to end method to monitor fetal movement in a non-clinical setting was presented by the proposed system.      
### 21.Deep Generative SToRM model for dynamic imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12366.pdf)
>  We introduce a novel generative smoothness regularization on manifolds (SToRM) model for the recovery of dynamic image data from highly undersampled measurements. The proposed generative framework represents the image time series as a smooth non-linear function of low-dimensional latent vectors that capture the cardiac and respiratory phases. The non-linear function is represented using a deep convolutional neural network (CNN). Unlike the popular CNN approaches that require extensive fully-sampled training data that is not available in this setting, the parameters of the CNN generator as well as the latent vectors are jointly estimated from the undersampled measurements using stochastic gradient descent. We penalize the norm of the gradient of the generator to encourage the learning of a smooth surface/manifold, while temporal gradients of the latent vectors are penalized to encourage the time series to be smooth. The main benefits of the proposed scheme are (a) the quite significant reduction in memory demand compared to the analysis based SToRM model, and (b) the spatial regularization brought in by the CNN model. We also introduce efficient progressive approaches to minimize the computational complexity of the algorithm.      
### 22.A Petri Dish for Histopathology Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12355.pdf)
>  With the rise of deep learning, there has been increased interest in using neural networks for histopathology image analysis, a field that investigates the properties of biopsy or resected specimens that are traditionally manually examined under a microscope by pathologists. In histopathology image analysis, however, challenges such as limited data, costly annotation, and processing high-resolution and variable-size images create a high barrier of entry and make it difficult to quickly iterate over model designs. <br>Throughout scientific history, many significant research directions have leveraged small-scale experimental setups as petri dishes to efficiently evaluate exploratory ideas, which are then validated in large-scale applications. For instance, the Drosophila fruit fly in genetics and MNIST in computer vision are well-known petri dishes. In this paper, we introduce a minimalist histopathology image analysis dataset (MHIST), an analogous petri dish for histopathology image analysis. MHIST is a binary classification dataset of 3,152 fixed-size images of colorectal polyps, each with a gold-standard label determined by the majority vote of seven board-certified gastrointestinal pathologists and annotator agreement level. MHIST occupies less than 400 MB of disk space, and a ResNet-18 baseline can be trained to convergence on MHIST in just 6 minutes using 3.5 GB of memory on a NVIDIA RTX 3090. As example use cases, we use MHIST to study natural questions such as how dataset size, network depth, transfer learning, and high-disagreement examples affect model performance. <br>By introducing MHIST, we hope to not only help facilitate the work of current histopathology imaging researchers, but also make histopathology image analysis more accessible to the general computer vision community. Our dataset is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bmirds.github.io/MHIST" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 23.Reliable COVID-19 Detection Using Chest X-ray Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12254.pdf)
>  Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) has emerged the need for computer-aided diagnosis with automatic, accurate, and fast algorithms. Recent studies have applied Machine Learning algorithms for COVID-19 diagnosis over chest X-ray (CXR) images. However, the data scarcity in these studies prevents a reliable evaluation with the potential of overfitting and limits the performance of deep networks. Moreover, these networks can discriminate COVID-19 pneumonia usually from healthy subjects only or occasionally, from limited pneumonia types. Thus, there is a need for a robust and accurate COVID-19 detector evaluated over a large CXR dataset. To address this need, in this study, we propose a reliable COVID-19 detection network: ReCovNet, which can discriminate COVID-19 pneumonia from 14 different thoracic diseases and healthy subjects. To accomplish this, we have compiled the largest COVID-19 CXR dataset: QaTa-COV19 with 124,616 images including 4603 COVID-19 samples. The proposed ReCovNet achieved a detection performance with 98.57% sensitivity and 99.77% specificity.      
### 24.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Enabled Vehicular Communication: Joint User Scheduling and Passive Beamforming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12247.pdf)
>  Given its ability to control and manipulate wireless environments, reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS), also known as intelligent reflecting surface (IRS), has emerged as a key enabler technology for the six-generation (6G) cellular networks. In the meantime, vehicular environment radio propagation is negatively influenced by a large set of objects that cause transmission distortion such as high buildings. Therefore, this work is devoted to explore the area of RIS technology integration with vehicular communications while considering the dynamic nature of such communication environment. Specifically, we provide a system model where RoadSide Unit (RSU) leverages RIS to provide indirect wireless transmissions to disconnected areas, known as dark zones. Dark zones are spots within RSU coverage where the communication links are blocked due to the existence of blockages. In details, a discrete RIS is utilized to provide communication links between the RSU and the vehicles passing through out-of-service zones. Therefore, the joint problem of RSU resource scheduling and RIS passive beamforming or phase-shift matrix is formulated as an optimization problem with the objective of maximizing the minimum average bit rate. The formulated problem is mixed integer non-convex program which is difficult to be solved and does not account for the uncertain dynamic environment in vehicular networks. Thereby, we resort to alternative methods based on Deep Reinforcement Learning to determine RSU wireless scheduling and Block Coordinate Descent (BCD) to solve for the phase-shift matrix, \textit{i.e.,} passive beamforming, of the RIS. The Markov Decision Process (MDP) is defined and the complexity of the solution approach is discussed. Our numerical results demonstrate the superiority of our proposed approach over baseline techniques.      
### 25.Federated Learning over Wireless Device-to-Device Networks: Algorithms and Convergence Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12704.pdf)
>  The proliferation of Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices and cloud-computing applications over siloed data centers is motivating renewed interest in the collaborative training of a shared model by multiple individual clients via federated learning (FL). To improve the communication efficiency of FL implementations in wireless systems, recent works have proposed compression and dimension reduction mechanisms, along with digital and analog transmission schemes that account for channel noise, fading, and interference. This prior art has mainly focused on star topologies consisting of distributed clients and a central server. In contrast, this paper studies FL over wireless device-to-device (D2D) networks by providing theoretical insights into the performance of digital and analog implementations of decentralized stochastic gradient descent (DSGD). First, we introduce generic digital and analog wireless implementations of communication-efficient DSGD algorithms, leveraging random linear coding (RLC) for compression and over-the-air computation (AirComp) for simultaneous analog transmissions. Next, under the assumptions of convexity and connectivity, we provide convergence bounds for both implementations. The results demonstrate the dependence of the optimality gap on the connectivity and on the signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) levels in the network. The analysis is corroborated by experiments on an image-classification task.      
### 26.DOA Estimation for Transmit Beamspace MIMO Radar via Tensor Decomposition with Vandermonde Factor Matrix  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12666.pdf)
>  We address the problem of tensor decomposition in application to direction-of-arrival (DOA) estimation for transmit beamspace (TB) multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) radar. A general 4-order tensor model that enables computationally efficient DOA estimation is designed. Whereas other tensor decomposition-based methods treat all factor matrices as arbitrary, the essence of the proposed DOA estimation method is to fully exploit the Vandermonde structure of the factor matrices to take advantage of the shift-invariance between and within different subarrays. Specifically, the received signal of TB MIMO radar is expressed as a 4-order tensor. Depending on the target Doppler shifts, the constructed tensor is reshaped into two distinct 3-order tensors. A computationally efficient tensor decomposition method is proposed to decompose the Vandermonde factor matrices. The generators of the Vandermonde factor matrices are computed to estimate the phase rotations between subarrays, which can be utilized as a look-up table for finding target DOA. It is further shown that our proposed method can be used in a more general scenario where the subarray structures can be arbitrary but identical. The proposed DOA estimation method requires no prior information about the tensor rank and is guaranteed to achieve precise decomposition result. Simulation results illustrate the performance improvement of the proposed DOA estimation method as compared to conventional DOA estimation techniques for TB MIMO Radar.      
### 27.EphemeriShield -- defence against cyber-antisatellite weapons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12620.pdf)
>  Satellites, are both crucial and, despite common misbelieve, very fragile parts our civilian and military critical infrastructure. While, many efforts are focused on securing ground and space segments, especially when national security or large businesses interests are affected, the small-sat, newspace revolution democratizes access to, and exploitation of the near earth orbits. This brings new players to the market, typically in the form of small to medium sized companies, offering new or more affordable services. Despite the necessity and inevitability of this process, it also opens potential new venues for targeted attacks against space-related infrastructure. Since sources of satellite ephemerides are very often centralized, they are subject to classical Man-in-the-Middle attacks which open venues for TLE spoofing attack, which may result in unnecessary collision avoidance maneuvers, in best case and orchestrated crashes, in worst case. In this work, we propose a countermeasure to the presented problem that include distributed solution, which will have no central authority responsible for storing and disseminating TLE information. Instead, each of the peers participating to the system, have full access to all of the records stored in the system, and distribute the data in a consensual manner,ensuring information replication at each peer node. This way, single point of failure syndromes of classic systems, which currently exist due to the direct ephemerids distribution mechanism, are removed. Our proposed solution is to build data dissemination systems using permissioned, private ledgers where peers have strong and verifiable identities, which allow also for redundancy in SST data sourcing.      
### 28.Learning-based vs Model-free Adaptive Control of a MAV under Wind Gust  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12501.pdf)
>  Navigation problems under unknown varying conditions are among the most important and well-studied problems in the control field. Classic model-based adaptive control methods can be applied only when a convenient model of the plant or environment is provided. Recent model-free adaptive control methods aim at removing this dependency by learning the physical characteristics of the plant and/or process directly from sensor feedback. Although there have been prior attempts at improving these techniques, it remains an open question as to whether it is possible to cope with real-world uncertainties in a control system that is fully based on either paradigm. We propose a conceptually simple learning-based approach composed of a full state feedback controller, tuned robustly by a deep reinforcement learning framework based on the Soft Actor-Critic algorithm. We compare it, in realistic simulations, to a model-free controller that uses the same deep reinforcement learning framework for the control of a micro aerial vehicle under wind gust. The results indicate the great potential of learning-based adaptive control methods in modern dynamical systems.      
### 29.Neural networks for semantic segmentation of historical city maps: Cross-cultural performance and the impact of figurative diversity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12478.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a new semantic segmentation model for historical city maps that surpasses the state of the art in terms of flexibility and performance. Research in automatic map processing is largely focused on homogeneous corpora or even individual maps, leading to inflexible algorithms. Recently, convolutional neural networks have opened new perspectives for the development of more generic tools. Based on two new maps corpora, the first one centered on Paris and the second one gathering cities from all over the world, we propose a method for operationalizing the figuration based on traditional computer vision algorithms that allows large-scale quantitative analysis. In a second step, we propose a semantic segmentation model based on neural networks and implement several improvements. Finally, we analyze the impact of map figuration on segmentation performance and evaluate future ways to improve the representational flexibility of neural networks. To conclude, we show that these networks are able to semantically segment map data of a very large figurative diversity with efficiency.      
### 30.Multi-Threshold Attention U-Net (MTAU) based Model for Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation in MRI scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.12404.pdf)
>  Gliomas are one of the most frequent brain tumors and are classified into high grade and low grade gliomas. The segmentation of various regions such as tumor core, enhancing tumor etc. plays an important role in determining severity and prognosis. Here, we have developed a multi-threshold model based on attention U-Net for identification of various regions of the tumor in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). We propose a multi-path segmentation and built three separate models for the different regions of interest. The proposed model achieved mean Dice Coefficient of 0.59, 0.72, and 0.61 for enhancing tumor, whole tumor and tumor core respectively on the training dataset. The same model gave mean Dice Coefficient of 0.57, 0.73, and 0.61 on the validation dataset and 0.59, 0.72, and 0.57 on the test dataset.      
