# ArXiv eess --Tue, 16 Feb 2021
### 1.How Convolutional Neural Networks Deal with Aliasing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07757.pdf)
>  The convolutional neural network (CNN) remains an essential tool in solving computer vision problems. Standard convolutional architectures consist of stacked layers of operations that progressively downscale the image. Aliasing is a well-known side-effect of downsampling that may take place: it causes high-frequency components of the original signal to become indistinguishable from its low-frequency components. While downsampling takes place in the max-pooling layers or in the strided-convolutions in these models, there is no explicit mechanism that prevents aliasing from taking place in these layers. Due to the impressive performance of these models, it is natural to suspect that they, somehow, implicitly deal with this distortion. The question we aim to answer in this paper is simply: "how and to what extent do CNNs counteract aliasing?" We explore the question by means of two examples: In the first, we assess the CNNs capability of distinguishing oscillations at the input, showing that the redundancies in the intermediate channels play an important role in succeeding at the task; In the second, we show that an image classifier CNN while, in principle, capable of implementing anti-aliasing filters, does not prevent aliasing from taking place in the intermediate layers.      
### 2.High contrast Ultrafast 3D Ultrasound Imaging using Row Column specific Frame Multiply and Sum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07746.pdf)
>  Row-column arrays have shown to be able to generate 3-D ultrafast ultrasound images with an order of magnitude less independent electronic channels than classic 2D matrix arrays. Unfortunately row-column array images suffer from major imaging artefacts due to the high side lobes. This paper proposes a row-column specific beamforming technique that exploits the incoherent nature of certain row column array artefacts. The geometric mean of the data from each row and column pair is taken prior to summation in beamforming, thus drastically reducing incoherent imaging artefacts compared to traditional coherent compounding. The effectiveness of this technique was demonstrated in silico, and the results show an average fivefold reduction in side-lobe levels. Significantly improved contrast was demonstrated with Tissue-to-noise ratio increasing from $\sim$10dB to $\sim$30dB and Tissue Contrast Ratio increasing from $\sim$21dB to $\sim$42dB when using the proposed new method compared to Delay and Sum. These new techniques allowed for high quality 3D imaging whilst maintaining high frame rate potential.      
### 3.Scan-Specific MRI Reconstruction using Zero-Shot Physics-Guided Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07737.pdf)
>  Physics-guided deep learning (PG-DL) has emerged as a powerful tool for accelerated MRI reconstruction, while often necessitating a database of fully-sampled measurements for training. Recent self-supervised and unsupervised learning approaches enable training without fully-sampled data. However, a database of undersampled measurements may not be available in many scenarios, especially for scans involving contrast or recently developed sequences, necessitating new methodology for scan-specific PG-DL reconstructions. A main challenge for developing scan-specific PG-DL methods is the large number of parameters, making it prone to over-fitting. Moreover, database-trained models may not generalize to unseen measurements that differ in terms of SNR, image contrast or sampling pattern. In this work, we propose a zero-shot self-supervised learning approach to perform scan-specific PG-DL reconstruction to tackle these issues. The proposed approach splits available measurements for each scan into three disjoint sets. Two of these sets are used to enforce data consistency and define loss during training, while the last set is used to establish an early stopping criterion. In the presence of models pre-trained on a database, we show that the proposed approach can be adapted as scan-specific fine-tuning via transfer learning to further improve reconstruction quality.      
### 4.Detection and severity classification of COVID-19 in CT images using deep learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07726.pdf)
>  Since the breakout of coronavirus disease (COVID-19), the computer-aided diagnosis has become a necessity to prevent the spread of the virus. Detecting COVID-19 at an early stage is essential to reduce the mortality risk of the patients. In this study, a cascaded system is proposed to segment the lung, detect, localize, and quantify COVID-19 infections from computed tomography (CT) images Furthermore, the system classifies the severity of COVID-19 as mild, moderate, severe, or critical based on the percentage of infected lungs. An extensive set of experiments were performed using state-of-the-art deep Encoder-Decoder Convolutional Neural Networks (ED-CNNs), UNet, and Feature Pyramid Network (FPN), with different backbone (encoder) structures using the variants of DenseNet and ResNet. The conducted experiments showed the best performance for lung region segmentation with Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 97.19% and Intersection over Union (IoU) of 95.10% using U-Net model with the DenseNet 161 encoder. Furthermore, the proposed system achieved an elegant performance for COVID-19 infection segmentation with a DSC of 94.13% and IoU of 91.85% using the FPN model with the DenseNet201 encoder. The achieved performance is significantly superior to previous methods for COVID-19 lesion localization. Besides, the proposed system can reliably localize infection of various shapes and sizes, especially small infection regions, which are rarely considered in recent studies. Moreover, the proposed system achieved high COVID-19 detection performance with 99.64% sensitivity and 98.72% specificity. Finally, the system was able to discriminate between different severity levels of COVID-19 infection over a dataset of 1,110 subjects with sensitivity values of 98.3%, 71.2%, 77.8%, and 100% for mild, moderate, severe, and critical infections, respectively.      
### 5.Impact of EV Charging Stations in Power Grids in Italy and its Mitigation Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07632.pdf)
>  Global warming leads the world to think of a different way of transportation: avoiding internal combustion engines and electrifying the transportation sector. With a high penetration of electric vehicle (EV) charging stations on an existing power distribution network, the impact may be consistent. The loads of the fast-charging stations would potentially result in increased peak load demand, reduced reserve margins, voltage instability, and reliability problems. The degrading performance of the power system due to the negative impact of the EV charging stations can even lead to penalties to be paid by the distribution system operator (DSO). This paper: i) investigates the impact of the \ac{ev} charging station on the distribution network for what concerns voltage drop on MV feeders and loading of transformers in primary substations, and ii) proposes a mitigation mechanism. A realistic typical Italian grid has been used to assess the impact of EV charging stations and to validate the mitigation mechanism.      
### 6.Colored Kimia Path24 Dataset: Configurations and Benchmarks with Deep Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07611.pdf)
>  The Kimia Path24 dataset has been introduced as a classification and retrieval dataset for digital pathology. Although it provides multi-class data, the color information has been neglected in the process of extracting patches. The staining information plays a major role in the recognition of tissue patterns. To address this drawback, we introduce the color version of Kimia Path24 by recreating sample patches from all 24 scans to propose Kimia Path24C. We run extensive experiments to determine the best configuration for selected patches. To provide preliminary results for setting a benchmark for the new dataset, we utilize VGG16, InceptionV3 and DenseNet-121 model as feature extractors. Then, we use these feature vectors to retrieve test patches. The accuracy of image retrieval using DenseNet was 95.92% while the highest accuracy using InceptionV3 and VGG16 reached 92.45% and 92%, respectively. We also experimented with "deep barcodes" and established that with a small loss in accuracy (e.g., 93.43% for binarized features for DenseNet instead of 95.92% when the features themselves are used), the search operations can be significantly accelerated.      
### 7.Transmitter Selection for Secrecy in a Frequency Selective Fading Channel with Unreliable Backhaul  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07582.pdf)
>  In this paper, a communication network using single carrier with cyclic prefix modulation over frequency selective channels is considered, where an access point provides connectivity to a legitimate destination through multiple transmitters with unreliable backhaul links in the presence of an eavesdropper. A sub-optimal and an optimal transmitter selection scheme are proposed to improve the secrecy of the system, depending on whether the active backhaul channel knowledge is available a priori or not. The secrecy outage probability (SOP) and its asymptotic limit are presented in closed-form. This provides some insights regarding how knowledge of the active backhaul links affects the secrecy performance of the network. Our results show that the optimal transmitter selection scheme obtains a larger benefit than the sub-optimal scheme from the knowledge of the active backhaul links, resulting in a significantly improved system performance; however, the sub-optimal transmitter selection scheme can reduce the complexity and feedback overhead.      
### 8.A Low-Order Dynamic Model of Counterflow Heat Exchangers for the Purpose of Monitoring Transient and Steady-State Operating Phases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07522.pdf)
>  We present a model-based real-time method to monitor a counterflow heat exchanger's thermal performance for all operating conditions. A first principle reference model that describes the reference counterflow process in an accurate manner is derived first. Real gas behavior is taken into account. Without simplifications, the respective equations must be solved in an iterative, computationally expensive manner, which prohibits their use for real-time monitoring purposes. Therefore, we propose one-step-solvable model equations, resulting in an approximate but quick model, which is able to track an important thermal property reliably. The monitoring, i.e., the online estimation of the thermal properties, is achieved via a nonlinear Kalman-Filter. Due to the low-order dynamic model formulation, the overall monitoring scheme is accompanied by an acceptable computational burden. Moreover, it is easy to deploy and to adapt in industrial practice. Monitoring results, where the reference model replaces a real process with supercritical carbon dioxide, are given and discussed herein.      
### 9.Small-Signal Stability Analysis of a DC Shipboard Microgrid With Droop-Controlled Batteries and Constant Power Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07506.pdf)
>  The presence of constant power loads (CPLs) in dc shipboard microgrids may lead to unstable conditions. The present work investigates the stability properties of dc microgrids where CPLs are fed by fuel cells (FCs), and energy storage systems (ESSs) equipped with voltage droop control. With respect to the previous literature, the dynamics of the duty cycles of the dc-dc converters implementing the droop regulation are considered. A mathematical model has been derived, and tuned to best mimic the behavior of the electrical representation implemented in DIgSILENT. Then the model is used to find the sufficient conditions for stability with respect to the droop coefficient, the dc-bus capacitor, and the inductances of the dc-dc converters.      
### 10.Federated Dropout Learning for Hybrid Beamforming With Spatial Path Index Modulation In Multi-User mmWave-MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07450.pdf)
>  Millimeter wave multiple-input multiple-output (mmWave-MIMO) systems with small number of radio-frequency (RF) chains have limited multiplexing gain. Spatial path index modulation (SPIM) is helpful in improving this gain by utilizing additional signal bits modulated by the indices of spatial paths. In this paper, we introduce model-based and model-free frameworks for beamformer design in multi-user SPIM-MIMO systems. We first design the beamformers via model-based manifold optimization algorithm. Then, we leverage federated learning (FL) with dropout learning (DL) to train a learning model on the local dataset of users, who estimate the beamformers by feeding the model with their channel data. The DL randomly selects different set of model parameters during training, thereby further reducing the transmission overhead compared to conventional FL. Numerical experiments show that the proposed framework exhibits higher spectral efficiency than the state-of-the-art SPIM-MIMO methods and mmWave-MIMO, which relies on the strongest propagation path. Furthermore, the proposed FL approach provides at least 10 times lower transmission overhead than the centralized learning techniques.      
### 11.On training targets for noise-robust voice activity detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07445.pdf)
>  The task of voice activity detection (VAD) is an often required module in various speech processing, analysis and classification tasks. While state-of-the-art neural network based VADs can achieve great results, they often exceed computational budgets and real-time operating requirements. In this work, we propose a computationally efficient real-time VAD network that achieves state-of-the-art results on several public real recording datasets. We investigate different training targets for the VAD and show that using the segmental voice-to-noise ratio (VNR) is a better and more noise-robust training target than the clean speech level based VAD. We also show that multi-target training improves the performance further.      
### 12.Online Joint State Inference and Learning of Partially Unknown State-Space Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07418.pdf)
>  A computationally efficient method for online joint state inference and dynamical model learning is presented. The dynamical model combines an a priori known state-space model with a radial basis function expansion representing unknown system dynamics. Thus, the model is inherently adaptive and can learn unknown and changing system dynamics on-the-fly. Still, by including prior knowledge in the model description, a minimum of estimation performance can be guaranteed already from the start, which is of utmost importance in, e.g., safety-critical applications. The method uses an extended Kalman filter approach to jointly estimate the state of the system and learn the system properties, via the parameters of the basis function expansion. By using compact radial basis functions and an approximate Kalman gain, the computational complexity is considerably reduced compared to similar approaches. The approximation works well when the system dynamics exhibit limited correlation between points well separated in the state-space domain. The method is exemplified via two intelligent vehicle applications where it is shown to: (i) have essentially identical system dynamics estimation performance compared to similar non-real-time algorithms, and (ii) be real-time applicable to large-scale problems.      
### 13.Aperiodic Communication for MPC in Autonomous Cooperative Landing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07403.pdf)
>  In this paper, we focus on the rendezvous problem for the autonomous cooperative landing of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) on an unmanned surface vehicle (USV). These heterogeneous agents with nonlinear dynamics are dynamically decoupled but share a common cooperative rendezvous task. The underlying control scheme is based on the Distributed Model Predictive Control (MPC). One of our main contributions is a rendezvous algorithm with an online update rule of the rendezvous location. The algorithm requires that agents update the rendezvous location only when they are not guaranteed to reach it. Therefore, the exchange of information occurs aperiodically and proposed algorithm improves the communication efficiency. Furthermore, we prove the recursive feasibility of the algorithm. The simulation results show the effectiveness of our algorithm applied to the problem of autonomous cooperative landing.      
### 14.Model-bounded monitoring of hybrid systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07401.pdf)
>  Monitoring of hybrid systems attracts both scientific and practical attention. However, monitoring algorithms suffer from the methodological difficulty of only observing sampled discrete-time signals, while real behaviors are continuous-time signals. To mitigate this problem of sampling uncertainties, we introduce a model-bounded monitoring scheme, where we use prior knowledge about the target system to prune interpolation candidates. Technically, we express such prior knowledge by linear hybrid automata (LHAs) - the LHAs are called bounding models. We introduce a novel notion of monitored language of LHAs, and we reduce the monitoring problem to the membership problem of the monitored language. We present two partial algorithms - one is via reduction to reachability in LHAs and the other is a direct one using polyhedra - and show that these methods, and thus the proposed model-bounded monitoring scheme, are efficient and practically relevant.      
### 15.Representation Learning For Speech Recognition Using Feedback Based Relevance Weighting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07390.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose an acoustic embedding based approach for representation learning in speech recognition. The proposed approach involves two stages comprising of acoustic filterbank learning from raw waveform, followed by modulation filterbank learning. In each stage, a relevance weighting operation is employed that acts as a feature selection module. In particular, the relevance weighting network receives embeddings of the model outputs from the previous time instants as feedback. The proposed relevance weighting scheme allows the respective feature representations to be adaptively selected before propagation to the higher layers. The application of the proposed approach for the task of speech recognition on Aurora-4 and CHiME-3 datasets gives significant performance improvements over baseline systems on raw waveform signal as well as those based on mel representations (average relative improvement of 15% over the mel baseline on Aurora-4 dataset and 7% on CHiME-3 dataset).      
### 16.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Aided Mobile Edge Computing: From Optimization-Based to Location-Only Learning-Based Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07384.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore optimization-based and data-driven solutions in a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided multi-user mobile edge computing (MEC) system, where the user equipment (UEs) can partially offload their computation tasks to the access point (AP). We aim at maximizing the total completed task-input bits (TCTB) of all UEs with limited energy budgets during a given time slot, through jointly optimizing the RIS reflecting coefficients, the AP's receive beamforming vectors, and the UEs' energy partition strategies for local computing and offloading. A three-step block coordinate descending (BCD) algorithm is first proposed to effectively solve the non-convex TCTB maximization problem with guaranteed convergence. In order to reduce the computational complexity and facilitate lightweight online implementation of the optimization algorithm, we further construct two deep learning architectures. The first one takes channel state information (CSI) as input, while the second one exploits the UEs' locations only for online inference. The two data-driven approaches are trained using data samples generated by the BCD algorithm via supervised learning. Our simulation results reveal a close match between the performance of the optimization-based BCD algorithm and the low-complexity learning-based architectures, all with superior performance to existing schemes in both cases with perfect and imperfect input features. Importantly, the location-only deep learning method is shown to offer a particularly practical and robust solution alleviating the need for CSI estimation and feedback when line-of-sight (LoS) direct links exist between UEs and the AP.      
### 17.A Decentralized Multi-UAV Spatio-Temporal Multi-Task Allocation Approach for Perimeter Defense  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07381.pdf)
>  This paper provides a new solution approach to a multi-player perimeter defense game, in which the intruders' team tries to enter the territory, and a team of defenders protects the territory by capturing intruders on the perimeter of the territory. The objective of the defenders is to detect and capture the intruders before the intruders enter the territory. Each defender independently senses the intruder and computes his trajectory to capture the assigned intruders in a cooperative fashion. The intruder is estimated to reach a specific location on the perimeter at a specific time. Each intruder is viewed as a spatio-temporal task, and the defenders are assigned to execute these spatio-temporal tasks. At any given time, the perimeter defense problem is converted into a Decentralized Multi-UAV Spatio-Temporal Multi-Task Allocation (DMUST-MTA) problem. The cost of executing a task for a trajectory is defined by a composite cost function of both the spatial and temporal components. In this paper, a decentralized consensus-based bundle algorithm has been modified to solve the spatio-temporal multi-task allocation problem, and the performance evaluation of the proposed approach is carried out based on Monte-Carlo simulations. The simulation results show the effectiveness of the proposed approach to solve the perimeter defense game under different scenarios. Performance comparison with a state-of-the-art centralized approach with full observability, clearly indicates that DMUST-MTA achieves similar performance in a decentralized way with partial observability conditions with a lesser computational time and easy scaling up.      
### 18.Machine Learning on Camera Images for Fast mmWave Beamforming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07337.pdf)
>  Perfect alignment in chosen beam sectors at both transmit- and receive-nodes is required for beamforming in mmWave bands. Current 802.11ad WiFi and emerging 5G cellular standards spend up to several milliseconds exploring different sector combinations to identify the beam pair with the highest SNR. In this paper, we propose a machine learning (ML) approach with two sequential convolutional neural networks (CNN) that uses out-of-band information, in the form of camera images, to (i) rapidly identify the locations of the transmitter and receiver nodes, and then (ii) return the optimal beam pair. We experimentally validate this intriguing concept for indoor settings using the NI 60GHz mmwave transceiver. Our results reveal that our ML approach reduces beamforming related exploration time by 93% under different ambient lighting conditions, with an error of less than 1% compared to the time-intensive deterministic method defined by the current standards.      
### 19.A Modulation-Domain Loss for Neural-Network-based Real-time Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07330.pdf)
>  We describe a modulation-domain loss function for deep-learning-based speech enhancement systems. Learnable spectro-temporal receptive fields (STRFs) were adapted to optimize for a speaker identification task. The learned STRFs were then used to calculate a weighted mean-squared error (MSE) in the modulation domain for training a speech enhancement system. Experiments showed that adding the modulation-domain MSE to the MSE in the spectro-temporal domain substantially improved the objective prediction of speech quality and intelligibility for real-time speech enhancement systems without incurring additional computation during inference.      
### 20.Attention-gated convolutional neural networks for off-resonance correction of spiral real-time MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07271.pdf)
>  Spiral acquisitions are preferred in real-time MRI because of their efficiency, which has made it possible to capture vocal tract dynamics during natural speech. A fundamental limitation of spirals is blurring and signal loss due to off-resonance, which degrades image quality at air-tissue boundaries. Here, we present a new CNN-based off-resonance correction method that incorporates an attention-gate mechanism. This leverages spatial and channel relationships of filtered outputs and improves the expressiveness of the networks. We demonstrate improved performance with the attention-gate, on 1.5 Tesla spiral speech RT-MRI, compared to existing off-resonance correction methods.      
### 21.Estimating Nonplanar Flow from 2D Motion-blurred Widefield Microscopy Images via Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07228.pdf)
>  Optical flow is a method aimed at predicting the movement velocity of any pixel in the image and is used in medicine and biology to estimate flow of particles in organs or organelles. However, a precise optical flow measurement requires images taken at high speed and low exposure time, which induces phototoxicity due to the increase in illumination power. We are looking here to estimate the three-dimensional movement vector field of moving out-of-plane particles using normal light conditions and a standard microscope camera. <br>We present a method to predict, from a single textured wide-field microscopy image, the movement of out-of-plane particles using the local characteristics of the motion blur. We estimated the velocity vector field from the local estimation of the blur model parameters using an deep neural network and achieved a prediction with a regression coefficient of 0.92 between the ground truth simulated vector field and the output of the network. This method could enable microscopists to gain insights about the dynamic properties of samples without the need for high-speed cameras or high-intensity light exposure.      
### 22.An Efficient Forecasting Approach to Reduce Boundary Effects in Real-Time Time-Frequency Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07226.pdf)
>  Time-frequency (TF) representations of time series are intrinsically subject to the boundary effects. As a result, the structures of signals that are highlighted by the representations are garbled when approaching the boundaries of the TF domain. In this paper, for the purpose of real-time TF information acquisition of nonstationary oscillatory time series, we propose a numerically efficient approach for the reduction of such boundary effects. The solution relies on an extension of the analyzed signal obtained by a forecasting technique. In the case of the study of a class of locally oscillating signals, we provide a theoretical guarantee of the performance of our approach. Following a numerical verification of the algorithmic performance of our approach, we validate it by implementing it on biomedical signals.      
### 23.Multi-Texture GAN: Exploring the Multi-Scale Texture Translation for Brain MR Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07225.pdf)
>  Inter-scanner and inter-protocol discrepancy in MRI datasets are known to lead to significant quantification variability. Hence image-to-image or scanner-to-scanner translation is a crucial frontier in the area of medical image analysis with a lot of potential applications. Nonetheless, a significant percentage of existing algorithms cannot explicitly exploit and preserve texture details from target scanners and offers individual solutions towards specialized task-specific architectures. In this paper, we design a multi-scale texture transfer to enrich the reconstruction images with more details. Specifically, after calculating textural similarity, the multi-scale texture can adaptively transfer the texture information from target images or reference images to restored images. Different from the pixel-wise matching space as done by previous algorithms, we match texture features in a multi-scale scheme implemented in the neural space. The matching mechanism can exploit multi-scale neural transfer that encourages the model to grasp more semantic-related and lesion-related priors from the target or reference images. We evaluate our multi-scale texture GAN on three different tasks without any task-specific modifications: cross-protocol super-resolution of diffusion MRI, T1-Flair, and Flair-T2 modality translation. Our multi-texture GAN rehabilitates more high-resolution structures (i.e., edges and anatomy), texture (i.e., contrast and pixel intensities), and lesion information (i.e., tumor). The extensively quantitative and qualitative experiments demonstrate that our method achieves superior results in inter-protocol or inter-scanner translation over state-of-the-art methods.      
### 24.Data-Driven Retrospective Cost Adaptive Control for Flight Control Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07191.pdf)
>  Unlike fixed-gain robust control, which trades off performance with modeling uncertainty, direct adaptive control uses partial modeling information for online tuning. The present paper combines retrospective cost adaptive control (RCAC), a direct adaptive control technique for sampled-data systems, with online system identification based on recursive least squares (RLS) with variable-rate forgetting (VRF). The combination of RCAC and RLS-VRF constitutes data-driven RCAC (DDRCAC), where the online system identification is used to construct the target model, which defines the retrospective performance variable. This paper investigates the ability of RLS-VRF to provide the modeling information needed for the target model, especially nonminimum-phase (NMP) zeros. DDRCAC is applied to single-input, single-output (SISO) and multiple-input, multiple-output (MIMO) numerical examples with unknown NMP zeros, as well as several flight control problems, namely, unknown transition from minimum-phase to NMP lateral dynamics, flexible modes, flutter, and nonlinear planar missile dynamics.      
### 25.Light Field Reconstruction via Attention-Guided Deep Fusion of Hybrid Lenses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07085.pdf)
>  This paper explores the problem of reconstructing high-resolution light field (LF) images from hybrid lenses, including a high-resolution camera surrounded by multiple low-resolution cameras. The performance of existing methods is still limited, as they produce either blurry results on plain textured areas or distortions around depth discontinuous boundaries. To tackle this challenge, we propose a novel end-to-end learning-based approach, which can comprehensively utilize the specific characteristics of the input from two complementary and parallel perspectives. Specifically, one module regresses a spatially consistent intermediate estimation by learning a deep multidimensional and cross-domain feature representation, while the other module warps another intermediate estimation, which maintains the high-frequency textures, by propagating the information of the high-resolution view. We finally leverage the advantages of the two intermediate estimations adaptively via the learned attention maps, leading to the final high-resolution LF image with satisfactory results on both plain textured areas and depth discontinuous boundaries. Besides, to promote the effectiveness of our method trained with simulated hybrid data on real hybrid data captured by a hybrid LF imaging system, we carefully design the network architecture and the training strategy. Extensive experiments on both real and simulated hybrid data demonstrate the significant superiority of our approach over state-of-the-art ones. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first end-to-end deep learning method for LF reconstruction from a real hybrid input. We believe our framework could potentially decrease the cost of high-resolution LF data acquisition and benefit LF data storage and transmission.      
### 26.Inverted Vocal Tract Variables and Facial Action Units to Quantify Neuromotor Coordination in Schizophrenia  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07054.pdf)
>  This study investigates the speech articulatory coordination in schizophrenia subjects exhibiting strong positive symptoms (e.g.hallucinations and delusions), using a time delay embedded correlation analysis. We show that the schizophrenia subjects with strong positive symptoms and who are markedly ill pose complex coordination patterns in facial and speech gestures than what is observed in healthy subjects. This observation is in contrast to what previous studies have shown in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), where subjects with MDD show a simpler coordination pattern with respect to healthy controls or subjects in remission. This difference is not surprising given MDD is necessarily accompanied by Psychomotor slowing (i.e.,negative symptoms) which affects speech, ideation and motility. With respect to speech, psychomotor slowing results in slowed speech with more and longer pauses than what occurs in speech from the same speaker when they are in remission and from a healthy subject. Time delay embedded correlation analysis has been used to quantify the differences in coordination patterns of speech articulation. The current study is based on 17 Facial Action Units (FAUs) extracted from video data and 6 Vocal Tract Variables (TVs) obtained from simultaneously recorded audio data. The TVs are extracted using a speech inversion system based on articulatory phonology that maps the acoustic signal to vocal tract variables. The high-level time delay embedded correlation features computed from TVs and FAUs are used to train a stacking ensemble classifier fusing audio and video modalities. The results show that there is a promising distinction between healthy and schizophrenia subjects (with strong positive symptoms) in terms of neuromotor coordination in speech.      
### 27.Adversarial defense for automatic speaker verification by cascaded self-supervised learning models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07047.pdf)
>  Automatic speaker verification (ASV) is one of the core technologies in biometric identification. With the ubiquitous usage of ASV systems in safety-critical applications, more and more malicious attackers attempt to launch adversarial attacks at ASV systems. In the midst of the arms race between attack and defense in ASV, how to effectively improve the robustness of ASV against adversarial attacks remains an open question. We note that the self-supervised learning models possess the ability to mitigate superficial perturbations in the input after pretraining. Hence, with the goal of effective defense in ASV against adversarial attacks, we propose a standard and attack-agnostic method based on cascaded self-supervised learning models to purify the adversarial perturbations. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed method achieves effective defense performance and can successfully counter adversarial attacks in scenarios where attackers may either be aware or unaware of the self-supervised learning models.      
### 28.Adaptive Optimization of Autonomous Vehicle Computational Resources for Performance and Energy Improvement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07000.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles usually consume a large amount of computational power for their operations, especially for the tasks of sensing and perception with artificial intelligence algorithms. Such a computation may not only cost a significant amount of energy but also cause performance issues when the computational resources are limited. To address this issue, this paper proposes an adaptive optimization method to online allocate the onboard computational resources of an autonomous vehicle amongst multiple vehicular subsystems depending on the contexts of the situations that the vehicle is facing. Different autonomous driving scenarios were designed to validate the proposed approach and the results showed that it could help improve the overall performance and energy consumption of autonomous vehicles compared to existing computational arrangement.      
### 29.Learning from Natural Noise to Denoise Micro-Doppler Spectrogram  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06887.pdf)
>  Micro-Doppler analysis has become increasingly popular in recent years owning to the ability of the technique to enhance classification strategies. Applications include recognising everyday human activities, distinguishing drone from birds, and identifying different types of vehicles. However, noisy time-frequency spectrograms can significantly affect the performance of the classifier and must be tackled using appropriate denoising algorithms. In recent years, deep learning algorithms have spawned many deep neural network-based denoising algorithms. For these methods, noise modelling is the most important part and is used to assist in training. In this paper, we decompose the problem and propose a novel denoising scheme: first, a Generative Adversarial Network (GAN) is used to learn the noise distribution and correlation from the real-world environment; then, a simulator is used to generate clean Micro-Doppler spectrograms; finally, the generated noise and clean simulation data are combined as the training data to train a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) denoiser. In experiments, we qualitatively and quantitatively analyzed this procedure on both simulation and measurement data. Besides, the idea of learning from natural noise can be applied well to other existing frameworks and demonstrate greater performance than other noise models.      
### 30.Fusion of convolution neural network, support vector machine and Sobel filter for accurate detection of COVID-19 patients using X-ray images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06883.pdf)
>  The coronavirus (COVID-19) is currently the most common contagious disease which is prevalent all over the world. The main challenge of this disease is the primary diagnosis to prevent secondary infections and its spread from one person to another. Therefore, it is essential to use an automatic diagnosis system along with clinical procedures for the rapid diagnosis of COVID-19 to prevent its spread. Artificial intelligence techniques using computed tomography (CT) images of the lungs and chest radiography have the potential to obtain high diagnostic performance for Covid-19 diagnosis. In this study, a fusion of convolutional neural network (CNN), support vector machine (SVM), and Sobel filter is proposed to detect COVID-19 using X-ray images. A new X-ray image dataset was collected and subjected to high pass filter using a Sobel filter to obtain the edges of the images. Then these images are fed to CNN deep learning model followed by SVM classifier with ten-fold cross validation strategy. This method is designed so that it can learn with not many data. Our results show that the proposed CNN-SVM with Sobel filtering (CNN-SVM+Sobel) achieved the highest classification accuracy of 99.02% in accurate detection of COVID-19. It showed that using Sobel filter can improve the performance of CNN. Unlike most of the other researches, this method does not use a pre-trained network. We have also validated our developed model using six public databases and obtained the highest performance. Hence, our developed model is ready for clinical application      
### 31.General Total Variation Regularized Sparse Bayesian Learning for Robust Block-Sparse Signal Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06845.pdf)
>  Block-sparse signal recovery without knowledge of block sizes and boundaries, such as those encountered in multi-antenna mmWave channel models, is a hard problem for compressed sensing (CS) algorithms. We propose a novel Sparse Bayesian Learning (SBL) method for block-sparse recovery based on popular CS based regularizers with the function input variable related to total variation (TV). Contrary to conventional approaches that impose the regularization on the signal components, we regularize the SBL hyperparameters. This iterative TV-regularized SBL algorithm employs a majorization-minimization approach and reduces each iteration to a convex optimization problem, enabling a flexible choice of numerical solvers. The numerical results illustrate that the TV-regularized SBL algorithm is robust to the nature of the block structure and able to recover signals with both block-patterned and isolated components, proving useful for various signal recovery systems.      
### 32.Collaborative Intelligence: Challenges and Opportunities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06841.pdf)
>  This paper presents an overview of the emerging area of collaborative intelligence (CI). Our goal is to raise awareness in the signal processing community of the challenges and opportunities in this area of growing importance, where key developments are expected to come from signal processing and related disciplines. The paper surveys the current state of the art in CI, with special emphasis on signal processing-related challenges in feature compression, error resilience, privacy, and system-level design.      
### 33.Bi-APC: Bidirectional Autoregressive Predictive Coding for Unsupervised Pre-training and Its Application to Children's ASR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06816.pdf)
>  We present a bidirectional unsupervised model pre-training (UPT) method and apply it to children's automatic speech recognition (ASR). An obstacle to improving child ASR is the scarcity of child speech databases. A common approach to alleviate this problem is model pre-training using data from adult speech. Pre-training can be done using supervised (SPT) or unsupervised methods, depending on the availability of annotations. Typically, SPT performs better. In this paper, we focus on UPT to address the situations when pre-training data are unlabeled. Autoregressive predictive coding (APC), a UPT method, predicts frames from only one direction, limiting its use to uni-directional pre-training. Conventional bidirectional UPT methods, however, predict only a small portion of frames. To extend the benefits of APC to bi-directional pre-training, Bi-APC is proposed. We then use adaptation techniques to transfer knowledge learned from adult speech (using the Librispeech corpus) to child speech (OGI Kids corpus). LSTM-based hybrid systems are investigated. For the uni-LSTM structure, APC obtains similar WER improvements to SPT over the baseline. When applied to BLSTM, however, APC is not as competitive as SPT, but our proposed Bi-APC has comparable improvements to SPT.      
### 34.Blind stain separation using model-aware generative learning and its applications on fluorescence microscopy images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06802.pdf)
>  Multiple stains are usually used to highlight biological substances in biomedical image analysis. To decompose multiple stains for co-localization quantification, blind source separation is usually performed. Prior model-based stain separation methods usually rely on stains' spatial distributions over an image and may fail to solve the co-localization problem. With the advantage of machine learning, deep generative models are used for this purpose. Since prior knowledge of imaging models is ignored in purely data-driven solutions, these methods may be sub-optimal. In this study, a novel learning-based blind source separation framework is proposed, where the physical model of biomedical imaging is incorporated to regularize the learning process. The introduced model-relevant adversarial loss couples all generators in the framework and limits the capacities of the generative models. Further more, a training algorithm is innovated for the proposed framework to avoid inter-generator confusion during learning. This paper particularly takes fluorescence unmixing in fluorescence microscopy images as an application example of the proposed framework. Qualitative and quantitative experimentation on a public fluorescence microscopy image set demonstrates the superiority of the proposed method over both prior model-based approaches and learning-based methods.      
### 35.High Order Control Lyapunov-Barrier Functions for Temporal Logic Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06787.pdf)
>  Recent work has shown that stabilizing an affine control system to a desired state while optimizing a quadratic cost subject to state and control constraints can be reduced to a sequence of Quadratic Programs (QPs) by using Control Barrier Functions (CBFs) and Control Lyapunov Functions (CLFs). In our own recent work, we defined High Order CBFs (HOCBFs) for systems and constraints with arbitrary relative degrees. In this paper, in order to accommodate initial states that do not satisfy the state constraints and constraints with arbitrary relative degree, we generalize HOCBFs to High Order Control Lyapunov-Barrier Functions (HOCLBFs). We also show that the proposed HOCLBFs can be used to guarantee the Boolean satisfaction of Signal Temporal Logic (STL) formulae over the state of the system. We illustrate our approach on a safety-critical optimal control problem (OCP) for a unicycle.      
### 36.Distributed Event-Triggered Algorithms for Finite-Time Privacy-Preserving Quantized Average Consensus  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06778.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of privacy preservation in the average consensus problem when communication among nodes is quantized. More specifically, we consider a setting where some nodes in the network are curious but not malicious and they try to identify the initial states of other nodes based on the data they receive during their operation (without interfering in the computation in any other way), while some nodes in the network want to ensure that their initial states cannot be inferred exactly by the curious nodes. We propose two privacy-preserving event-triggered quantized average consensus algorithms that can be followed by any node wishing to maintain its privacy and not reveal the initial state it contributes to the average computation. Every node in the network (including the curious nodes) is allowed to execute a privacy-preserving algorithm or its underlying average consensus algorithm. Under certain topological conditions, both algorithms allow the nodes who adopt privacypreserving protocols to preserve the privacy of their initial quantized states and at the same time to obtain, after a finite number of steps, the exact average of the initial states.      
### 37.Feasibility Study of Microsecond Pulsed Microwave Ablation using a Minimally Invasive Antenna  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06763.pdf)
>  In this study we established the feasibility of producing localized ablation zones using microsecond pulsed microwave ablation (MWA) as an alternative to conventional continuous wave (CW) MWA. We verified that a thin floating-sleeve dipole ablation probe can withstand pulsed power delivery with peak powers as high as 25 kW, with pulse widths on the order of 1 us. We conducted MWA experiments in egg white using CW and pulsed modes of operation and found that ablation zones achieved via pulsed MWA are comparable in dimension to those created via CW MWA when the average power and procedure duration are equivalent. Finally, we performed pulsed MWA experiments in bovine liver and confirmed that pulsed MWA consistently produces large, localized ablation zones and temperatures that exceed 100°C. Establishing the feasibility of pulsed MWA opens the opportunity for developing a coupled MWA treatment and imaging system using pulsed MWA and microwave-induced thermoacoustic signals for real-time monitoring of MWA.      
### 38.ICI-Aware Parameter Estimation for MIMO-OFDM Radar via APES Spatial Filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06756.pdf)
>  We propose a novel three-stage delay-Doppler-angle estimation algorithm for a MIMO-OFDM radar in the presence of inter-carrier interference (ICI). First, leveraging the observation that spatial covariance matrix is independent of target delays and Dopplers, we perform angle estimation via the MUSIC algorithm. For each estimated angle, we next formulate the radar delay-Doppler estimation as a joint carrier frequency offset (CFO) and channel estimation problem via an APES (amplitude and phase estimation) spatial filtering approach by transforming the delay-Doppler parameterized radar channel into an unstructured form. In the final stage, delay and Doppler of each target can be recovered from target-specific channel estimates over time and frequency. Simulation results illustrate the superior performance of the proposed algorithm in high-mobility scenarios.      
### 39.Hybrid phonetic-neural model for correction in speech recognition systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06744.pdf)
>  Automatic speech recognition (ASR) is a relevant area in multiple settings because it provides a natural communication mechanism between applications and users. ASRs often fail in environments that use language specific to particular application domains. Some strategies have been explored to reduce errors in closed ASRs through post-processing, particularly automatic spell checking, and deep learning approaches. In this article, we explore using a deep neural network to refine the results of a phonetic correction algorithm applied to a telesales audio database. The results exhibit a reduction in the word error rate (WER), both in the original transcription and in the phonetic correction, which shows the viability of deep learning models together with post-processing correction strategies to reduce errors made by closed ASRs in specific language domains.      
### 40.Timely Transmissions Using Optimized Variable Length Coding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07756.pdf)
>  A status updating system is considered in which a variable length code is used to transmit messages to a receiver over a noisy channel. The goal is to optimize the codewords lengths such that successfully-decoded messages are timely. That is, such that the age-of-information (AoI) at the receiver is minimized. A hybrid ARQ (HARQ) scheme is employed, in which variable-length incremental redundancy (IR) bits are added to the originally-transmitted codeword until decoding is successful. With each decoding attempt, a non-zero processing delay is incurred. The optimal codewords lengths are analytically derived utilizing a sequential differential optimization (SDO) framework. The framework is general in that it only requires knowledge of an analytical expression of the positive feedback (ACK) probability as a function of the codeword length.      
### 41.Fast End-to-End Speech Recognition via a Non-Autoregressive Model and Cross-Modal Knowledge Transferring from BERT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07594.pdf)
>  Attention-based encoder-decoder (AED) models have achieved promising performance in speech recognition. However, because the decoder predicts text tokens (such as characters or words) in an autoregressive manner, it is difficult for an AED model to predict all tokens in parallel. This makes the inference speed relatively slow. We believe that because the encoder already captures the whole speech utterance, which has the token-level relationship implicitly, we can predict a token without explicitly autoregressive language modeling. When the prediction of a token does not rely on other tokens, the parallel prediction of all tokens in the sequence is realizable. Based on this idea, we propose a non-autoregressive speech recognition model called LASO (Listen Attentively, and Spell Once). The model consists of an encoder, a decoder, and a position dependent summarizer (PDS). The three modules are based on basic attention blocks. The encoder extracts high-level representations from the speech. The PDS uses positional encodings corresponding to tokens to convert the acoustic representations into token-level representations. The decoder further captures token-level relationships with the self-attention mechanism. At last, the probability distribution on the vocabulary is computed for each token position. Therefore, speech recognition is re-formulated as a position-wise classification problem. Further, we propose a cross-modal transfer learning method to refine semantics from a large-scale pre-trained language model BERT for improving the performance.      
### 42.Uncovering Interpretable Internal States of Merging Tasks at Highway On-Ramps for Autonomous Driving Decision-Making  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07530.pdf)
>  Humans make daily-routine decisions based on their internal states in intricate interaction scenarios. This paper presents a probabilistically reconstructive learning approach to identify the internal states of multi-vehicle sequential interactions when merging at highway on-ramps. We treated the merging task's sequential decision as a dynamic, stochastic process and then integrated the internal states into an HMM-GMR model, a probabilistic combination of an extended Gaussian mixture regression (GMR) and hidden Markov models (HMM). We also developed a variant expectation-maximum (EM) algorithm to estimate the model parameters and verified them based on a real-world data set. Experimental results reveal that the interactive merge procedure at highway on-ramps can be semantically described by three interpretable internal states. This finding provides a basis for autonomous vehicles to develop a model-based decision-making algorithm in a partially observable environment.      
### 43.CQNet: Complex Input Quantized Neural Network designed for Massive MIMO CSI Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07507.pdf)
>  The Massive Multiple Input Multiple Output (MIMO) system is a core technology of the next generation communication. With the growing complexity of CSI in massive MIMO system, traditional compressive sensing based CSI feedback has become a bottleneck problem that is limited in piratical. Recently, numerous deep learning based CSI feedback approaches demonstrate the efficiency and potential. However, the existing methods lack a reasonable interpretation of the deep learning model and the accuracy of the model decreases significantly as the CSI compression rate increases. <br>In this paper, from the intrinsic properties of CSI data itself, we devised the corresponding deep learning building blocks to compose a novel neural network CQNet and experiment result shows CQNet outperform the state-of-the-art method with less computational overhead by achieving an average performance improvement of 8.07% in both outdoor and indoor scenarios. In addition, this paper also investigates the reasons for the decrease in model accuracy at large compression rates and proposes a strategy to embed a quantization layer to achieve effective compression, by which the original accuracy loss of 67.19% on average is reduced to 21.96% on average, and the compression rate is increased by 8 times on the original benchmark.      
### 44.QuickBrowser: A Unified Model to Detect and Read Simple Object in Real-time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07354.pdf)
>  There are many real-life use cases such as barcode scanning or billboard reading where people need to detect objects and read the object contents. Commonly existing methods are first trying to localize object regions, then determine layout and lastly classify content units. However, for simple fixed structured objects like license plates, this approach becomes overkill and lengthy to run. This work aims to solve this detect-and-read problem in a lightweight way by integrating multi-digit recognition into a one-stage object detection model. Our unified method not only eliminates the duplication in feature extraction (one for localizing, one again for classifying) but also provides useful contextual information around object regions for classification. Additionally, our choice of backbones and modifications in architecture, loss function, data augmentation and training make the method robust, efficient and speedy. Secondly, we made a public benchmark dataset of diverse real-life 1D barcodes for a reliable evaluation, which we collected, annotated and checked carefully. Eventually, experimental results prove the method's efficiency on the barcode problem by outperforming industrial tools in both detecting and decoding rates with a real-time fps at a VGA-similar resolution. It also did a great job expectedly on the license-plate recognition task (on the AOLP dataset) by outperforming the current state-of-the-art method significantly in terms of recognition rate and inference time.      
### 45.Parameterized Energy-Optimal Regenerative Braking Strategy for Connected and Autonomous Electrified Vehicles: A Real-Time Dynamic Programming Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07326.pdf)
>  This paper presents a vehicle speed planning system called the energy-optimal deceleration planning system (EDPS), which aims to maximize energy recuperation of regenerative braking of connected and autonomous electrified vehicles. A recuperation energy-optimal speed profile is computed based on the impending deceleration requirements for turning or stopping at an intersection. This is computed to maximize the regenerative braking energy while satisfying the physical limits of an electrified powertrain. In automated driving, the powertrain of an electrified vehicle can be directly controlled by the vehicle control unit such that it follows the computed optimal speed profile. To obtain smooth optimal deceleration speed profiles, optimal deceleration commands are determined by a parameterized polynomial-based deceleration model that is obtained by regression analyses with real vehicle driving test data. The parameters are dependent on preview information such as residual time and distance as well as target speed. The key design parameter is deceleration time, which determines the deceleration speed profile to satisfy the residual time and distance constraints as well as the target speed requirement. The bounds of deceleration commands corresponding to the physical limits of the powertrain are deduced from realistic deceleration test driving. The state constraints are dynamically updated by considering the anticipated road load and the deceleration preference. For validation and comparisons of the EDPS with different preview distances, driving simulation tests with a virtual road environment and vehicle-to-infrastructure connectivity are presented. It is shown that the longer preview distance in the EDPS, the more energy-recuperation. In comparison with driver-in-the-loop simulation tests, EDPS-based autonomous driving shows improvements in energy recuperation and reduction in trip time.      
### 46.Multimodal Mobility Systems: Joint Optimization of Transit Network Design and Pricing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07317.pdf)
>  The performance of multimodal mobility systems relies on the seamless integration of conventional mass transit services and the advent of Mobility-on-Demand (MoD) services. Prior work is limited to individually improving various transport networks' operations or linking a new mode to an existing system. In this work, we attempt to solve transit network design and pricing problems of multimodal mobility systems en masse. An operator (public transit agency or private transit operator) determines the frequency settings of the mass transit system, flows of the MoD service, and prices for each trip to optimize the overall welfare. A primal-dual approach, inspired by the market design literature, yields a compact mixed integer linear programming (MILP) formulation. However, a key computational challenge remains in allocating an exponential number of hybrid modes accessible to travelers. We provide a tractable solution approach through a decomposition scheme and approximation algorithm that accelerates the computation and enables optimization of large-scale problem instances. Using a case study in Nashville, Tennessee, we demonstrate the value of the proposed model. We also show that our algorithm reduces the average runtime by 60\% compared to advanced MILP solvers. This result seeks to establish a generic and simple-to-implement way of revamping and redesigning regional mobility systems in order to meet the increase in travel demand and integrate traditional fixed-line mass transit systems with new demand-responsive services.      
### 47.Field Evaluations of A Deep Learning-based Intelligent Spraying Robot with Flow Control for Pear Orchards  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07313.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a variable flow control system in real time with deep learning using the segmentation of fruit trees in a pear orchard. The flow rate control in real time, undesired pressure fluctuation and theoretical modeling may differ from those in the real world. Therefore, two types of preliminary experiments were designed to examine the linear relationship of the flow rate modeling. Through a preliminary experiment, the parameters of the pulse width modulation (PWM) controller were optimized, and an actual field experiment was conducted to confirm the performance of the variable flow rate control system. As a result of the field experiment, the performance of the proposed system was satisfactory, as it showed that it could reduce pesticide use and the risk of pesticide exposure. Especially, since the field experiment was conducted in an unstructured environment, the proposed variable flow control system is expected to be sufficiently applicable to other orchards.      
### 48.I-vector Based Within Speaker Voice Quality Identification on connected speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07307.pdf)
>  Voice disorders affect a large portion of the population, especially heavy voice users such as teachers or call-center workers. Most voice disorders can be treated effectively with behavioral voice therapy, which teaches patients to replace problematic, habituated voice production mechanics with optimal voice production technique(s), yielding improved voice quality. However, treatment often fails because patients have difficulty differentiating their habitual voice from the target technique independently, when clinician feedback is unavailable between therapy sessions. Therefore, with the long term aim to extend clinician feedback to extra-clinical settings, we built two systems that automatically differentiate various voice qualities produced by the same individual. We hypothesized that 1) a system based on i-vectors could classify these qualities as if they represent different speakers and 2) such a system would outperform one based on traditional voice signal processing algorithms. Training recordings were provided by thirteen amateur actors, each producing 5 perceptually different voice qualities in connected speech: normal, breathy, fry, twang, and hyponasal. As hypothesized, the i-vector system outperformed the acoustic measure system in classification accuracy (i.e. 97.5\% compared to 77.2\%, respectively). Findings are expected because the i-vector system maps features to an integrated space which better represents each voice quality than the 22-feature space of the baseline system. Therefore, an i-vector based system has potential for clinical application in voice therapy and voice training.      
### 49.Robust Classification using Hidden Markov Models and Mixtures of Normalizing Flows  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07284.pdf)
>  We test the robustness of a maximum-likelihood (ML) based classifier where sequential data as observation is corrupted by noise. The hypothesis is that a generative model, that combines the state transitions of a hidden Markov model (HMM) and the neural network based probability distributions for the hidden states of the HMM, can provide a robust classification performance. The combined model is called normalizing-flow mixture model based HMM (NMM-HMM). It can be trained using a combination of expectation-maximization (EM) and backpropagation. We verify the improved robustness of NMM-HMM classifiers in an application to speech recognition.      
### 50.Thank you for Attention: A survey on Attention-based Artificial Neural Networks for Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07259.pdf)
>  Attention is a very popular and effective mechanism in artificial neural network-based sequence-to-sequence models. In this survey paper, a comprehensive review of the different attention models used in developing automatic speech recognition systems is provided. The paper focuses on the development and evolution of attention models for offline and streaming speech recognition within recurrent neural network- and Transformer- based architectures.      
### 51.Parametric Optimization of Violin Top Plates using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07133.pdf)
>  We recently developed a neural network that receives as input the geometrical and mechanical parameters that define a violin top plate and gives as output its first ten eigenfrequencies computed in free boundary conditions. In this manuscript, we use the network to optimize several error functions, with the goal of analyzing the relationship between the eigenspectrum problem for violin top plates and their geometry. First, we focus on the violin outline. Given a vibratory feature, we find which is the best geometry of the plate to obtain it. Second, we investigate whether, from the vibrational point of view, a change in the outline shape can be compensated by one in the thickness distribution and vice versa. Finally, we analyze how to modify the violin shape to keep its response constant as its material properties vary. This is an original technique in musical acoustics, where artificial intelligence is not widely used yet. It allows us to both compute the vibrational behavior of an instrument from its geometry and optimize its shape for a given response. Furthermore, this method can be of great help to violin makers, who can thus easily understand the effects of the geometry changes in the violins they build, shedding light on one of the most relevant and, at the same time, less understood aspects of the construction process of musical instruments.      
### 52.Machine Learning Methods for the Design and Operation of Liquid Rocket Engines -- Research Activities at the DLR Institute of Space Propulsion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07109.pdf)
>  The last years have witnessed an enormous interest in the use of artificial intelligence methods, especially machine learning algorithms. This also has a major impact on aerospace engineering in general, and the design and operation of liquid rocket engines in particular, and research in this area is growing rapidly. The paper describes current machine learning applications at the DLR Institute of Space Propulsion. Not only applications in the field of modeling are presented, but also convincing results that prove the capabilities of machine learning methods for control and condition monitoring are described in detail. Furthermore, the advantages and disadvantages of the presented methods as well as current and future research directions are discussed.      
### 53.Distributed Estimation, Control and Coordination of Quadcopter Swarm Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07107.pdf)
>  In this thesis we are interested in applying distributed estimation, control and optimization techniques to enable a group of quadcopters to fly through openings. The quadcopters are assumed to be equipped with a simulated bearing and distance sensor for localization. Some quadcopters are designated as leaders who carry global position sensors. We assume quadcopters can communicate information with each other.      
### 54.Decentralized Riemannian Gradient Descent on the Stiefel Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07091.pdf)
>  We consider a distributed non-convex optimization where a network of agents aims at minimizing a global function over the Stiefel manifold. The global function is represented as a finite sum of smooth local functions, where each local function is associated with one agent and agents communicate with each other over an undirected connected graph. The problem is non-convex as local functions are possibly non-convex (but smooth) and the Steifel manifold is a non-convex set. We present a decentralized Riemannian stochastic gradient method (DRSGD) with the convergence rate of $\mathcal{O}(1/\sqrt{K})$ to a stationary point. To have exact convergence with constant stepsize, we also propose a decentralized Riemannian gradient tracking algorithm (DRGTA) with the convergence rate of $\mathcal{O}(1/K)$ to a stationary point. We use multi-step consensus to preserve the iteration in the local (consensus) region. DRGTA is the first decentralized algorithm with exact convergence for distributed optimization on Stiefel manifold.      
### 55.Survey on Aerial Radio Access Networks: Toward a Comprehensive 6G Access Infrastructure  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07087.pdf)
>  Current network access infrastructures are characterized by heterogeneity, low latency, high throughput, and high computational capability, enabling massive concurrent connections and various services. Unfortunately, this design does not pay significant attention to mobile services in underserved areas. In this context, the use of aerial radio access networks (ARANs) is a promising strategy to complement existing terrestrial communication systems. Involving airborne components such as unmanned aerial vehicles, drones, and satellites, ARANs can quickly establish a flexible access infrastructure on demand. ARANs are expected to support the development of seamless mobile communication systems toward a comprehensive sixth-generation (6G) global access infrastructure. This paper provides an overview of recent studies regarding ARANs in the literature. First, we investigate related work to identify areas for further exploration in terms of recent knowledge advancements and analyses. Second, we define the scope and methodology of this study. Then, we describe ARAN architecture and its fundamental features for the development of 6G networks. In particular, we analyze the system model from several perspectives, including transmission propagation, energy consumption, communication latency, and network mobility. Furthermore, we introduce technologies that enable the success of ARAN implementations in terms of energy replenishment, operational management, and data delivery. Subsequently, we discuss application scenarios envisioned for these technologies. Finally, we highlight ongoing research efforts and trends toward 6G ARANs.      
### 56.Achieving Linear Convergence in Federated Learning under Objective and Systems Heterogeneity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07053.pdf)
>  We consider a standard federated learning architecture where a group of clients periodically coordinate with a central server to train a statistical model. We tackle two major challenges in federated learning: (i) objective heterogeneity, which stems from differences in the clients' local loss functions, and (ii) systems heterogeneity, which leads to slow and straggling client devices. Due to such client heterogeneity, we show that existing federated learning algorithms suffer from a fundamental speed-accuracy conflict: they either guarantee linear convergence but to an incorrect point, or convergence to the global minimum but at a sub-linear rate, i.e., fast convergence comes at the expense of accuracy. <br>To address the above limitation, we propose FedLin - a simple, new algorithm that exploits past gradients and employs client-specific learning rates. When the clients' local loss functions are smooth and strongly convex, we show that FedLin guarantees linear convergence to the global minimum. We then establish matching upper and lower bounds on the convergence rate of FedLin that highlight the trade-offs associated with infrequent, periodic communication. Notably, FedLin is the only approach that is able to match centralized convergence rates (up to constants) for smooth strongly convex, convex, and non-convex loss functions despite arbitrary objective and systems heterogeneity. We further show that FedLin preserves linear convergence rates under aggressive gradient sparsification, and quantify the effect of the compression level on the convergence rate.      
### 57.An Evolutionary Study of Configuration Design and Implementation in Cloud Systems (with Replication Package)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.07052.pdf)
>  Many techniques were proposed for detecting software misconfigurations in cloud systems and for diagnosing unintended behavior caused by such misconfigurations. Detection and diagnosis are steps in the right direction: misconfigurations cause many costly failures and severe performance issues. But, we argue that continued focus on detection and diagnosis is symptomatic of a more serious problem: configuration design and implementation are not yet first-class software engineering endeavors in cloud systems. Little is known about how and why developers evolve configuration design and implementation, and the challenges that they face in doing so. <br>This paper presents a source-code level study of the evolution of configuration design and implementation in cloud systems. Our goal is to understand the rationale and developer practices for revising initial configuration design/implementation decisions, especially in response to consequences of misconfigurations. To this end, we studied 1178 configuration-related commits from a 2.5 year version-control history of four large-scale, actively-maintained open-source cloud systems (HDFS, HBase, Spark, and Cassandra). We derive new insights into the software configuration engineering process. Our results motivate new techniques for proactively reducing misconfigurations by improving the configuration design and implementation process in cloud systems. We highlight a number of future research directions.      
### 58.Model Synthesis for Communication Traces of System-on-Chip Designs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06989.pdf)
>  Concise and abstract models of system-level behaviors are invaluable in design analysis, testing, and validation. In this paper, we consider the problem of inferring models from communication traces of system-on-chip~(SoC) designs. The traces capture communications among different blocks of a SoC design in terms of messages exchanged. The extracted models characterize the system-level communication protocols governing how blocks exchange messages, and coordinate with each other to realize various system functions. In this paper, the above problem is formulated as a constraint satisfaction problem, which is then fed to a SMT solver. The solutions returned by the SMT solver are used to extract the models that accept the input traces. In the experiments, we demonstrate the proposed approach with traces collected from a transaction-level simulation model of a multicore SoC design and traces of a more detailed multicore SoC design developed in GEM5 environment.      
### 59.Alternative Detectors for Spectrum Sensing by Exploiting Excess Bandwidth  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06969.pdf)
>  The problems regarding spectrum sensing are studied by exploiting a priori and a posteriori in information of the received noise variance. First, the traditional Average Likelihood Ratio (ALR) and the General Likelihood Ratio Test (GLRT) detectors are investigated under a Gamma distributed function as a channel noise, for the first time, under the availability of a priori statistical distribution about the noise variance. Then, two robust detectors are proposed using the exiting excess bandwidth to deliver a posteriori probability on the received noise variance uncertainty. The first proposed detector that is based on traditional ALR employs marginal distribution of the observation under available a priori and a posteriori of the received signal, while the second proposed detector employs the Maximum a posteriori (MAP) estimation of the inverse of the noise power under the same hypothesizes as the first detector. In addition, analytical expressions for the performance of the proposed detectors are obtained in terms of the false-alarm and detection probabilities. The simulation results exhibit the superiority of the proposed detectors over the traditional counterparts.      
### 60.Multi-Channel Speech Enhancement using Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06934.pdf)
>  Multi-channel speech enhancement aims to extract clean speech from a noisy mixture using signals captured from multiple microphones. Recently proposed methods tackle this problem by incorporating deep neural network models with spatial filtering techniques such as the minimum variance distortionless response (MVDR) beamformer. In this paper, we introduce a different research direction by viewing each audio channel as a node lying in a non-Euclidean space and, specifically, a graph. This formulation allows us to apply graph neural networks (GNN) to find spatial correlations among the different channels (nodes). We utilize graph convolution networks (GCN) by incorporating them in the embedding space of a U-Net architecture. We use LibriSpeech dataset and simulate room acoustics data to extensively experiment with our approach using different array types, and number of microphones. Results indicate the superiority of our approach when compared to prior state-of-the-art method.      
### 61.Deep Convolutional and Recurrent Networks for Polyphonic Instrument Classification from Monophonic Raw Audio Waveforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06930.pdf)
>  Sound Event Detection and Audio Classification tasks are traditionally addressed through time-frequency representations of audio signals such as spectrograms. However, the emergence of deep neural networks as efficient feature extractors has enabled the direct use of audio signals for classification purposes. In this paper, we attempt to recognize musical instruments in polyphonic audio by only feeding their raw waveforms into deep learning models. Various recurrent and convolutional architectures incorporating residual connections are examined and parameterized in order to build end-to-end classi-fiers with low computational cost and only minimal preprocessing. We obtain competitive classification scores and useful instrument-wise insight through the IRMAS test set, utilizing a parallel CNN-BiGRU model with multiple residual connections, while maintaining a significantly reduced number of trainable parameters.      
### 62.A Theoretical Performance Bound for Joint Beamformer Design of Wireless Fronthaul and Access Links in Downlink C-RAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06922.pdf)
>  It is known that data rates in standard cellular networks are limited due to inter-cell interference. An effective solution of this problem is to use the multi-cell cooperation idea. In Cloud Radio Access Network (C-RAN), which is a candidate solution in 5G and future communication networks, cooperation is applied by means of central processors (CPs) connected to simple remote radio heads with finite capacity fronthaul links. In this study, we consider a downlink C-RAN with a wireless fronthaul and aim to minimize total power spent by jointly designing beamformers for fronthaul and access links. We consider the case where perfect channel state information is not available in the CP. We first derive a novel theoretical performance bound for the problem defined. Then we propose four algorithms with different complexities to show the tightness of the bound. The first two algorithms apply successive convex optimizations with semi-definite relaxation idea where other two are adapted from well-known beamforming design methods. The detailed simulations under realistic channel conditions show that as the complexity of the algorithm increases, the corresponding performance becomes closer to the bound.      
### 63.Beamformer Design with Smooth Constraint-Free Approximation in Downlink Cloud Radio Access Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06916.pdf)
>  It is known that data rates in standard cellular networks are limited due to inter-cell interference. An effective solution of this problem is to use the multi-cell cooperation idea. In Cloud Radio Access Network, which is a candidate solution in 5G and beyond, cooperation is applied by means of central processors (CPs) connected to simple remote radio heads with finite capacity fronthaul links. In this study, we consider a downlink scenario and aim to minimize total power spent by designing beamformers. We consider the case where perfect channel state information is not available in the CP. The original problem includes discontinuous terms with many constraints. We propose a novel method which transforms the problem into a smooth constraint-free form and a solution is found by the gradient descent approach. As a comparison, we consider the optimal method solving an extensive number of convex sub-problems, a known heuristic search algorithm and some sparse solution techniques. Heuristic search methods find a solution by solving a subset of all possible convex sub-problems. Sparse techniques apply some norm approximation ($\ell_0/\ell_1, \ell_0/\ell_2$) or convex approximation to make the objective function more tractable. We also derive a theoretical performance bound in order to observe how far the proposed method performs off the optimal method when running the optimal method is prohibitive due to computational complexity. Detailed simulations show that the performance of the proposed method is close to the optimal one, and it outperforms other methods analyzed.      
### 64.Channel Estimation and Hybrid Combining for Wideband Terahertz Massive MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06772.pdf)
>  Terahertz (THz) communication is widely considered as a key enabler for future 6G wireless systems. However, THz links are subject to high propagation losses and inter-symbol interference due to the frequency selectivity of the channel. Massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) along with orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) can be used to deal with these problems. Nevertheless, when the propagation delay across the base station (BS) antenna array exceeds the symbol period, the spatial response of the BS array varies across the OFDM subcarriers. This phenomenon, known as beam squint, renders narrowband combining approaches ineffective. Additionally, channel estimation becomes challenging in the absence of combining gain during the training stage. In this work, we address the channel estimation and hybrid combining problems in wideband THz massive MIMO with uniform planar arrays. Specifically, we first introduce a low-complexity beam squint mitigation scheme based on true-time-delay. Next, we propose a novel variant of the popular orthogonal matching pursuit (OMP) algorithm to accurately estimate the channel with low training overhead. Our channel estimation and hybrid combining schemes are analyzed both theoretically and numerically. Moreover, the proposed schemes are extended to the multi-antenna user case. Simulation results are provided showcasing the performance gains offered by our design compared to standard narrowband combining and OMP-based channel estimation.      
### 65.Do as I mean, not as I say: Sequence Loss Training for Spoken Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2102.06750.pdf)
>  Spoken language understanding (SLU) systems extract transcriptions, as well as semantics of intent or named entities from speech, and are essential components of voice activated systems. SLU models, which either directly extract semantics from audio or are composed of pipelined automatic speech recognition (ASR) and natural language understanding (NLU) models, are typically trained via differentiable cross-entropy losses, even when the relevant performance metrics of interest are word or semantic error rates. In this work, we propose non-differentiable sequence losses based on SLU metrics as a proxy for semantic error and use the REINFORCE trick to train ASR and SLU models with this loss. We show that custom sequence loss training is the state-of-the-art on open SLU datasets and leads to 6% relative improvement in both ASR and NLU performance metrics on large proprietary datasets. We also demonstrate how the semantic sequence loss training paradigm can be used to update ASR and SLU models without transcripts, using semantic feedback alone.      
