# ArXiv eess --Tue, 13 Oct 2020
### 1.Control of Unknown (Linear) Systems with Receding Horizon Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05891.pdf)
>  A receding horizon learning scheme is proposed to transfer the state of a discrete-time dynamical control system to zero without the need of a system model. Global state convergence to zero is proved for the class of stabilizable and detectable linear time-invariant systems, assuming that only input and output data is available and an upper bound of the state dimension is known. The proposed scheme consists of a receding horizon control scheme and a proximity-based estimation scheme to estimate and control the closed-loop trajectory. Simulations are presented for linear and nonlinear systems.      
### 2.Designing a 9-channel location microphone from scratch  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05877.pdf)
>  The design of a 9-channel microphone system for location recording of mainly atmospheres will be described. The key concept is matching the recording and reproduction angles of the individual sectors. The rig is designed for the AURO-3D 9-channel playback system (4 height speakers). An analysis of the reproduction layout will be included, as well as recording concepts like the Stereo Recording Angle (SRA), Williams curves, Scale Factors for different reproduction angles than 60 degrees and diffuse field decorrelation. Finally, practical aspects like microphone mounts and windshields for such a system will be presented.      
### 3.Control Barrier Functions for Unknown Nonlinear Systems using Gaussian Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05818.pdf)
>  This paper focuses on the controller synthesis for unknown, nonlinear systems while ensuring safety constraints. Our approach consists of two steps, a learning step that uses Gaussian processes and a controller synthesis step that is based on control barrier functions. In the learning step, we use a data-driven approach utilizing Gaussian processes to learn the unknown control affine nonlinear dynamics together with a statistical bound on the accuracy of the learned model. In the second controller synthesis steps, we develop a systematic approach to compute control barrier functions that explicitly take into consideration the uncertainty of the learned model. The control barrier function not only results in a safe controller by construction but also provides a rigorous lower bound on the probability of satisfaction of the safety specification. Finally, we illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed results by synthesizing a safety controller for a jet engine example.      
### 4.Video Quality Enhancement Using Deep Learning-Based Prediction Models for Quantized DCT Coefficients in MPEG I-frames  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05760.pdf)
>  Recent works have successfully applied some types of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) to reduce the noticeable distortion resulting from the lossy JPEG/MPEG compression technique. Most of them are built upon the processing made on the spatial domain. In this work, we propose a MPEG video decoder that is purely based on the frequency-to-frequency domain: it reads the quantized DCT coefficients received from a low-quality I-frames bitstream and, using a deep learning-based model, predicts the missing coefficients in order to recompose the same frames with enhanced quality. In experiments with a video dataset, our best model was able to improve from frames with quantized DCT coefficients corresponding to a Quality Factor (QF) of 10 to enhanced quality frames with QF slightly near to 20.      
### 5.Explaining Clinical Decision Support Systems in Medical Imaging using Cycle-Consistent Activation Maximization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05759.pdf)
>  Clinical decision support using deep neural networks has become a topic of steadily growing interest. While recent work has repeatedly demonstrated that deep learning offers major advantages for medical image classification over traditional methods, clinicians are often hesitant to adopt the technology because its underlying decision-making process is considered to be intransparent and difficult to comprehend. In recent years, this has been addressed by a variety of approaches that have successfully contributed to providing deeper insight. Most notably, additive feature attribution methods are able to propagate decisions back into the input space by creating a saliency map which allows the practitioner to "see what the network sees." However, the quality of the generated maps can become poor and the images noisy if only limited data is available - a typical scenario in clinical contexts. We propose a novel decision explanation scheme based on CycleGAN activation maximization which generates high-quality visualizations of classifier decisions even in smaller data sets. We conducted a user study in which these visualizations significantly outperformed existing methods on the LIDC dataset for lung lesion malignancy classification. With our approach we make a significant contribution to a better understanding of clinical decision support systems based on deep neural networks and thus aim to foster overall clinical acceptance.      
### 6.An Adaptive Multivariable Smooth Second-Order Sliding Mode Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05752.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel adaptive multivariable smooth second-order sliding mode approach with the features of fast finite-time convergence, adaptation to disturbances and smooth. This approach can be directly applied to the controller design of multi-input and multi-output (MIMO) systems. In addition, a novel adaptive multivariable smooth disturbance observer is proposed based on this structure. In terms of the types of disturbances, the fast finite-time convergence and the fast finite-time uniformly ultimately boundedness of the systems are proved with the corresponding fast finite-time Lyapunov stability theory. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed approach is validated by comparative numerical simulations.      
### 7.Optimal speed profile on a given road for motion sickness reduction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05701.pdf)
>  Motion Sickness (MS) is an issue of most transportation systems. Several countermeasures for such problem in cars are proposed in the literature, but most of them are qualitative, behavioural or involving complex chassis systems. With the growing interest in self-employed vehicles, the issue of MS may be so important that it undermines their benefits in terms of increased productivity; not addressing such issue may limit the users' acceptance reducing the safety and environmental impact of autonomous vehicles. The present study presents a novel approach to combine minimal travel time with minimal Motion Sickness Incidence (MSI) by optimising the speed profile for a given path. Through simulation, a simple vehicle model is used to compare several strategies evaluating which of them are effective and which not. The optimisation task is formulated as a Non-linear Model Predictive Control (NMPC) and a series of optimisation routines are computed along the path; the strategies are implemented within the cost function of the NMPC problem evaluating their performance and if using a numerical MS model is mandatory to get a significant reduction of the MSI. The results show that not all the cost functions are effective, but it is possible to reduce MS without modelling its dynamics; however, the strategy taking into account the current MSI using a MS model outperforms the other cost functions in term of efficacy and efficiency. Such a quantitative approach can be used during motion planning in autonomous vehicles, to suggest an optimal speed in human-driven vehicles and to improve the comfort for bus-line services or even trains.      
### 8.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces (RIS): Channel Model and Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05623.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) has recently drawn significant attention in wireless communication technologies. However, identifying, modeling, and estimating the RIS channel in multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems are considered challenging in recent studies. In this letter, a general RIS-MIMO channel is modeled as a keyhole MIMO system. Based on that, a channel estimation framework is proposed using single value decomposition (SVD) to separate the cascaded channel links and estimate each link separately. Numerical results show that the proposed estimation method has low time overhead while providing less error.      
### 9.Near-field Localization with a Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Acting as Lens  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05617.pdf)
>  Exploiting wavefront curvature enables localization with limited infrastructure and hardware complexity. With the introduction of reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs), new opportunities arise, in particular when the RIS is functioning as a lens receiver. We investigate the localization of a transmitter using a RIS-based lens in close proximity to a single receive antenna element attached to reception radio frequency chain. We perform a Fisher information analysis, evaluate the impact of different lens configurations, and propose a two-stage localization algorithm. Our results indicate that positional beamforming can lead to better performance when a priori location information is available, while random beamforming is preferred when a priori information is lacking. Our simulation results for a moderate size lens operating at 28 GHz showcased that decimeter-level accuracy can be attained within 3 meters to the lens.      
### 10.Structured preconditioning of conjugate gradients for path-graph network optimal control problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05616.pdf)
>  A structured preconditioned conjugate gradient (PCG) solver is developed for the Newton steps in second-order methods for a class of constrained network optimal control problems. Of specific interest are problems with discrete-time dynamics arising from the path-graph interconnection of $N$ heterogeneous sub-systems. The computational complexity of each PGC step is shown to be $O(NT)$, where $T$ is the length of the time horizon. The proposed preconditioning involves a fixed number of block Jacobi iterations per PCG step. A decreasing analytic bound on the effective conditioning is given in terms of this number. The computations are decomposable across the spatial and temporal dimensions of the optimal control problem, into sub-problems of size independent of $N$ and $T$. Numerical results are provided for a mass-spring-damper chain.      
### 11.Enhancement Of Coded Speech Using a Mask-Based Post-Filter  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05571.pdf)
>  The quality of speech codecs deteriorates at low bitrates due to high quantization noise. A post-filter is generally employed to enhance the quality of the coded speech. In this paper, a data-driven post-filter relying on masking in the time-frequency domain is proposed. A fully connected neural network (FCNN), a convolutional encoder-decoder (CED) network and a long short-term memory (LSTM) network are implemeted to estimate a real-valued mask per time-frequency bin. The proposed models were tested on the five lowest operating modes (6.65 kbps-15.85 kbps) of the Adaptive Multi-Rate Wideband codec (AMR-WB). Both objective and subjective evaluations confirm the enhancement of the coded speech and also show the superiority of the mask-based neural network system over a conventional heuristic post-filter used in the standard like ITU-T G.718.      
### 12.A New Cooperative Framework for a Fair and Cost-Optimal Allocation of Resources within a Low Voltage Electricity Community  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05544.pdf)
>  This paper presents an original collaborative framework for power exchanges inside a low voltage community. The community seeks to minimize its total costs by scheduling on a daily basis the resources of its members. In this respect, their flexibility such as excess storage capacity, unused local generation or shiftable load are exploited. Total costs include not only the energy commodity, but also grid fees associated to the community operation, through the integration of power flow constraints. In order to share the community costs in a fair manner, two different cost distributions are proposed. The first one adopts a distribution key based on the Shapley value, while the other relies on a natural consensus defined by a Nash equilibrium. Outcomes show that both collaboration schemes lead to important savings for all individual members. In particular, it is observed that the Shapley-based solution gives more value to mobilized flexible resources, whereas the Nash equilibrium rewards the potential flexibility consent of end-users.      
### 13.From classical to Networked Control: Retrofitting the Concept of Smith Predictors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05486.pdf)
>  Filtered Smith predictors are well established for controlling linear plants with constant time delays. Apart from this classical application scenario, they are also employed within networked control loops, where the measurements are sent in separate packets over a transmission channel that is subject to time-varying delays. However, no stability guarantees can be given in this case. The present paper illustrates that the time-varying delays as well as the packetized character of the transmissions have to be taken into account for stability analysis. Hence, three network protocols, which use different packet selection and hold mechanisms, are considered. Criteria for robust stability of the networked feedback loop are given. They are based on the small gain theorem and allow a computationally inexpensive way to check stability for the case with bounded packet delays. Simulation examples provide insight into the presented approach and show why the inclusion of the time-varying packetized character of the network transmissions is vital for stability analysis.      
### 14.D2D Assisted Multi-antenna Coded Caching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05459.pdf)
>  Device-to-device (D2D) aided multicast beamforming design for multi-antenna coded caching is explored to improve the per-user rate and mitigate the beamformer complexity. Novel beamforming and resource allocation schemes are proposed where the local cache content exchange among nearby users is exploited. The transmission is split into two phases: local D2D content exchange and downlink transmission. In the D2D phase, subsets of users are selected to share content with the adjacent users directly. The downlink phase utilizes multicast beamforming by the base station to simultaneously serve all users to fulfill the remaining content requests. A low complexity D2D-multicast mode selection algorithm is proposed with comparable performance to the optimal exhaustive search. Furthermore, D2D transmission scenarios and conditions useful for minimizing the overall delivery time are identified. Finally, we show that introducing the new D2D phase to the existing works significantly reduces the beamformers' complexity in the downlink phase. The results further highlight that by exploiting the direct D2D exchange of file fragments, the common multicast rate for delivering the remaining file fragments in the downlink phase is increased. As a result, overall content delivery performance is greatly enhanced, especially in the finite signal-to-noise (SNR) regime.      
### 15.Using Empirical Trajectory Data to Design Connected Autonomous Vehicle Controllers for Traffic Stabilization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05440.pdf)
>  Emerging transportation technologies offer unprecedented opportunities to improve the efficiency of the transportation system from the perspectives of energy consumption, congestion, and emissions. One of these technologies is connected and autonomous vehicles (CAVs). With the prospective duality of operations of CAVs and human driven vehicles in the same roadway space (also referred to as a mixed stream), CAVs are expected to address a variety of traffic problems particularly those that are either caused or exacerbated by the heterogeneous nature of human driving. In efforts to realize such specific benefits of CAVs in mixed-stream traffic, it is essential to understand and simulate the behavior of human drivers in such environments, and microscopic traffic flow (MTF) models can be used to carry out this task. By helping to comprehend the fundamental dynamics of traffic flow, MTF models serve as a powerful approach to assess the impacts of such flow in terms of safety, stability, and efficiency. In this paper, we seek to calibrate MTF models based on empirical trajectory data as basis of not only understanding traffic dynamics such as traffic instabilities, but ultimately using CAVs to mitigate stop-and-go wave propagation. The paper therefore duly considers the heterogeneity and uncertainty associated with human driving behavior in order to calibrate the dynamics of each HDV. Also, the paper designs the CAV controllers based on the microscopic HDV models that are calibrated in real time. The data for the calibration is from the Next Generation SIMulation (NGSIM) trajectory datasets. The results are encouraging, as they indicate the efficacy of the designed controller to significantly improve not only the stability of the mixed traffic stream but also the safety of both CAVs and HDVs in the traffic stream.      
### 16.A Cooperative Control Framework for CAV Lane Change in a Mixed Traffic Environment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05439.pdf)
>  In preparing for connected and autonomous vehicles (CAVs), a worrisome aspect is the transition era which will be characterized by mixed traffic (where CAVs and human-driven vehicles (HDVs) share the roadway). Consistent with expectations that CAVs will improve road safety, on-road CAVs may adopt rather conservative control policies, and this will likely cause HDVs to unduly exploit CAV conservativeness by driving in ways that imperil safety. A context of this situation is lane-changing by the CAV. Without cooperation from other vehicles in the traffic stream, it can be extremely unsafe for the CAV to change lanes under dense, high-speed traffic conditions. The cooperation of neighboring vehicles is indispensable. To address this issue, this paper develops a control framework where connected HDVs and CAV can cooperate to facilitate safe and efficient lane changing by the CAV. Throughout the lane-change process, the safety of not only the CAV but also of all neighboring vehicles, is ensured through a collision avoidance mechanism in the control framework. The overall traffic flow efficiency is analyzed in terms of the ambient level of CHDV-CAV cooperation. The analysis outcomes are including the CAVs lane-change feasibility, the overall duration of the lane change. Lane change is a major source of traffic disturbance at multi-lane highways that impair their traffic flow efficiency. In providing a control framework for lane change in mixed traffic, this study shows how CHDV-CAV cooperation could help enhancing system efficiency.      
### 17.A Discussion on Stabilization of Frequency Control for Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05389.pdf)
>  How to practically maintain the frequency stability of large-scale power systems by a decentralized way is a simple but non-trivial question. In other words, is it possible to design any local controller without understanding the other controlled areas and with less understanding of network structure? With respect to the special properties of physical interaction between the local areas, this paper suggests two existing theories for tackling this issue. Firstly, passivity theory is shown to be a candidate for frequency control problem using swing equation. Based on the passivity of swing dynamics, it is possible to guarantee the system stability by designing for each local area a passive controller. We further extend the passivity approach to the hierarchically decentralized control system with unknown communication delay. Secondly, we discuss the application of generalized frequency variable (GFV) to the frequency control problem using area-control-error. Each local controller is designed such that each local subsystem follows a nominal model set. Utilizing GFV theory, we present a triad of conditions that sufficiently guarantee the system stability. The conditions can be tested conveniently by a limited set of inequalities established from the GFV and the eigenvalues of the physical interaction matrix. The effectiveness, limitation, and challenge of two theories are discussed by design examples with numerical simulations.      
### 18.Miniscope3D: optimized single-shot miniature 3D fluorescence microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05382.pdf)
>  Miniature fluorescence microscopes are a standard tool in systems biology. However, widefield miniature microscopes capture only 2D information, and modifications that enable 3D capabilities increase the size and weight and have poor resolution outside a narrow depth range. Here, we achieve the 3D capability by replacing the tube lens of a conventional 2D Miniscope with an optimized multifocal phase mask at the objective's aperture stop. Placing the phase mask at the aperture stop significantly reduces the size of the device, and varying the focal lengths enables a uniform resolution across a wide depth range. The phase mask encodes the 3D fluorescence intensity into a single 2D measurement, and the 3D volume is recovered by solving a sparsity-constrained inverse problem. We provide methods for designing and fabricating the phase mask and an efficient forward model that accounts for the field-varying aberrations in miniature objectives. We demonstrate a prototype that is 17 mm tall and weighs 2.5 grams, achieving 2.76 $\mu$m lateral, and 15 $\mu$m axial resolution across most of the 900x700x390 $\mu m^3$ volume at 40 volumes per second. The performance is validated experimentally on resolution targets, dynamic biological samples, and mouse brain tissue. Compared with existing miniature single-shot volume-capture implementations, our system is smaller and lighter and achieves a more than 2x better lateral and axial resolution throughout a 10x larger usable depth range. Our microscope design provides single-shot 3D imaging for applications where a compact platform matters, such as volumetric neural imaging in freely moving animals and 3D motion studies of dynamic samples in incubators and lab-on-a-chip devices.      
### 19.On Determining and Qualifying the Number of Superstates in Aggregation of Markov Chains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05341.pdf)
>  A viable approach in the study of Markov chains with large state spaces is to determine a smaller representative chain that approximates the original stochastic model. Typically, the number of super-states in the aggregated Markov chain is pre-specified based on prior knowledge, computational limitations, or bounds on the representation error. In this paper we derive a quantity from the state-transition matrix of the original Markov chain that characterizes the reduction in the representation error for every additional super-state in the aggregated model. More precisely, we develop and quantify a notion of {\em persistence} for a given number of superstates, which captures the range of representation errors that the number of superstates can achieve. This quantity is justified using maximum entropy principle and studying sensitivity of representation errors with the number of superstates. Through simulations, we show that the number of superstates with the largest persistence detects the true number of superstates in synthetic datasets, where the true number is known a priori. This suggests of using the number of superstates with the largest persistence range as the target number of superstates.      
### 20.Non-Cooperative MDS Coding Game In CSMA Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05280.pdf)
>  Maximum distance separable erasure coding has been introduced in wireless networks based on random medium access protocols in order to recover collided and erased packets. So, this help to avoid retransmission process which weaken the network throughput and prolong the overall propagation delay. However, erasure coding may degrade the network performances by causing overload traffic due to added redundancy (parity) and also when extending the propagation delay due to additional calculations and encoding/decoding process time which can lead quickly the network into saturation. Here, the redundancy should be applied properly. In addition, multiple access make conflicting situations due to simultaneous access and selfish behaviour of users which affect too the network performances. For this purpose, we present a game model based on the use of game theory to analyse and manage multiple users that assuming random access protocol and erasure coding algorithm. Our model is used to operate the network at equilibrium by selecting a suitable type of erasure coding. Making the network work at equilibrium, leads to decrease collisions, decrease also the overall transmission delay and as well as increasing the throughput.      
### 21.Model Identification and Adaptive State Observation for a Class of Nonlinear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05251.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the joint problems of state estimation and model identification for a class of continuous-time nonlinear systems in output-feedback canonical form. An adaptive observer is proposed that consists of an extended high-gain observer interconnected with a discrete-time identifier. The extended observer provides the identifier with a data set permitting the identification of the system model, and the identifier adapts the observer according to the new estimated model. The design of the identifier is approached as a system identification problem, and a set of sufficient conditions are presented that, if satisfied, allow different identification algorithms to be used for the adaptation phase. The case of recursive least-squares and of wavelet-based identifiers performing a multiresolution black-box identification are specifically addressed. Stability results are provided relating the asymptotic estimation error to the prediction capabilities of the identifier. Robustness to additive disturbances affecting the system equations and measurements is also given in terms of an input-to-state stability property relative to the ideal estimates.      
### 22.End-to-End Radio Fingerprinting with Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05169.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel method for classifying radio frequency (RF) devices from their transmission signals. Given a collection of signals from identical devices, we accurately classify both the distance of the transmission and the specific device identity. We develop a multiple classifier system that accurately discriminates between channels and classifies devices using normalized in-phase and quadrature (IQ) samples. Our network uses residual connections for both distance and device classification, reaching 88.33% accuracy classifying 16 unique devices over 11 different distances and two different times, on a task that was previously unlearnable. Furthermore, we demonstrate the efficacy for pre-training neural networks for massive data domains and subtle classification differences.      
### 23.Efficient Spectrum Utilization via Pulse Shape Design for Fixed Transmission Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05162.pdf)
>  Microwave backhaul links are characterized by high signal-to-noise ratios permitting spectrally-efficient transmission. The used signal constellation sizes and achievable data rates are typically limited by transceiver impairments, predominantly by phase noise from non-ideal carrier generation. In this paper, we propose a new method to improve the data rate over such microwave links. We make use of the fact that adjacent frequency channels are inactive in many deployment scenarios. We argue that additional data can be transmitted in the skirts of the spectral mask imposed on the transmission signal by regulation. To accomplish this task, we present a shaped wideband single-carrier transmission using non-Nyquist pulse shapes. In particular, we design spectrum-skirt filling (SSF) pulse shaping filters that follow the spectral mask response, and perform detection using an accordingly increased sampling frequency at the receiver. We evaluate the achievable information rates of the SSF-based transmission considering practical dispersive channels and non-ideal transmitter and receiver processing. To compensate for phase noise impairments, we derive carrier phase tracking and estimation techniques, and utilize them in tandem with nonlinear precoding which mitigates the intersymbol interference introduced by the non-Nyquist SSF shaping filter. Quantitative performance evaluations show that the proposed system design achieves higher data rates in a dispersive microwave propagation environment with respect to the conventional transmission with Nyquist pulse shaping.      
### 24.Online Learning and Distributed Control for Residential Demand Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05153.pdf)
>  This paper studies the automated control method for regulating air conditioner (AC)-type loads in incentive-based residential demand response (DR). The critical challenge is that the customer responses to load adjustment are uncertain and unknown in practice. In this paper, we formulate the AC control problem in a DR event as a Markov decision process that integrates the indoor thermal dynamics and customer opt-out status transition. Specifically, machine learning techniques including Gaussian process and logistic regression are employed to learn the unknown thermal dynamics model and customer opt-out behavior model, respectively. We consider two typical DR objectives for AC load control: 1) minimizing the total load demand, 2) closely tracking a regulated power trajectory. Based on the Thompson sampling framework, we propose an online DR control algorithm to learn the customer behaviors and make real-time AC control schemes. This algorithm considers the influence of various environmental factors on customer behaviors, and is implemented in a distributed fashion to preserve the privacy of customers. Numerical simulations demonstrate the control optimality and learning efficiency of the proposed algorithm.      
### 25.Pinched Hysteresis Loops In Nonlinear Resonators  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05039.pdf)
>  This paper shows that pinched hysteresis can be observed in simple nonlinear resonance circuits containing a single diode that behaves as a voltage-controlled switch. Mathematical models are derived and numerically validated for both series and parallel resonator circuits. The lobe area of the pinched loop is found to increase with increased frequency and multiple pinch-points are possible with an odd symmetrical nonlinearity such as a cubic nonlinearity. Experiments have been performed to prove the existence of pinched hysteresis with a single diode and with two anti-parallel diodes. The formation of a pinched loop in these circuits confirms that: 1) pinched hysteresis is not a finger-print of memristors and that 2) the existence of a nonlinearity is essential for generating this behavior. Finally, an application in a digital logic circuit is validated.      
### 26.An Empirical Study on Detecting COVID-19 in Chest X-ray Images Using Deep Learning Based Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04936.pdf)
>  Spreading of COVID-19 virus has increased the efforts to provide testing kits. Not only the preparation of these kits had been hard, rare, and expensive but also using them is another issue. Results have shown that these kits take some crucial time to recognize the virus, in addition to the fact that they encounter with 30% loss. In this paper, we have studied the usage of x-ray pictures which are ubiquitous, for the classification of COVID-19 chest Xray images, by the existing convolutional neural networks (CNNs). We intend to train chest x-rays of infected and not infected ones with different CNNs architectures including VGG19, Densnet-121, and Xception. Training these architectures resulted in different accuracies which were much faster and more precise than usual ways of testing.      
### 27.Contrastive Rendering for Ultrasound Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04928.pdf)
>  Ultrasound (US) image segmentation embraced its significant improvement in deep learning era. However, the lack of sharp boundaries in US images still remains an inherent challenge for segmentation. Previous methods often resort to global context, multi-scale cues or auxiliary guidance to estimate the boundaries. It is hard for these methods to approach pixel-level learning for fine-grained boundary generating. In this paper, we propose a novel and effective framework to improve boundary estimation in US images. Our work has three highlights. First, we propose to formulate the boundary estimation as a rendering task, which can recognize ambiguous points (pixels/voxels) and calibrate the boundary prediction via enriched feature representation learning. Second, we introduce point-wise contrastive learning to enhance the similarity of points from the same class and contrastively decrease the similarity of points from different classes. Boundary ambiguities are therefore further addressed. Third, both rendering and contrastive learning tasks contribute to consistent improvement while reducing network parameters. As a proof-of-concept, we performed validation experiments on a challenging dataset of 86 ovarian US volumes. Results show that our proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art methods and has the potential to be used in clinical practice.      
### 28.Online Optimal Control with Affine Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04891.pdf)
>  This paper considers online optimal control with affine constraints on the states and actions under linear dynamics with random disturbances. We consider convex stage cost functions that change adversarially. Besides, we consider time-invariant and known system dynamics and constraints. To solve this problem, we propose Online Gradient Descent with Buffer Zone (OGD-BZ). Theoretically, we show that OGD-BZ can guarantee the system to satisfy all the constraints despite any realization of the disturbances under proper parameters. Further, we investigate the policy regret of OGD-BZ, which compares OGD-BZ's performance with the performance of the optimal linear policy in hindsight. We show that OGD-BZ can achieve $\tilde O(\sqrt T)$ policy regret under proper parameters, where $\tilde O(\cdot)$ absorbs logarithmic terms of $T$.      
### 29.Impact Evaluation of Falsified Data Attacks on Connected Vehicle Based Traffic Signal Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04753.pdf)
>  Connected vehicle (CV) technology enables data exchange between vehicles and transportation infrastructure and therefore has great potentials to improve current traffic signal control systems. However, this connectivity might also bring cyber security concerns. As the first step in investigating the cyber security of CV-based traffic signal control (CV-TSC) systems, potential cyber threats need to be identified and corresponding impact needs to be evaluated. In this paper, we aim to evaluate the impact of cyber attacks on CV-TSC systems by considering a realistic attack scenario in which the control logic of a CV-TSC system is unavailable to attackers. Our threat model presumes that an attacker may learn the control logic using a surrogate model. Based on the surrogate model, the attacker may launch falsified data attacks to influence signal control decisions. In the case study, we realistically evaluate the impact of falsified data attacks on an existing CV-TSC system (i.e., I-SIG).      
### 30.Compensated Convex Based Transforms for Image Processing and Shape Interrogation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04720.pdf)
>  This paper reviews some recent applications of the theory of the compensated convex transforms or of the proximity hull as developed by the authors to image processing and shape interrogation with special attention given to the Hausdorff stability and multiscale properties. The paper contains also numerical experiments that demonstrate the performance of our methods compared to the state-of-art ones.      
### 31.SLIP: Learning to Predict in Unknown Dynamical Systems with Long-Term Memory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05899.pdf)
>  We present an efficient and practical (polynomial time) algorithm for online prediction in unknown and partially observed linear dynamical systems (LDS) under stochastic noise. When the system parameters are known, the optimal linear predictor is the Kalman filter. However, the performance of existing predictive models is poor in important classes of LDS that are only marginally stable and exhibit long-term forecast memory. We tackle this problem through bounding the generalized Kolmogorov width of the Kalman filter model by spectral methods and conducting tight convex relaxation. We provide a finite-sample analysis, showing that our algorithm competes with Kalman filter in hindsight with only logarithmic regret. Our regret analysis relies on Mendelson's small-ball method, providing sharp error bounds without concentration, boundedness, or exponential forgetting assumptions. We also give experimental results demonstrating that our algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Our theoretical and experimental results shed light on the conditions required for efficient probably approximately correct (PAC) learning of the Kalman filter from partially observed data.      
### 32.Spherical Convolutional Neural Networks: Stability to Perturbations in SO(3)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05865.pdf)
>  Spherical signals are useful mathematical models for data arising in many 3-D applications such as LIDAR images, panorama cameras, and optical scanners. Successful processing of spherical signals entails architectures capable of exploiting their inherent data structure. In particular, spherical convolutional neural networks (Spherical CNNs) have shown promising performance in shape analysis and object recognition. In this paper, we focus on analyzing the properties that Spherical CNNs exhibit as they pertain to the rotational structure present in spherical signals. More specifically, we prove that they are equivariant to rotations and stable to rotation diffeomorphisms. These two properties illustrate how Spherical CNNs exploit the rotational structure of spherical signals, thus offering good generalization and faster learning. We corroborate these properties through controlled numerical experiments.      
### 33.Conditioning Trick for Training Stable GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05844.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a conditioning trick, called difference departure from normality, applied on the generator network in response to instability issues during GAN training. We force the generator to get closer to the departure from normality function of real samples computed in the spectral domain of Schur decomposition. This binding makes the generator amenable to truncation and does not limit exploring all the possible modes. We slightly modify the BigGAN architecture incorporating residual network for synthesizing 2D representations of audio signals which enables reconstructing high quality sounds with some preserved phase information. Additionally, the proposed conditional training scenario makes a trade-off between fidelity and variety for the generated spectrograms. The experimental results on UrbanSound8k and ESC-50 environmental sound datasets and the Mozilla common voice dataset have shown that the proposed GAN configuration with the conditioning trick remarkably outperforms baseline architectures, according to three objective metrics: inception score, Frechet inception distance, and signal-to-noise ratio.      
### 34.Hybrid Vehicular and Cloud Distributed Computing: A Case for Cooperative Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05693.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose the use of hybrid offloading of computing tasks simultaneously to edge servers (vertical offloading) via LTE communication and to nearby cars (horizontal offloading) via V2V communication, in order to increase the rate at which tasks are processed compared to local processing. Our main contribution is an optimized resource assignment and scheduling framework for hybrid offloading of computing tasks. The framework optimally utilizes the computational resources in the edge and in the micro cloud, while taking into account communication constraints and task requirements. While cooperative perception is the primary use case of our framework, the framework is applicable to other cooperative vehicular applications with high computing demand and significant transmission overhead. The framework is tested in a simulated environment built on top of car traces and communication rates exported from the Veins vehicular networking simulator. We observe a significant increase in the processing rate of cooperative perception sensor frames when hybrid offloading with optimized resource assignment is adopted. Furthermore, the processing rate increases with V2V connectivity as more computing tasks can be offloaded horizontally.      
### 35.A Novel Strategy for COVID-19 Classification from Chest X-ray Images Using Deep Stacked-Ensembles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05690.pdf)
>  The issue of COVID-19, increasing notably with a massive mortality rate has led to the WHO declaring it as a pandemic. The unavailability of an antiviral drug has also led to dismay world-wide. The diagnostic tests are performed by collecting samples inserting a swab into the nasal or oral cavity. These collected samples and then sent to laboratories for viral-tests. Recently, chest radiographs are used to observe the proportion of virus in the lungs at various section-scans. As laboratory testing is time-consuming with a lot of human effort, diagnosis using chest radiographs is considered to be a befitting choice. In this research, a stacked-ensemble model is designed to classify whether a patient is infected with COVID-19, viral-pneumonia or has a healthy profile by considering chest X-ray images. A lot of complications were observed from existing literature in classifying COVID-19 radiographic images and are eliminated using our methodology. A training algorithm is constructed to speed up the training process which acquired good generalisations. The proposed model resulted in state-of-the-art outcomes with an accuracy score of 99.48% for binary classification and 97.4% for tri-class classification. Additionally, visualisations are illustrated for a detailed comprehension of the model's perception for the information provided to it.      
### 36.End-to-End Deep Learning for Reliable Cardiac Activity Monitoring using Seismocardiograms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05662.pdf)
>  Continuous monitoring of cardiac activity is paramount to understanding the functioning of the heart in addition to identifying precursors to conditions such as Atrial Fibrillation. Through continuous cardiac monitoring, early indications of any potential disorder can be detected before the actual event, allowing timely preventive measures to be taken. Electrocardiography (ECG) is an established standard for monitoring the function of the heart for clinical and non-clinical applications, but its electrode-based implementation makes it cumbersome, especially for uninterrupted monitoring. Hence we propose SeismoNet, a Deep Convolutional Neural Network which aims to provide an end-to-end solution to robustly observe heart activity from Seismocardiogram (SCG) signals. These SCG signals are motion-based and can be acquired in an easy, user-friendly fashion. Furthermore, the use of deep learning enables the detection of R-peaks directly from SCG signals in spite of their noise-ridden morphology and obviates the need for extracting hand-crafted features. SeismoNet was modelled on the publicly available CEBS dataset and achieved a high overall Sensitivity and Positive Predictive Value of 0.98 and 0.98 respectively.      
### 37.HiFi-GAN: Generative Adversarial Networks for Efficient and High Fidelity Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05646.pdf)
>  Several recent studies on speech synthesis have employed generative adversarial networks (GANs) to produce raw waveforms. Although such methods improve the sampling efficiency and memory usage, their sample quality has not yet reached that of autoregressive and flow-based generative models. In this study, we propose HiFi-GAN, which achieves both efficient and high-fidelity speech synthesis. As speech audio consists of sinusoidal signals with various periods, we demonstrate that modeling periodic patterns of an audio is crucial for enhancing sample quality. A subjective human evaluation (mean opinion score, MOS) of a single speaker dataset indicates that our proposed method demonstrates similarity to human quality while generating 22.05 kHz high-fidelity audio 167.9 times faster than real-time on a single V100 GPU. We further show the generality of HiFi-GAN to the mel-spectrogram inversion of unseen speakers and end-to-end speech synthesis. Finally, a small footprint version of HiFi-GAN generates samples 13.4 times faster than real time on CPU with comparable quality to an autoregressive counterpart.      
### 38.Transmit Covariance and Waveform Optimization for Non-orthogonal CP-FBMA System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05530.pdf)
>  Filter bank multiple access (FBMA) without subbands orthogonality has been proposed as a new candidate waveform to better meet the requirements of future wireless communication systems and scenarios. It has the ability to process directly the complex symbols without any fancy preprocessing. Along with the usage of cyclic prefix (CP) and wide-banded subband design, CP-FBMA can further improve the peak-to-average power ratio and bit error rate performance while reducing the length of filters. However, the potential gain of removing the orthogonality constraint on the subband filters in the system has not been fully exploited from the perspective of waveform design, which inspires us to optimize the subband filters for CP-FBMA system to maximizing the achievable rate. Besides, we propose a joint optimization algorithm to optimize both the waveform and the covariance matrices iteratively. Furthermore, the joint optimization algorithm can meet the requirements of filter design in practical applications in which the available spectrum consists of several isolated bandwidth parts. Both general framework and detailed derivation of the algorithms are presented. Simulation results show that the algorithms converge after only a few iterations and can improve the sum rate dramatically while reducing the transmission delay of information symbols.      
### 39.The "Sound of Silence" in EEG -- Cognitive voice activity detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05497.pdf)
>  Speech cognition bears potential application as a brain computer interface that can improve the quality of life for the otherwise communication impaired people. While speech and resting state EEG are popularly studied, here we attempt to explore a "non-speech"(NS) state of brain activity corresponding to the silence regions of speech audio. Firstly, speech perception is studied to inspect the existence of such a state, followed by its identification in speech imagination. Analogous to how voice activity detection is employed to enhance the performance of speech recognition, the EEG state activity detection protocol implemented here is applied to boost the confidence of imagined speech EEG decoding. Classification of speech and NS state is done using two datasets collected from laboratory-based and commercial-based devices. The state sequential information thus obtained is further utilized to reduce the search space of imagined EEG unit recognition. Temporal signal structures and topographic maps of NS states are visualized across subjects and sessions. The recognition performance and the visual distinction observed demonstrates the existence of silence signatures in EEG.      
### 40.Discriminative Sounding Objects Localization via Self-supervised Audiovisual Matching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05466.pdf)
>  Discriminatively localizing sounding objects in cocktail-party, i.e., mixed sound scenes, is commonplace for humans, but still challenging for machines. In this paper, we propose a two-stage learning framework to perform self-supervised class-aware sounding object localization. First, we propose to learn robust object representations by aggregating the candidate sound localization results in the single source scenes. Then, class-aware object localization maps are generated in the cocktail-party scenarios by referring the pre-learned object knowledge, and the sounding objects are accordingly selected by matching audio and visual object category distributions, where the audiovisual consistency is viewed as the self-supervised signal. Experimental results in both realistic and synthesized cocktail-party videos demonstrate that our model is superior in filtering out silent objects and pointing out the location of sounding objects of different classes. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DTaoo/Discriminative-Sounding-Objects-Localization" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 41.A DRL-based Multiagent Cooperative Control Framework for CAV Networks: a Graphic Convolution Q Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05437.pdf)
>  Connected Autonomous Vehicle (CAV) Network can be defined as a collection of CAVs operating at different locations on a multilane corridor, which provides a platform to facilitate the dissemination of operational information as well as control instructions. Cooperation is crucial in CAV operating systems since it can greatly enhance operation in terms of safety and mobility, and high-level cooperation between CAVs can be expected by jointly plan and control within CAV network. However, due to the highly dynamic and combinatory nature such as dynamic number of agents (CAVs) and exponentially growing joint action space in a multiagent driving task, achieving cooperative control is NP hard and cannot be governed by any simple rule-based methods. In addition, existing literature contains abundant information on autonomous driving's sensing technology and control logic but relatively little guidance on how to fuse the information acquired from collaborative sensing and build decision processor on top of fused information. In this paper, a novel Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) based approach combining Graphic Convolution Neural Network (GCN) and Deep Q Network (DQN), namely Graphic Convolution Q network (GCQ) is proposed as the information fusion module and decision processor. The proposed model can aggregate the information acquired from collaborative sensing and output safe and cooperative lane changing decisions for multiple CAVs so that individual intention can be satisfied even under a highly dynamic and partially observed mixed traffic. The proposed algorithm can be deployed on centralized control infrastructures such as road-side units (RSU) or cloud platforms to improve the CAV operation.      
### 42.Leveraging the Capabilities of Connected and Autonomous Vehicles and Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning to Mitigate Highway Bottleneck Congestion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05436.pdf)
>  Active Traffic Management strategies are often adopted in real-time to address such sudden flow breakdowns. When queuing is imminent, Speed Harmonization (SH), which adjusts speeds in upstream traffic to mitigate traffic showckwaves downstream, can be applied. However, because SH depends on driver awareness and compliance, it may not always be effective in mitigating congestion. The use of multiagent reinforcement learning for collaborative learning, is a promising solution to this challenge. By incorporating this technique in the control algorithms of connected and autonomous vehicle (CAV), it may be possible to train the CAVs to make joint decisions that can mitigate highway bottleneck congestion without human driver compliance to altered speed limits. In this regard, we present an RL-based multi-agent CAV control model to operate in mixed traffic (both CAVs and human-driven vehicles (HDVs)). The results suggest that even at CAV percent share of corridor traffic as low as 10%, CAVs can significantly mitigate bottlenecks in highway traffic. Another objective was to assess the efficacy of the RL-based controller vis--vis that of the rule-based controller. In addressing this objective, we duly recognize that one of the main challenges of RL-based CAV controllers is the variety and complexity of inputs that exist in the real world, such as the information provided to the CAV by other connected entities and sensed information. These translate as dynamic length inputs which are difficult to process and learn from. For this reason, we propose the use of Graphical Convolution Networks (GCN), a specific RL technique, to preserve information network topology and corresponding dynamic length inputs. We then use this, combined with Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient (DDPG), to carry out multi-agent training for congestion mitigation using the CAV controllers.      
### 43.AI Song Contest: Human-AI Co-Creation in Songwriting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05388.pdf)
>  Machine learning is challenging the way we make music. Although research in deep generative models has dramatically improved the capability and fluency of music models, recent work has shown that it can be challenging for humans to partner with this new class of algorithms. In this paper, we present findings on what 13 musician/developer teams, a total of 61 users, needed when co-creating a song with AI, the challenges they faced, and how they leveraged and repurposed existing characteristics of AI to overcome some of these challenges. Many teams adopted modular approaches, such as independently running multiple smaller models that align with the musical building blocks of a song, before re-combining their results. As ML models are not easily steerable, teams also generated massive numbers of samples and curated them post-hoc, or used a range of strategies to direct the generation, or algorithmically ranked the samples. Ultimately, teams not only had to manage the "flare and focus" aspects of the creative process, but also juggle them with a parallel process of exploring and curating multiple ML models and outputs. These findings reflect a need to design machine learning-powered music interfaces that are more decomposable, steerable, interpretable, and adaptive, which in return will enable artists to more effectively explore how AI can extend their personal expression.      
### 44.Theoretical and practical challenges of using three ammeter or tree voltmeter methods in teaching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05246.pdf)
>  The tree ammeter method and the three voltmeter method are used for measurements of power. More specifically, they are used to calculate the power factor of a specific load. Both methods are used on the Fundamentals of electrical engineering course in professional study of electrical engineering at the Zagreb University of Applied Sciences as an introduction to measurements of power and phasor arithmetic. Both methods are susceptible to accuracy problems caused by small errors in measuring devices. These accuracy problems in specific scenarios that were used during the course presented an opportunity to educate students on the difference of theory and its practical application. This paper examines our solution to the perceived accuracy problems and discusses the changes that were made in course material and teaching methods to highlight the difference between theory and practice.      
### 45.Joint Transceiver and Large Intelligent Surface Design for Massive MIMO MmWave Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05188.pdf)
>  Large intelligent surface (LIS) has recently emerged as a potential low-cost solution to reshape the wireless propagation environment for improving the spectral efficiency. In this paper, we consider a downlink millimeter-wave (mmWave) multiple-input-multiple-output (MIMO) system, where an LIS is deployed to assist the downlink data transmission from a base station (BS) to a user equipment (UE). Both the BS and the UE are equipped with a large number of antennas, and a hybrid analog/digital precoding/combining structure is used to reduce the hardware cost and energy consumption. We aim to maximize the spectral efficiency by jointly optimizing the LIS's reflection coefficients and the hybrid precoder (combiner) at the BS (UE). To tackle this non-convex problem, we reformulate the complex optimization problem into a much more friendly optimization problem by exploiting the inherent structure of the effective (cascade) mmWave channel. A manifold optimization (MO)-based algorithm is then developed. Simulation results show that by carefully devising LIS's reflection coefficients, our proposed method can help realize a favorable propagation environment with a small channel matrix condition number. Besides, it can achieve a performance comparable to those of state-of-the-art algorithms, while at a much lower computational complexity.      
### 46.fairseq S2T: Fast Speech-to-Text Modeling with fairseq  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05171.pdf)
>  We introduce fairseq S2T, a fairseq extension for speech-to-text (S2T) modeling tasks such as end-to-end speech recognition and speech-to-text translation. It follows fairseq's careful design for scalability and extensibility. We provide end-to-end workflows from data pre-processing, model training to offline (online) inference. We implement state-of-the-art RNN-based as well as Transformer-based models and open-source detailed training recipes. Fairseq's machine translation models and language models can be seamlessly integrated into S2T workflows for multi-task learning or transfer learning. Fairseq S2T documentation and examples are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq/tree/master/examples/speech_to_text" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 47.SANSCrypt: A Sporadic-Authentication-Based Sequential Logic Encryption Scheme  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05168.pdf)
>  We propose SANSCrypt, a novel sequential logic encryption scheme to protect integrated circuits against reverse engineering. Previous sequential encryption methods focus on modifying the circuit state machine such that the correct functionality can be accessed by applying the correct key sequence only once. Considering the risk associated with one-time authentication, SANSCrypt adopts a new temporal dimension to logic encryption, by requiring the user to sporadically perform multiple authentications according to a protocol based on pseudo-random number generation. Analysis and validation results on a set of benchmark circuits show that SANSCrypt offers a substantial output corruptibility if the key sequences are applied incorrectly. Moreover, it exhibits an exponential resilience to existing attacks, including SAT-based attacks, while maintaining a reasonably low overhead.      
### 48.Autonomous Vehicle Visual Signals for Pedestrians: Experiments and Design Recommendations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.05115.pdf)
>  Autonomous Vehicles (AV) will transform transportation, but also the interaction between vehicles and pedestrians. In the absence of a driver, it is not clear how an AV can communicate its intention to pedestrians. One option is to use visual signals. To advance their design, we conduct four human-participant experiments and evaluate six representative AV visual signals for visibility, intuitiveness, persuasiveness, and usability at pedestrian crossings. Based on the results, we distill twelve practical design recommendations for AV visual signals, with focus on signal pattern design and placement. Moreover, the paper advances the methodology for experimental evaluation of visual signals, including lab, closed-course, and public road tests using an autonomous vehicle. In addition, the paper also reports insights on pedestrian crosswalk behaviours and the impacts of pedestrian trust towards AVs on the behaviors. We hope that this work will constitute valuable input to the ongoing development of international standards for AV lamps, and thus help mature automated driving in general.      
### 49.A Model Compression Method with Matrix Product Operators for Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04950.pdf)
>  The deep neural network (DNN) based speech enhancement approaches have achieved promising performance. However, the number of parameters involved in these methods is usually enormous for the real applications of speech enhancement on the device with the limited resources. This seriously restricts the applications. To deal with this issue, model compression techniques are being widely studied. In this paper, we propose a model compression method based on matrix product operators (MPO) to substantially reduce the number of parameters in DNN models for speech enhancement. In this method, the weight matrices in the linear transformations of neural network model are replaced by the MPO decomposition format before training. In experiment, this process is applied to the causal neural network models, such as the feedforward multilayer perceptron (MLP) and long short-term memory (LSTM) models. Both MLP and LSTM models with/without compression are then utilized to estimate the ideal ratio mask for monaural speech enhancement. The experimental results show that our proposed MPO-based method outperforms the widely-used pruning method for speech enhancement under various compression rates, and further improvement can be achieved with respect to low compression rates. Our proposal provides an effective model compression method for speech enhancement, especially in cloud-free application.      
### 50.Narrowband Internet of Things for Non-terrestrial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04906.pdf)
>  The Narrowband Internet of Things (NB-IoT) is a cellular access technology developed by the Third Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) to provide wide area connectivity for the Internet of Things. Since its introduction in 3GPP Release 13, NB-IoT has in a few years achieved a remarkable market presence and is currently providing coverage in close to 100 countries. To further extend the reach of NB-IoT and to connect the unconnected, 3GPP Release 17 will study the feasibility of adapting NB-IoT to support non-terrestrial networks (NTNs). In this article, we review the fundamentals of NB-IoT and NTN and explain how NB-IoT can be adapted to support satellite communication through a minimal set of modifications.      
### 51.Power Spectra of Constrained Codes with Level-Based Signaling: Overcoming Finite-Length Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04878.pdf)
>  Constrained codes are used to eliminate error-prone patterns in various practical systems. Recently, we introduced efficient binary symmetric lexicographically-ordered constrained (LOCO) codes and asymmetric LOCO (A-LOCO) codes to increase density in magnetic recording systems and lifetime in Flash systems by eliminating the relevant detrimental patterns. Due to their application, LOCO and A-LOCO codes are associated with level-based signaling. Studying the power spectrum of a random signal with certain properties is principal for any storage or transmission system. In this paper, we first modify a framework from the literature in order to introduce a method to derive the power spectrum of a sequence of constrained data associated with level-based signaling. We apply our method to infinitely long sequences satisfying symmetric and asymmetric constraints. Next, we show how to generalize the method such that it works for a stream of finite-length codewords. We use the generalized method to devise closed forms for the spectra of finite-length LOCO and A-LOCO codes from their transition diagrams. Our LOCO and A-LOCO spectral derivations can be performed for any code length and can be extended to other constrained codes. We plot these power spectra, and discuss various important spectral properties for both LOCO and A-LOCO codes.      
### 52.Learning Acoustic Scattering Fields for Highly Dynamic Interactive Sound Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04865.pdf)
>  We present a novel hybrid sound propagation algorithm for interactive applications. Our approach is designed for general dynamic scenes and uses a neural network-based learned scattered field representation along with ray tracing to generate specular, diffuse, diffraction, and occlusion effects efficiently. To handle general objects, we exploit properties of the acoustic scattering field and use geometric deep learning to approximate the field using spherical harmonics. We use a large dataset for training, and compare its accuracy with the ground truth generated using an accurate wave-based solver. The additional overhead of computing the learned scattered field at runtime is small and we highlight the interactive performance by generating plausible sound effects in dynamic scenes with diffraction and occlusion effects. We demonstrate the perceptual benefits of our approach based on an audio-visual user study.      
### 53.CurbScan: Curb Detection and Tracking Using Multi-Sensor Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2010.04837.pdf)
>  Reliable curb detection is critical for safe autonomous driving in urban contexts. Curb detection and tracking are also useful in vehicle localization and path planning. Past work utilized a 3D LiDAR sensor to determine accurate distance information and the geometric attributes of curbs. However, such an approach requires dense point cloud data and is also vulnerable to false positives from obstacles present on both road and off-road areas. In this paper, we propose an approach to detect and track curbs by fusing together data from multiple sensors: sparse LiDAR data, a mono camera and low-cost ultrasonic sensors. The detection algorithm is based on a single 3D LiDAR and a mono camera sensor used to detect candidate curb features and it effectively removes false positives arising from surrounding static and moving obstacles. The detection accuracy of the tracking algorithm is boosted by using Kalman filter-based prediction and fusion with lateral distance information from low-cost ultrasonic sensors. We next propose a line-fitting algorithm that yields robust results for curb locations. Finally, we demonstrate the practical feasibility of our solution by testing in different road environments and evaluating our implementation in a real vehicle\footnote{Demo video clips demonstrating our algorithm have been uploaded to Youtube: <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5MwsdWhcy4" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>, <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gd506RklfG8" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.}. Our algorithm maintains over 90\% accuracy within 4.5-22 meters and 0-14 meters for the KITTI dataset and our dataset respectively, and its average processing time per frame is approximately 10 ms on Intel i7 x86 and 100ms on NVIDIA Xavier board.      
