# ArXiv eess --Fri, 11 Mar 2022
### 1.LiDAR Aided Future Beam Prediction in Real-World Millimeter Wave V2I Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05548.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first large-scale real-world evaluation for using LiDAR data to guide the mmWave beam prediction task. A machine learning (ML) model that leverages the LiDAR sensory data to predict the current and future beams was developed. Based on the large-scale real-world dataset, DeepSense 6G, this model was evaluated in a vehicle-to-infrastructure communication scenario with highly-mobile vehicles. The experimental results show that the developed LiDAR-aided beam prediction and tracking model can predict the optimal beam in $95\%$ of the cases and with more than $90\%$ reduction in the beam training overhead. The LiDAR-aided beam tracking achieves comparable accuracy performance to a baseline solution that has perfect knowledge of the previous optimal beams, without requiring any knowledge about the previous optimal beam information and without any need for beam calibration. This highlights a promising solution for the critical beam alignment challenges in mmWave and terahertz communication systems.      
### 2.Data-driven Abstractions with Probabilistic Guarantees for Linear PETC Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05522.pdf)
>  We employ the scenario approach to compute probably approximately correct (PAC) bounds on the average inter-sample time (AIST) generated by an unknown PETC system, based on a finite number of samples. We extend the scenario approach to multiclass SVM algorithms in order to construct a PAC map between the concrete, unknown state-space and the inter-sample times. We then build a traffic model applying an $\ell$-complete relation and find, in the underlying graph, the cycles of minimum and maximum average weight: these provide lower and upper bounds on the AIST. Numerical benchmarks show the practical applicability of our method, which is compared against model-based state-of-the-art tools.      
### 3.Widely Distributed Radar Imaging: Unmediated ADMM Based Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05495.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a novel approach to reconstruct a unique image of an observed scene with widely distributed radar sensors. The problem is posed as a constrained optimization problem in which the global image which represents the aggregate view of the sensors is a decision variable. While the problem is designed to promote a sparse solution for the global image, it is constrained such that a relationship with local images that can be reconstructed using the measurements at each sensor is respected. Two problem formulations are introduced by stipulating two different establishments of that relationship. The proposed formulations are designed according to consensus ADMM (CADMM) and sharing ADMM (SADMM), and their solutions are provided accordingly as iterative algorithms. We drive the explicit variable updates for each algorithm in addition to the recommended scheme for hybrid parallel implementation on the distributed sensors and a central processing unit. Our algorithms are validated and their performance is evaluated exploiting Civilian Vehicles Dome data-set to realize different scenarios of practical relevance. Experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms, especially in cases with limited measurements.      
### 4.IRS-enabled Breath Tracking with Colocated Commodity WiFi Transceivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05428.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRS) are a key enabler of various new applications in 6G smart radio environments. By utilizing an IRS prototype system, this paper aims to enhance self-interference (SI) cancellation for breath tracking with commodity WiFi devices. SI suppression is a crucial requirement for breath tracking with a single antenna site as the SI severely limits the radio sensing range by shadowing the received signal with its own transmit signal. To this end, we propose to assist SI cancellation by exploiting an IRS to form a suitable cancellation signal in the analog domain. Building upon a 256-element IRS prototype, we present results of breath tracking with IRS-assisted SI cancellation from a practical testbed. We use inexpensive WiFi hardware to extract the Channel State Information (CSI) in the 5~GHz band and analyze the phase change between a colocated transmitter and receiver with added local oscillator (LO) synchronization. We are able to track the breath of a test person regardless of the position in an indoor environment in a room-level range. The presented case study shows promising performance in both capturing the breath frequency as well as the breathing patterns.      
### 5.Simultaneous Transmission and Reflection Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Assisted Full-Duplex Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05411.pdf)
>  This work demonstrates the effectiveness of a novel simultaneous transmission and reflection reconfigurable intelligent surface (STAR-RIS) in Full-Duplex (FD) aided communication system. The objective is to minimize the total transmit power by jointly designing the transmit power and the transmitting and reflecting (T&amp;R) coefficients of the STAR-RIS. To solve the nonconvex problem, an efficient algorithm is proposed by utilizing the alternating optimization framework to iteratively optimize variables. Specifically, in each iteration, we drive the closed-form expression for the optimal power design. The successive convex approximation (SCA) method and semidefinite program (SDP) are used to solve the passive beamforming optimization problem. Numerical results verify the convergence and effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, and further reveal in which scenarios STARRIS assisted FD communication defeats the HD and conventional RIS.      
### 6.KSoF: The Kassel State of Fluency Dataset -- A Therapy Centered Dataset of Stuttering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05383.pdf)
>  Stuttering is a complex speech disorder that negatively affects an individual's ability to communicate effectively. Persons who stutter (PWS) often suffer considerably under the condition and seek help through therapy. Fluency shaping is a therapy approach where PWSs learn to modify their speech to help them to overcome their stutter. Mastering such speech techniques takes time and practice, even after therapy. Shortly after therapy, success is evaluated highly, but relapse rates are high. To be able to monitor speech behavior over a long time, the ability to detect stuttering events and modifications in speech could help PWSs and speech pathologists to track the level of fluency. Monitoring could create the ability to intervene early by detecting lapses in fluency. To the best of our knowledge, no public dataset is available that contains speech from people who underwent stuttering therapy that changed the style of speaking. This work introduces the Kassel State of Fluency (KSoF), a therapy-based dataset containing over 5500 clips of PWSs. The clips were labeled with six stuttering-related event types: blocks, prolongations, sound repetitions, word repetitions, interjections, and - specific to therapy - speech modifications. The audio was recorded during therapy sessions at the Institut der Kasseler Stottertherapie. The data will be made available for research purposes upon request.      
### 7.Scalable Security Investment Methods for Voltage Stability of Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05377.pdf)
>  We develop investment approaches to secure electric power systems against load attacks that may cause voltage instability. The attacker attempts to alter the reactive power setpoints of the loads covertly and intelligently to reduce the voltage stability margin of the grid. The defender, or the system operator, aims to compensate for this reduction by retuning the reactive power dispatch of control devices such as shunt capacitor banks. The question is: how much financial investment should the attacker and the defender plan for to succeed in their respective objectives? To address this question, we formulate a cost-based Stackelberg game, where the defender is aware of the attacker's budget, and a robust-defense sequential algorithm for the realistic case when the defender is not fully informed about the attacker's resources. We demonstrate that these methods operate reliably under time-varying load uncertainties. To provide scalability to large-scale power system models, we develop a genetic algorithm where both players evolve their candidate solutions in opposite directions simultaneously. Finally, the proposed methods are validated using IEEE prototype models, demonstrating that reliable and robust defense is feasible unless the defender's resources are severely limited relative to the attacker's resources.      
### 8.On Robustness in Optimization-Based Constrained Iterative Learning Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05291.pdf)
>  Iterative learning control (ILC) is a control strategy for repetitive tasks wherein information from previous runs is leveraged to improve future performance. Optimization-based ILC (OB-ILC) is a powerful design framework for constrained ILC where measurements from the process are integrated into an optimization algorithm to provide robustness against noise and modelling error. This paper proposes a robust ILC controller for constrained linear processes based on the forward-backward splitting algorithm. It demonstrates how structured uncertainty information can be leveraged to ensure constraint satisfaction and provides a rigorous stability analysis in the iteration domain by combining concepts from monotone operator theory and robust control. Numerical simulations of a precision motion stage support the theoretical results.      
### 9.Regret-Matching Learning-Based Task Assignment in Vehicular Edge Computing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05281.pdf)
>  Vehicular edge computing has recently been proposed to support computation-intensive applications in Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) such as augmented reality and autonomous driving. Despite recent progress in this area, significant challenges remain to efficiently allocate limited computation resources to a range of time-critical ITS tasks. Toward this end, the current paper develops a new task assignment scheme for vehicles in a highway scenario. Because of the high speed of vehicles and the limited communication range of road side units (RSUs), the computation tasks of participating vehicles are to be migrated across multiple servers. We formulate a binary nonlinear programming (BNLP) problem of assigning computation tasks from vehicles to RSUs and a macrocell base station. To deal with the potentially large size of the formulated optimization problem, we develop a distributed multi-agent regret-matching learning algorithm. Based on the regret minimization principle, the proposed algorithm employs a forgetting method that allows the learning process to quickly adapt to and effectively handle the high mobility feature of vehicle networks. We theoretically prove that it converges to the correlated equilibrium solutions of the considered BNLP problem. Simulation results with practical parameter settings show that the proposed algorithm offers the lowest total delay and cost of processing tasks. Importantly, our algorithm converges much faster than existing methods as the problem size grows, demonstrating its clear advantage in large-scale vehicular networks.      
### 10.Echo-enabled Direction-of-Arrival and range estimation of a mobile source in Ambisonic domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05265.pdf)
>  Range estimation of a far field sound source in a reverberant environment is known to be a notoriously difficult problem, hence most localization methods are only capable of estimating the source's Direction-of-Arrival (DoA). In an earlier work, we have demonstrated that, under certain restrictive acoustic conditions and given the orientation of a reflecting surface, one can exploit the dominant acoustic reflection to evaluate the DoA \emph{and} the distance to a static sound source in Ambisonic domain. In this article, we leverage the recently presented Generalized Time-domain Velocity Vector (GTVV) representation to estimate these quantities for a moving sound source without an a priori knowledge of reflectors' orientations. We show that the trajectories of a moving source and the corresponding reflections are spatially and temporally related, which can be used to infer the absolute delay of the propagating source signal and, therefore, approximate the microphone-to-source distance. Experiments on real sound data confirm the validity of the proposed approach.      
### 11.Data-Folding and Hyperspace Coding for Multi-Dimensonal Time-Series Data Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05235.pdf)
>  Time-series classification and prediction are widely used in many applications. However, traditional machine learning algorithms, due to their limitations, have difficulty improving the performance of time-series classification and prediction. Inspired by the recent successes of the deep learning technology in computer vision, we develop a new time-series image encoding method for data reconstruction. Featuring data-folding and hyperspace coding this method breaks the barriers between time-series signals and images and establishes a close relationship between them, allowing effective application of the deep learning technology for time-series data. Besides a raw data coding method, we also present other four extended coding methods for other potential applications. For comparison purposes, we present the results of the five different types of image coding methods with our previous keystroke recognition datasets. The results show that our method can achieve an impressive accuracy of 96.27% when RGB coding images are used, and an accuracy of up to 97.33% when using radon coding way. We can expect that this method can also be used and perform well in other classification and prediction applications.      
### 12.NOMA-enabled Backscatter Communications for Green Transportation in Automotive-Industry 5.0  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05152.pdf)
>  Automotive-Industry 5.0 will use emerging 6G communications to provide robust, computationally intelligent, and energy-efficient data sharing among various onboard sensors, vehicles, and other Intelligent Transportation System (ITS) entities. Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access (NOMA) and backscatter communications are two key techniques of 6G communications for enhanced spectrum and energy efficiency. In this paper, we provide an introduction to green transportation and also discuss the advantages of using backscatter communications and NOMA in Automotive Industry 5.0. We also briefly review the recent work in the area of NOMA empowered backscatter communications. We discuss different use cases of backscatter communications in NOMA-enabled 6G vehicular networks. We also propose a multi-cell optimization framework to maximize the energy efficiency of the backscatter-enabled NOMA vehicular network. In particular, we jointly optimize the transmit power of the roadside unit and the reflection coefficient of the backscatter device in each cell, where several practical constraints are also taken into account. The problem of energy efficiency is formulated as nonconvex which is hard to solve directly. Thus, first, we adopt the Dinkelbach method to transform the objective function into a subtractive one, then we decouple the problem into two subproblems. Second, we employ dual theory and KKT conditions to obtain efficient solutions. Finally, we highlight some open issues and future research opportunities related to NOMA-enabled backscatter communications in 6G vehicular networks.      
### 13.Efficient Topology Assessment for Integrated Transmission and Distribution Network with 10,000+ Inverter-based Resources  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05148.pdf)
>  The renewable energy proliferation calls upon the grid operators and planners to systematically evaluate the potential impacts of distributed energy resources (DERs). Considering the significant differences between various inverter-based resources (IBRs), especially the different capabilities between grid-forming inverters and grid-following inverters, it is crucial to develop an efficient and effective assessment procedure besides available co-simulation framework with high computation burdens. This paper presents a streamlined graph-based topology assessment for the integrated power system transmission and distribution networks. Graph analyses were performed based on the integrated graph of modified miniWECC grid model and IEEE 8500-node test feeder model, high performance computing platform with 40 nodes and total 2400 CPUs has been utilized to process this integrated graph, which has 100,000+ nodes and 10,000+ IBRs. The node ranking results not only verified the applicability of the proposed method, but also revealed the potential of distributed grid forming (GFM) and grid following (GFL) inverters interacting with the centralized power plants.      
### 14.Action-Constrained Reinforcement Learning for Frame-Level Bit Allocation in HEVC/H.265 through Frank-Wolfe Policy Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05127.pdf)
>  This paper presents a reinforcement learning (RL) framework that leverages Frank-Wolfe policy optimization to address frame-level bit allocation for HEVC/H.265. Most previous RL-based approaches adopt the single-critic design, which weights the rewards for distortion minimization and rate regularization by an empirically chosen hyper-parameter. More recently, the dual-critic design is proposed to update the actor network by alternating the rate and distortion critics. However, the convergence of training is not guaranteed. To address this issue, we introduce Neural Frank-Wolfe Policy Optimization (NFWPO) in formulating the frame-level bit allocation as an action-constrained RL problem. In this new framework, the rate critic serves to specify a feasible action set, and the distortion critic updates the actor network towards maximizing the reconstruction quality while conforming to the action constraint. Experimental results show that when trained to optimize the video multi-method assessment fusion (VMAF) metric, our NFWPO-based model outperforms both the single-critic and the dual-critic methods. It also demonstrates comparable rate-distortion performance to the 2-pass average bit rate control of x265.      
### 15.A Lifted $\ell_1 $ Framework for Sparse Recovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05125.pdf)
>  Motivated by re-weighted $\ell_1$ approaches for sparse recovery, we propose a lifted $\ell_1$ (LL1) regularization which is a generalized form of several popular regularizations in the literature. By exploring such connections, we discover there are two types of lifting functions which can guarantee that the proposed approach is equivalent to the $\ell_0$ minimization. Computationally, we design an efficient algorithm via the alternating direction method of multiplier (ADMM) and establish the convergence for an unconstrained formulation. Experimental results are presented to demonstrate how this generalization improves sparse recovery over the state-of-the-art.      
### 16.False Data Injection Attack on Electric Vehicle-Assisted Voltage Regulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05087.pdf)
>  With the large scale penetration of electric vehicles (EVs) and the advent of bidirectional chargers, EV aggregators will become a major player in the voltage regulation market. This paper proposes a novel false data injection attack (FDIA) against the voltage regulation capacity estimation of EV charging stations, the process that underpins voltage regulation in distribution system. The proposed FDIA takes into account the uncertainty in EV mobility and network conditions. The attack vector with the largest expected adverse impact is the solution of a stochastic optimization problem subject to a constraint that ensures it can bypass bad data detection. We show that this attack vector can be determined by solving a sequence of convex quadratically constrained linear programs. The case studies examined in a co-simulation platform, based on two standard test feeders, reveal the vulnerability of the voltage regulation capacity estimation.      
### 17.Natural Gas Short-Term Operation Problem with Dynamics: A Rank Minimization Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05080.pdf)
>  Natural gas-fired generation units can hedge against the volatility in the uncertain renewable generation, which may occur during very short periods. It is crucial to utilize models capable of correctly capturing the natural gas network dynamics induced by the volatile demand of gas-fired units. The Weymouth equation is commonly implemented in literature to avoid dealing with the mathematical complications of solving the original governing differential equations of the natural gas dynamics. However, it is shown in this paper that this approach is not reliable in the short-term operation problem. Here, the merit of the non-convex transient model is compared with the simplified Weymouth equation, and the drawbacks of employing the Weymouth equation are illustrated. The results demonstrate how changes in the natural gas demand are met by adjustment in the pressure within pipelines rather than the output of natural gas suppliers. This work presents a convex relaxation scheme for the original non-linear and non-convex natural gas flow equations with dynamics, utilizing a rank minimization approach to ensure the tightness. The proposed method renders a computationally efficient framework that can accurately solve the non-convex non-linear gas operation problem and accurately capture its dynamics. Also, the results suggest that the proposed model improves the solution optimality and solution time compared to the original non-linear non-convex model. Finally, the scalability of the proposed approach is verified in the case study.      
### 18.Radar-based Respiratory Rate Monitoring in Standing Position  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05075.pdf)
>  Estimating human vital signs in a contactless non-invasive method using radar provides a convenient method in the medical field to conduct several health checkups easily and quickly. In addition to monitoring while sitting and sleeping, the standing position has aroused interest for both the industrial and medical fields. However, it is more challenging due to the micro motions induced by the body for balancing that may cause false respiratory rate estimation. In this work, we focus on the measurement of the respiratory rate of a standing person accurately with the capability of heavy breath detection and estimation. Multiple estimation approaches are presented and compared, including spectral estimation, deep-learning-based approaches, and adaptive peak selection with Kalman filtering. The latest technique is showing the best performance with an absolute error rate of 1.5 bpm, when compared to a Vernier Go Direct\textsuperscript{\textregistered} respiration belt.      
### 19.Learning to control from expert demonstrations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05012.pdf)
>  In this paper, we revisit the problem of learning a stabilizing controller from a finite number of demonstrations by an expert. By first focusing on feedback linearizable systems, we show how to combine expert demonstrations into a stabilizing controller, provided that demonstrations are sufficiently long and there are at least $n+1$ of them, where $n$ is the number of states of the system being controlled. When we have more than $n+1$ demonstrations, we discuss how to optimally choose the best $n+1$ demonstrations to construct the stabilizing controller. We then extend these results to a class of systems that can be embedded into a higher-dimensional system containing a chain of integrators. The feasibility of the proposed algorithm is demonstrated by applying it on a CrazyFlie 2.0 quadrotor.      
### 20.UNeXt: MLP-based Rapid Medical Image Segmentation Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04967.pdf)
>  UNet and its latest extensions like TransUNet have been the leading medical image segmentation methods in recent years. However, these networks cannot be effectively adopted for rapid image segmentation in point-of-care applications as they are parameter-heavy, computationally complex and slow to use. To this end, we propose UNeXt which is a Convolutional multilayer perceptron (MLP) based network for image segmentation. We design UNeXt in an effective way with an early convolutional stage and a MLP stage in the latent stage. We propose a tokenized MLP block where we efficiently tokenize and project the convolutional features and use MLPs to model the representation. To further boost the performance, we propose shifting the channels of the inputs while feeding in to MLPs so as to focus on learning local dependencies. Using tokenized MLPs in latent space reduces the number of parameters and computational complexity while being able to result in a better representation to help segmentation. The network also consists of skip connections between various levels of encoder and decoder. We test UNeXt on multiple medical image segmentation datasets and show that we reduce the number of parameters by 72x, decrease the computational complexity by 68x, and improve the inference speed by 10x while also obtaining better segmentation performance over the state-of-the-art medical image segmentation architectures. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jeya-maria-jose/UNeXt-pytorch" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 21.Metastatic Cancer Outcome Prediction with Injective Multiple Instance Pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04964.pdf)
>  Cancer stage is a large determinant of patient prognosis and management in many cancer types, and is often assessed using medical imaging modalities, such as CT and MRI. These medical images contain rich information that can be explored to stratify patients within each stage group to further improve prognostic algorithms. Although the majority of cancer deaths result from metastatic and multifocal disease, building imaging biomarkers for patients with multiple tumors has been a challenging task due to the lack of annotated datasets and standard study framework. In this paper, we process two public datasets to set up a benchmark cohort of 341 patient in total for studying outcome prediction of multifocal metastatic cancer. We identify the lack of expressiveness in common multiple instance classification networks and propose two injective multiple instance pooling functions that are better suited to outcome prediction. Our results show that multiple instance learning with injective pooling functions can achieve state-of-the-art performance in the non-small-cell lung cancer CT and head and neck CT outcome prediction benchmarking tasks. We will release the processed multifocal datasets, our code and the intermediate files i.e. extracted radiomic features to support further transparent and reproducible research.      
### 22.Neural Data-Dependent Transform for Learned Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04963.pdf)
>  Learned image compression has achieved great success due to its excellent modeling capacity, but seldom further considers the Rate-Distortion Optimization (RDO) of each input image. To explore this potential in the learned codec, we make the first attempt to build a neural data-dependent transform and introduce a continuous online mode decision mechanism to jointly optimize the coding efficiency for each individual image. Specifically, apart from the image content stream, we employ an additional model stream to generate the transform parameters at the decoder side. The presence of a model stream enables our model to learn more abstract neural-syntax, which helps cluster the latent representations of images more compactly. Beyond the transform stage, we also adopt neural-syntax based post-processing for the scenarios that require higher quality reconstructions regardless of extra decoding overhead. Moreover, the involvement of the model stream further makes it possible to optimize both the representation and the decoder in an online way, i.e. RDO at the testing time. It is equivalent to a continuous online mode decision, like coding modes in the traditional codecs, to improve the coding efficiency based on the individual input image. The experimental results show the effectiveness of the proposed neural-syntax design and the continuous online mode decision mechanism, demonstrating the superiority of our method in coding efficiency compared to the latest conventional standard Versatile Video Coding (VVC) and other state-of-the-art learning-based methods.      
### 23.Learning the Degradation Distribution for Blind Image Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04962.pdf)
>  Synthetic high-resolution (HR) \&amp; low-resolution (LR) pairs are widely used in existing super-resolution (SR) methods. To avoid the domain gap between synthetic and test images, most previous methods try to adaptively learn the synthesizing (degrading) process via a deterministic model. However, some degradations in real scenarios are stochastic and cannot be determined by the content of the image. These deterministic models may fail to model the random factors and content-independent parts of degradations, which will limit the performance of the following SR models. In this paper, we propose a probabilistic degradation model (PDM), which studies the degradation $\mathbf{D}$ as a random variable, and learns its distribution by modeling the mapping from a priori random variable $\mathbf{z}$ to $\mathbf{D}$. Compared with previous deterministic degradation models, PDM could model more diverse degradations and generate HR-LR pairs that may better cover the various degradations of test images, and thus prevent the SR model from over-fitting to specific ones. Extensive experiments have demonstrated that our degradation model can help the SR model achieve better performance on different datasets. The source codes are released at \url{git@github.com:greatlog/UnpairedSR.git}.      
### 24.Sharing Generative Models Instead of Private Data: A Simulation Study on Mammography Patch Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04961.pdf)
>  Early detection of breast cancer in mammography screening via deep-learning based computer-aided detection systems shows promising potential in improving the curability and mortality rates of breast cancer. However, many clinical centres are restricted in the amount and heterogeneity of available data to train such models to (i) achieve promising performance and to (ii) generalise well across acquisition protocols and domains. As sharing data between centres is restricted due to patient privacy concerns, we propose a potential solution: sharing trained generative models between centres as substitute for real patient data. In this work, we use three well known mammography datasets to simulate three different centres, where one centre receives the trained generator of Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs) from the two remaining centres in order to augment the size and heterogeneity of its training dataset. We evaluate the utility of this approach on mammography patch classification on the test set of the GAN-receiving centre using two different classification models, (a) a convolutional neural network and (b) a transformer neural network. Our experiments demonstrate that shared GANs notably increase the performance of both transformer and convolutional classification models and highlight this approach as a viable alternative to inter-centre data sharing.      
### 25.Memory-augmented Deep Unfolding Network for Guided Image Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04960.pdf)
>  Guided image super-resolution (GISR) aims to obtain a high-resolution (HR) target image by enhancing the spatial resolution of a low-resolution (LR) target image under the guidance of a HR image. However, previous model-based methods mainly takes the entire image as a whole, and assume the prior distribution between the HR target image and the HR guidance image, simply ignoring many non-local common characteristics between them. To alleviate this issue, we firstly propose a maximal a posterior (MAP) estimation model for GISR with two types of prior on the HR target image, i.e., local implicit prior and global implicit prior. The local implicit prior aims to model the complex relationship between the HR target image and the HR guidance image from a local perspective, and the global implicit prior considers the non-local auto-regression property between the two images from a global perspective. Secondly, we design a novel alternating optimization algorithm to solve this model for GISR. The algorithm is in a concise framework that facilitates to be replicated into commonly used deep network structures. Thirdly, to reduce the information loss across iterative stages, the persistent memory mechanism is introduced to augment the information representation by exploiting the Long short-term memory unit (LSTM) in the image and feature spaces. In this way, a deep network with certain interpretation and high representation ability is built. Extensive experimental results validate the superiority of our method on a variety of GISR tasks, including Pan-sharpening, depth image super-resolution, and MR image super-resolution.      
### 26.ModDrop++: A Dynamic Filter Network with Intra-subject Co-training for Multiple Sclerosis Lesion Segmentation with Missing Modalities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04959.pdf)
>  Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a chronic neuroinflammatory disease and multi-modality MRIs are routinely used to monitor MS lesions. Many automatic MS lesion segmentation models have been developed and have reached human-level performance. However, most established methods assume the MRI modalities used during training are also available during testing, which is not guaranteed in clinical practice. A training strategy termed Modality Dropout (ModDrop) has been applied to MS lesion segmentation to achieve the state-of-the-art performance for missing modality. We present a novel method dubbed ModDrop++ to train a unified network adaptive to an arbitrary number of input MRI sequences. Moreover, ModDrop++ can be easily applied to any existing model architectures. Specifically, ModDrop++ upgrades the main idea of ModDrop in two key ways. First, we devise a plug-and-play dynamic head and adopt a filter scaling strategy to improve the expressiveness of the network. Second, we design a co-training strategy to leverage the intra-subject relation between full modality and missing modality. In particular, the intra-subject co-training strategy aims to guide the dynamic head to generate similar feature representations between the full- and missing-modality data from the same subject. We use two public MS datasets to show the superiority of ModDrop++. Source code and trained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/han-liu/ModDropPlusPlus" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 27.Fluid registration between lung CT and stationary chest tomosynthesis images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.04958.pdf)
>  Registration is widely used in image-guided therapy and image-guided surgery to estimate spatial correspondences between organs of interest between planning and treatment images. However, while high-quality computed tomography (CT) images are often available at planning time, limited angle acquisitions are frequently used during treatment because of radiation concerns or imaging time constraints. This requires algorithms to register CT images based on limited angle acquisitions. We, therefore, formulate a 3D/2D registration approach which infers a 3D deformation based on measured projections and digitally reconstructed radiographs of the CT. Most 3D/2D registration approaches use simple transformation models or require complex mathematical derivations to formulate the underlying optimization problem. Instead, our approach entirely relies on differentiable operations which can be combined with modern computational toolboxes supporting automatic differentiation. This then allows for rapid prototyping, integration with deep neural networks, and to support a variety of transformation models including fluid flow models. We demonstrate our approach for the registration between CT and stationary chest tomosynthesis (sDCT) images and show how it naturally leads to an iterative image reconstruction approach.      
### 28.Near-optimal Deep Reinforcement Learning Policies from Data for Zone Temperature Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05434.pdf)
>  Replacing poorly performing existing controllers with smarter solutions will decrease the energy intensity of the building sector. Recently, controllers based on Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) have been shown to be more effective than conventional baselines. However, since the optimal solution is usually unknown, it is still unclear if DRL agents are attaining near-optimal performance in general or if there is still a large gap to bridge. <br>In this paper, we investigate the performance of DRL agents compared to the theoretically optimal solution. To that end, we leverage Physically Consistent Neural Networks (PCNNs) as simulation environments, for which optimal control inputs are easy to compute. Furthermore, PCNNs solely rely on data to be trained, avoiding the difficult physics-based modeling phase, while retaining physical consistency. Our results hint that DRL agents not only clearly outperform conventional rule-based controllers, they furthermore attain near-optimal performance.      
### 29.RACIMO@Bucaramanga: A Citizen Science Project on Data Science and Climate Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05431.pdf)
>  This paper describes a collaborative experience to empower organized communities to produce, curate and disseminate environmental data. A particular emphasis is done on the description of open hardware &amp; software architecture and the processes of commissioning of the low cost Arduino-Raspberry-Pi weather station which measures: atmospheric pressure, temperature, humidity, precipitation, cloudiness, and illuminance/irradiance. The idea is to encourage more people to replicate this open-science initiative. We have started this experience training students &amp; teachers from seven mid secondary schools through a syllabus of 12 two-hours lectures with a web-based support which exposes them to basic concepts and practices of Citizen Science and Open Data Science.      
### 30.Attacks as Defenses: Designing Robust Audio CAPTCHAs Using Attacks on Automatic Speech Recognition Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05408.pdf)
>  Audio CAPTCHAs are supposed to provide a strong defense for online resources; however, advances in speech-to-text mechanisms have rendered these defenses ineffective. Audio CAPTCHAs cannot simply be abandoned, as they are specifically named by the W3C as important enablers of accessibility. Accordingly, demonstrably more robust audio CAPTCHAs are important to the future of a secure and accessible Web. We look to recent literature on attacks on speech-to-text systems for inspiration for the construction of robust, principle-driven audio defenses. We begin by comparing 20 recent attack papers, classifying and measuring their suitability to serve as the basis of new "robust to transcription" but "easy for humans to understand" CAPTCHAs. After showing that none of these attacks alone are sufficient, we propose a new mechanism that is both comparatively intelligible (evaluated through a user study) and hard to automatically transcribe (i.e., $P({\rm transcription}) = 4 \times 10^{-5}$). Finally, we demonstrate that our audio samples have a high probability of being detected as CAPTCHAs when given to speech-to-text systems ($P({\rm evasion}) = 1.77 \times 10^{-4}$). In so doing, we not only demonstrate a CAPTCHA that is approximately four orders of magnitude more difficult to crack, but that such systems can be designed based on the insights gained from attack papers using the differences between the ways that humans and computers process audio.      
### 31.Blind Extraction of Equitable Partitions from Graph Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05407.pdf)
>  Finding equitable partitions is closely related to the extraction of graph symmetries and of interest in a variety of applications context such as node role detection, cluster synchronization, consensus dynamics, and network control problems. In this work we study a blind identification problem in which we aim to recover an equitable partition of a network without the knowledge of the network's edges but based solely on the observations of the outputs of an unknown graph filter. Specifically, we consider two settings. First, we consider a scenario in which we can control the input to the graph filter and present a method to extract the partition inspired by the well known Weisfeiler-Lehman (color refinement) algorithm. Second, we generalize this idea to a setting where only observe the outputs to random, low-rank excitations of the graph filter, and present a simple spectral algorithm to extract the relevant equitable partitions. Finally, we establish theoretical bounds on the error that this spectral detection scheme incurs and perform numerical experiments that illustrate our theoretical results and compare both algorithms.      
### 32.Deep Residual Reinforcement Learning based Autonomous Blimp Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05360.pdf)
>  Blimps are well suited to perform long-duration aerial tasks as they are energy efficient, relatively silent and safe. To address the blimp navigation and control task, in previous work we developed a hardware and software-in-the-loop framework and a PID-based controller for large blimps in the presence of wind disturbance. However, blimps have a deformable structure and their dynamics are inherently non-linear and time-delayed, making PID controllers difficult to tune. Thus, often resulting in large tracking errors. Moreover, the buoyancy of a blimp is constantly changing due to variations in ambient temperature and pressure. To address these issues, in this paper we present a learning-based framework based on deep residual reinforcement learning (DRRL), for the blimp control task. Within this framework, we first employ a PID controller to provide baseline performance. Subsequently, the DRRL agent learns to modify the PID decisions by interaction with the environment. We demonstrate in simulation that DRRL agent consistently improves the PID performance. Through rigorous simulation experiments, we show that the agent is robust to changes in wind speed and buoyancy. In real-world experiments, we demonstrate that the agent, trained only in simulation, is sufficiently robust to control an actual blimp in windy conditions. We openly provide the source code of our approach at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> robot-perception-group/AutonomousBlimpDRL.      
### 33.EACELEB: An East Asian Language Speaking Celebrity Dataset for Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05333.pdf)
>  Large datasets are very useful for training speaker recognition systems, and various research groups have constructed several over the years. Voxceleb is a large dataset for speaker recognition that is extracted from Youtube videos. This paper presents an audio-visual method for acquiring audio data from Youtube given the speaker's name as input. The system follows a pipeline similar to that of the Voxceleb data acquisition method. However, our work focuses on fast data acquisition by using face-tracking in subsequent frames once a face has been detected -- this is preferable over face detection for every frame considering its computational cost. We show that applying audio diarization to our data after acquiring it can yield equal error rates comparable to Voxceleb. A secondary set of experiments showed that we could further decrease the error rate by fine-tuning a pre-trained x-vector system with the acquired data. Like Voxceleb, the work here focuses primarily on developing audio for celebrities. However, unlike Voxceleb, our target audio data is from celebrities in East Asian countries. Finally, we set up a speaker verification task to evaluate the accuracy of our acquired data. After diarization and fine-tuning, we achieved an equal error rate of approximately 4\% across our entire dataset.      
### 34.Data-driven Control of Unknown Linear Systems via Quantized Feedback  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05245.pdf)
>  Control using quantized feedback is a fundamental approach to system synthesis with limited communication capacity. In this paper, we address the stabilization problem for unknown linear systems with logarithmically quantized feedback, via a direct data-driven control method. By leveraging a recently developed matrix S-lemma, we prove a sufficient and necessary condition for the existence of a common stabilizing controller for all possible dynamics consistent with data, in the form of a linear matrix inequality. Moreover, we formulate semi-definite programming to solve the coarsest quantization density. By establishing its connections to unstable eigenvalues of the state matrix, we further prove a necessary rank condition on the data for quantized feedback stabilization. Finally, we validate our theoretical results by numerical examples.      
### 35.Conditional Synthetic Data Generation for Personal Thermal Comfort Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05242.pdf)
>  Personal thermal comfort models aim to predict an individual's thermal comfort response, instead of the average response of a large group. Recently, machine learning algorithms have proven to be having enormous potential as a candidate for personal thermal comfort models. But, often within the normal settings of a building, personal thermal comfort data obtained via experiments are heavily class-imbalanced. There are a disproportionately high number of data samples for the "Prefer No Change" class, as compared with the "Prefer Warmer" and "Prefer Cooler" classes. Machine learning algorithms trained on such class-imbalanced data perform sub-optimally when deployed in the real world. To develop robust machine learning-based applications using the above class-imbalanced data, as well as for privacy-preserving data sharing, we propose to implement a state-of-the-art conditional synthetic data generator to generate synthetic data corresponding to the low-frequency classes. Via experiments, we show that the synthetic data generated has a distribution that mimics the real data distribution. The proposed method can be extended for use by other smart building datasets/use-cases.      
### 36.Transferring Dual Stochastic Graph Convolutional Network for Facial Micro-expression Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05208.pdf)
>  Micro-expression recognition has drawn increasing attention due to its wide application in lie detection, criminal detection and psychological consultation. To improve the recognition performance of the small micro-expression data, this paper presents a transferring dual stochastic Graph Convolutional Network (TDSGCN) model. We propose a stochastic graph construction method and dual graph convolutional network to extract more discriminative features from the micro-expression images. We use transfer learning to pre-train SGCNs from macro expression data. Optical flow algorithm is also integrated to extract their temporal features. We fuse both spatial and temporal features to improve the recognition performance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to utilize the transferring learning and graph convolutional network in micro-expression recognition task. In addition, to handle the class imbalance problem of dataset, we focus on the design of focal loss function. Through extensive evaluation, our proposed method achieves state-of-the-art performance on SAMM and recently released MMEW benchmarks. Our code will be publicly available accompanying this paper.      
### 37.Learning Torque Control for Quadrupedal Locomotion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05194.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is a promising tool for developing controllers for quadrupedal locomotion. The design of most learning-based locomotion controllers adopts the joint position-based paradigm, wherein a low-frequency RL policy outputs target joint positions that are then tracked by a high-frequency proportional-derivative (PD) controller that outputs joint torques. However, the low frequency of such a policy hinders the advancement of highly dynamic locomotion behaviors. Moreover, determining the PD gains for optimal tracking performance is laborious and dependent on the task at hand. In this paper, we introduce a learning torque control framework for quadrupedal locomotion, which trains an RL policy that directly predicts joint torques at a high frequency, thus circumventing the use of PD controllers. We validate the proposed framework with extensive experiments where the robot is able to both traverse various terrains and resist external pushes, given user-specified commands. To our knowledge, this is the first attempt of learning torque control for quadrupedal locomotion with an end-to-end single neural network that has led to successful real-world experiments among recent research on learning-based quadrupedal locomotion which is mostly position-based.      
### 38.An Audio-Visual Attention Based Multimodal Network for Fake Talking Face Videos Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05178.pdf)
>  DeepFake based digital facial forgery is threatening the public media security, especially when lip manipulation has been used in talking face generation, the difficulty of fake video detection is further improved. By only changing lip shape to match the given speech, the facial features of identity is hard to be discriminated in such fake talking face videos. Together with the lack of attention on audio stream as the prior knowledge, the detection failure of fake talking face generation also becomes inevitable. Inspired by the decision-making mechanism of human multisensory perception system, which enables the auditory information to enhance post-sensory visual evidence for informed decisions output, in this study, a fake talking face detection framework FTFDNet is proposed by incorporating audio and visual representation to achieve more accurate fake talking face videos detection. Furthermore, an audio-visual attention mechanism (AVAM) is proposed to discover more informative features, which can be seamlessly integrated into any audio-visual CNN architectures by modularization. With the additional AVAM, the proposed FTFDNet is able to achieve a better detection performance on the established dataset (FTFDD). The evaluation of the proposed work has shown an excellent performance on the detection of fake talking face videos, which is able to arrive at a detection rate above 97%.      
### 39.TiSAT: Time Series Anomaly Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05167.pdf)
>  While anomaly detection in time series has been an active area of research for several years, most recent approaches employ an inadequate evaluation criterion leading to an inflated F1 score. We show that a rudimentary Random Guess method can outperform state-of-the-art detectors in terms of this popular but faulty evaluation criterion. In this work, we propose a proper evaluation metric that measures the timeliness and precision of detecting sequential anomalies. Moreover, most existing approaches are unable to capture temporal features from long sequences. Self-attention based approaches, such as transformers, have been demonstrated to be particularly efficient in capturing long-range dependencies while being computationally efficient during training and inference. We also propose an efficient transformer approach for anomaly detection in time series and extensively evaluate our proposed approach on several popular benchmark datasets.      
### 40.The Waiting-Time Distribution for Network Partitions in Cascading Failures in Power Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05130.pdf)
>  Network redundancy is one of the spatial network structural properties critical to robustness against cascading failures in power networks. The waiting-time distributions for network partitions in cascading failures explain how the spatial network structures affect the cascading behaviors. Two waiting time events associated with the first and largest network partitions are studied for cascading failures under different network redundancies. With the synthetic power networks, the waiting-time distributions of network partitions can be systematically analyzed for various network redundancies. Waiting-time distributions shift to the right accordingly when network redundancies increase. Meanwhile, the sizes of the largest partitions decrease while the numbers of them increase statistically. The realistic power networks of France, Texas, and Poland also show the same trend for waiting-time distributions.      
### 41.In-Place Rotation for Enhancing Snake-like Robot Mobility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05043.pdf)
>  Gaits engineered for snake-like robots to rotate in-place instrumentally fill a gap in the set of locomotive gaits that have traditionally prioritized translation. This paper designs a Turn-in-Place gait and demonstrates the ability of a shape-centric modeling framework to capture the gait's locomotive properties. Shape modeling for turning involves a time-varying continuous body curve described by a standing wave. Presumed viscous robot-ground frictional interactions lead to body dynamics conditioned on the time-varying shape model. The dynamic equations describing the Turn-in-Place gait are validated by an articulated snake-like robot using a physics-based simulator and a physical robot. The results affirm the shape-centric modeling framework's capacity to model a variety of snake-like robot gaits with fundamentally different body-ground contact patterns. As an applied demonstration, example locomotion scenarios partner the shape-centric Turn-in-Place gait with a Rectilinear gait for maneuvering through constrained environments based on a multi-modal locomotive planning strategy. Unified shape-centric modeling facilitates trajectory planning and tracking for a snake-like robot to successfully negotiate non-trivial obstacle configurations.      
### 42.Sentence-Select: Large-Scale Language Model Data Selection for Rare-Word Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.05008.pdf)
>  Language model fusion helps smart assistants recognize words which are rare in acoustic data but abundant in text-only corpora (typed search logs). However, such corpora have properties that hinder downstream performance, including being (1) too large, (2) beset with domain-mismatched content, and (3) heavy-headed rather than heavy-tailed (excessively many duplicate search queries such as "weather"). We show that three simple strategies for selecting language modeling data can dramatically improve rare-word recognition without harming overall performance. First, to address the heavy-headedness, we downsample the data according to a soft log function, which tunably reduces high frequency (head) sentences. Second, to encourage rare-word exposure, we explicitly filter for words rare in the acoustic data. Finally, we tackle domain-mismatch via perplexity-based contrastive selection, filtering for examples matched to the target domain. We down-select a large corpus of web search queries by a factor of 53x and achieve better LM perplexities than without down-selection. When shallow-fused with a state-of-the-art, production speech engine, our LM achieves WER reductions of up to 24% relative on rare-word sentences (without changing overall WER) compared to a baseline LM trained on the raw corpus. These gains are further validated through favorable side-by-side evaluations on live voice search traffic.      
