# ArXiv eess --Fri, 14 Jan 2022
### 1.Neural Koopman Lyapunov Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05098.pdf)
>  Learning and synthesizing stabilizing controllers for unknown nonlinear systems is a challenging problem for real-world and industrial applications. Koopman operator theory allow one to analyze nonlinear systems through the lens of linear systems and nonlinear control systems through the lens of bilinear control systems. The key idea of these methods, lies in the transformation of the coordinates of the nonlinear system into the Koopman observables, which are coordinates that allow the representation of the original system (control system) as a higher dimensional linear (bilinear control) system. However, for nonlinear control systems, the bilinear control model obtained by applying Koopman operator based learning methods is not necessarily stabilizable and therefore, the existence of a stabilizing feedback control is not guaranteed which is crucial for many real world applications. Simultaneous identification of these stabilizable Koopman based bilinear control systems as well as the associated Koopman observables is still an open problem. In this paper, we propose a framework to identify and construct these stabilizable bilinear models and its associated observables from data by simultaneously learning a bilinear Koopman embedding for the underlying unknown nonlinear control system as well as a Control Lyapunov Function (CLF) for the Koopman based bilinear model using a learner and falsifier. Our proposed approach thereby provides provable guarantees of global asymptotic stability for the nonlinear control systems with unknown dynamics. Numerical simulations are provided to validate the efficacy of our proposed class of stabilizing feedback controllers for unknown nonlinear systems.      
### 2.Real-Time GPU-Accelerated Machine Learning Based Multiuser Detection for 5G and Beyond  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05024.pdf)
>  Adaptive partial linear beamforming meets the need of 5G and future 6G applications for high flexibility and adaptability. Choosing an appropriate tradeoff between conflicting goals opens the recently proposed multiuser (MU) detection method. Due to their high spatial resolution, nonlinear beamforming filters can significantly outperform linear approaches in stationary scenarios with massive connectivity. However, a dramatic decrease in performance can be expected in high mobility scenarios because they are very susceptible to changes in the wireless channel. The robustness of linear filters is required, considering these changes. One way to respond appropriately is to use online machine learning algorithms. The theory of algorithms based on the adaptive projected subgradient method (APSM) is rich, and they promise accurate tracking capabilities in dynamic wireless environments. However, one of the main challenges comes from the real-time implementation of these algorithms, which involve projections on time-varying closed convex sets. While the projection operations are relatively simple, their vast number poses a challenge in ultralow latency (ULL) applications where latency constraints must be satisfied in every radio frame. Taking non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) systems as an example, this paper explores the acceleration of APSM-based algorithms through massive parallelization. The result is a GPU-accelerated real-time implementation of an orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing (OFDM)-based transceiver that enables detection latency of less than one millisecond and therefore complies with the requirements of 5G and beyond. To meet the stringent physical layer latency requirements, careful co-design of hardware and software is essential, especially in virtualized wireless systems with hardware accelerators.      
### 3.Power Control for Multigroup Multicast Cell-Free Massive MIMO Downlink  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04994.pdf)
>  We consider a multigroup multicast cell-free multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) downlink system with short-term power constraints. In particular, the normalized conjugate beamforming scheme is adopted at each access point (AP) to keep the downlink power strictly under the power budget regardless of small scale fading. In the considered scenario, APs multicast signals to multiple groups of users whereby users in the same group receive the same message. Under this setup, we are interested in maximizing the minimum achievable rate of all groups, commonly known as the max-min fairness problem, which has not been studied before in this context. To solve the considered problem, we first present a bisection method which in fact has been widely used in previous studies for cell-free massive MIMO, and then propose an accelerated projected gradient (APG) method. We show that the proposed APG method outperforms the bisection method requiring lesser run time while still achieving the same objective value. Moreover, the considered power control scheme provides significantly improved performance and more fairness among the users compared to the equal power allocation scheme.      
### 4.Realistic Endoscopic Image Generation Method Using Virtual-to-real Image-domain Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04918.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a realistic image generation method for visualization in endoscopic simulation systems. Endoscopic diagnosis and treatment are performed in many hospitals. To reduce complications related to endoscope insertions, endoscopic simulation systems are used for training or rehearsal of endoscope insertions. However, current simulation systems generate non-realistic virtual endoscopic images. To improve the value of the simulation systems, improvement of reality of their generated images is necessary. We propose a realistic image generation method for endoscopic simulation systems. Virtual endoscopic images are generated by using a volume rendering method from a CT volume of a patient. We improve the reality of the virtual endoscopic images using a virtual-to-real image-domain translation technique. The image-domain translator is implemented as a fully convolutional network (FCN). We train the FCN by minimizing a cycle consistency loss function. The FCN is trained using unpaired virtual and real endoscopic images. To obtain high quality image-domain translation results, we perform an image cleansing to the real endoscopic image set. We tested to use the shallow U-Net, U-Net, deep U-Net, and U-Net having residual units as the image-domain translator. The deep U-Net and U-Net having residual units generated quite realistic images.      
### 5.Recovery Conditions of Sparse Signals Using Orthogonal Least Squares-Type Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04914.pdf)
>  Orthogonal least squares (OLS)-type algorithms are efficient in reconstructing sparse signals, which include the well-known OLS, multiple OLS (MOLS) and block OLS (BOLS). In this paper, we first investigate the noiseless exact recovery conditions of these algorithms. Specifically, based on mutual incoherence property (MIP), we provide theoretical analysis of OLS and MOLS to ensure that the correct nonzero support can be selected during the iterative procedure. Nevertheless, theoretical analysis for BOLS utilizes the block-MIP to deal with the block sparsity. Furthermore, the noiseless MIP-based analyses are extended to the noisy scenario. Our results indicate that for K-sparse signals, when MIP or SNR satisfies certain conditions, OLS and MOLS obtain reliable reconstruction in at most K iterations, while BOLS succeeds in at most (K/d) iterations where d is the block length. It is shown that our derived theoretical results improve the existing ones, which are verified by simulation tests.      
### 6.On the Performance of Handover Mechanisms for Non-Terrestrial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04904.pdf)
>  Next-generation wireless networks require massive connectivity and ubiquitous coverage, for which non-terrestrial networks (NTNs) are a promising enabler. However, NTNs, especially non-geostationary satellites bring about challenges such as increased handovers (HOs) due to the moving coverage area of the satellite on the ground. Accordingly, in this work, we compare the conventional measurement-based HO triggering mechanism with other alternatives such as distance, elevation angle, and timer-based methods in terms of the numbers of HOs, ping-pong HOs, and radio link failures. The system-level simulations, carried out in accordance with the 3GPP model, show that the measurement-based approach can outperform the other alternatives provided that appropriate values of hysteresis/offset margins and time-to-trigger parameters are used. Moreover, future directions regarding this work are also provided at the end.      
### 7.A Minimax Framework for Two-Agent Scheduling with Inertial Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04874.pdf)
>  Autonomous agents are promising in applications such as intelligent transportation and smart manufacturing, and scheduling of agents has to take their inertial constraints into consideration. Most current researches require the obedience of all agents, which is hard to achieve in non-dedicated systems such as traffic intersections. In this article, we establish a minimax framework for the scheduling of two inertially constrained agents with no cooperation assumptions. Specifically, we first provide a unified and sufficient representation for various types of situation information, and define a state value function characterizing the agent's preference of states under a given situation. Then, the minimax control policy along with the calculation methods is proposed which optimizes the worst-case state value function at each step, and the safety guarantee of the policy is also presented. Furthermore, several generalizations are introduced on the applicable scenarios of the proposed framework. Numerical simulations show that the minimax control policy can reduce the largest scheduling cost by $13.4\%$ compared with queueing and following policies. Finally, the effects of decision period, observation period and inertial constraints are also numerically discussed.      
### 8.Comparison of Classification Algorithms for COVID19 Detection using Cough Acoustic Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04872.pdf)
>  The epidemic disease, called the new coronavirus (COVID19), firstly occurred in Wuhan, China in December 2019. COVID19 was announced as an epidemic by World Health Organization soon after. Some of the symptoms of this disease are fever, cough, shortness of breath and difficulty in breathing. In more severe cases, death may occur as a result of infection. The most significant question in fighting the pandemic and controlling the epidemic is the early diagnosis of COVID19(+) patients and the follow-up of these patients. Therefore, various diagnostic mechanisms are used. Additionally to the RT-PCR test, medical imaging methods have been utilized, especially in the detection of COVID19(+) patients. In this study, an alternative approach was proposed by using cough data, which is one of the most prominent symptoms of COVID19(+) patients. The cough acoustic public dataset on the Virufy website was used. The entire data was normalized using z-normalization technique. The performance of the features obtained via the 5-layer empirical mode decomposition method and the performances of different classifiers has been compared. As the classifier algorithm, 5 different algorithms were used. The highest accuracy and F1-score performances were obtained by using Ensemble-Bagged-Trees algorithm as 90.6% and 90.5%, respectively. On the other hand, other classification algorithms used in the study are Support Vector Machines, Logistic Regression, Linear Discriminant Analysis and k-Nearest Neigbors, respectively. According to the results obtained, choosing the right classifier algorithm provides high results. Thus, it is clear that using cough acoustic data, those with COVID19(+) can be detected easily and effectively.      
### 9.Passivity-based design and analysis of phase-locked loops  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04862.pdf)
>  We consider a grid-connected voltage source converter (VSC) and address the problem of estimating the grid angle and frequency, information that is essential for an appropriate operation of the converter. We design phase-locked loop (PLL) algorithms with guaranteed stability properties, under the assumption that the grid is characterized by relatively high short-circuit-ratio (SCR) and inertia. In particular we derive, using passivity arguments, generalization of the conventional synchronous reference frame (SRF) and arctangent (ATAN) PLL, which are the standard solutions in power applications. The analysis is further extended to the case of connection of the VSC to a low-inertia grid, ensuring robustness of the algorithms in case of frequency variations. The results are validated on a benchmark including the grid, the VSC and related controllers.      
### 10.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Cross-Modality Retinal Vessel Segmentation via Disentangling Representation Style Transfer and Collaborative Consistency Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04812.pdf)
>  Various deep learning models have been developed to segment anatomical structures from medical images, but they typically have poor performance when tested on another target domain with different data distribution. Recently, unsupervised domain adaptation methods have been proposed to alleviate this so-called domain shift issue, but most of them are designed for scenarios with relatively small domain shifts and are likely to fail when encountering a large domain gap. In this paper, we propose DCDA, a novel cross-modality unsupervised domain adaptation framework for tasks with large domain shifts, e.g., segmenting retinal vessels from OCTA and OCT images. DCDA mainly consists of a disentangling representation style transfer (DRST) module and a collaborative consistency learning (CCL) module. DRST decomposes images into content components and style codes and performs style transfer and image reconstruction. CCL contains two segmentation models, one for source domain and the other for target domain. The two models use labeled data (together with the corresponding transferred images) for supervised learning and perform collaborative consistency learning on unlabeled data. Each model focuses on the corresponding single domain and aims to yield an expertized domain-specific segmentation model. Through extensive experiments on retinal vessel segmentation, our framework achieves Dice scores close to target-trained oracle both from OCTA to OCT and from OCT to OCTA, significantly outperforming other state-of-the-art methods.      
### 11.Online State Estimation for Supervisor Synthesis in Discrete Event Systems with Communication Delays and Losses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04800.pdf)
>  In the context of networked discrete event system (DES), communication delays and losses exist between the plant and the supervisor for observation and between the supervisor and the actuator for control. In this paper, we deal with the state estimation problem for supervisor synthesis in networked DES with both communication delays and losses. The estimation algorithm considers the effect of controls imposed on the system. Also, the estimation algorithm is based on the control decisions available up to the moment, and all the future control decisions are assumed to be unknowable. Two notions called "observation channel configuration" for tracking observation delays and losses and "control channel configuration" for tracking control delays and losses are first defined. After that, we introduce an online approach for state estimation of the controlled system. Benefiting from the proposed approach, we show that the existing methods can be easily applied to synthesize maximally-permissive and safe networked supervisors.      
### 12.EMT-NET: Efficient multitask network for computer-aided diagnosis of breast cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04795.pdf)
>  Deep learning-based computer-aided diagnosis has achieved unprecedented performance in breast cancer detection. However, most approaches are computationally intensive, which impedes their broader dissemination in real-world applications. In this work, we propose an efficient and light-weighted multitask learning architecture to classify and segment breast tumors simultaneously. We incorporate a segmentation task into a tumor classification network, which makes the backbone network learn representations focused on tumor regions. Moreover, we propose a new numerically stable loss function that easily controls the balance between the sensitivity and specificity of cancer detection. The proposed approach is evaluated using a breast ultrasound dataset with 1,511 images. The accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity of tumor classification is 88.6%, 94.1%, and 85.3%, respectively. We validate the model using a virtual mobile device, and the average inference time is 0.35 seconds per image.      
### 13.Performance Analysis of Multi-user NOMA Wireless-Powered mMTC Networks: A Stochastic Geometry Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04784.pdf)
>  In this paper, we aim to improve the connectivity, scalability, and energy efficiency of machine-type communication (MTC) networks with different types of MTC devices (MTCDs), namely Type-I and Type-II MTCDs, which have different communication purposes. To this end, we propose two transmission schemes called connectivity-oriented machine-type communication (CoM) and quality-oriented machine-type communication (QoM), which take into account the stochastic geometry-based deployment and the random active/inactive status of MTCDs. Specifically, in the proposed schemes, the active Type-I MTCDs operate using a novel Bernoulli random process-based simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT) architecture. Next, utilizing multi-user power-domain non-orthogonal multiple access (PD-NOMA), each active Type-I MTCD can simultaneously communicate with another Type-I MTCD and a scalable number of Type-II MTCDs. In the performance analysis of the proposed schemes, we prove that the true distribution of the received power at a Type-II MTCD in the QoM scheme can be approximated by the Singh-Maddala distribution. Exploiting this unique statistical finding, we derive approximate closed-form expressions for the outage probability (OP) and sum-throughput of massive MTC (mMTC) networks. Through numerical results, we show that the proposed schemes provide a considerable sum-throughput gain over conventional mMTC networks.      
### 14.MAg: a simple learning-based patient-level aggregation method for detecting microsatellite instability from whole-slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04769.pdf)
>  The prediction of microsatellite instability (MSI) and microsatellite stability (MSS) is essential in predicting both the treatment response and prognosis of gastrointestinal cancer. In clinical practice, a universal MSI testing is recommended, but the accessibility of such a test is limited. Thus, a more cost-efficient and broadly accessible tool is desired to cover the traditionally untested patients. In the past few years, deep-learning-based algorithms have been proposed to predict MSI directly from haematoxylin and eosin (H&amp;E)-stained whole-slide images (WSIs). Such algorithms can be summarized as (1) patch-level MSI/MSS prediction, and (2) patient-level aggregation. Compared with the advanced deep learning approaches that have been employed for the first stage, only the naïve first-order statistics (e.g., averaging and counting) were employed in the second stage. In this paper, we propose a simple yet broadly generalizable patient-level MSI aggregation (MAg) method to effectively integrate the precious patch-level information. Briefly, the entire probabilistic distribution in the first stage is modeled as histogram-based features to be fused as the final outcome with machine learning (e.g., SVM). The proposed MAg method can be easily used in a plug-and-play manner, which has been evaluated upon five broadly used deep neural networks: ResNet, MobileNetV2, EfficientNet, Dpn and ResNext. From the results, the proposed MAg method consistently improves the accuracy of patient-level aggregation for two publicly available datasets. It is our hope that the proposed method could potentially leverage the low-cost H&amp;E based MSI detection method. The code of our work has been made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Calvin-Pang/MAg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Time-varying Identification of Guided Wave Propagation under Varying Temperature via Non-Stationary Time Series Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04721.pdf)
>  Modern-day civil, mechanical, and aeronautical structures are transitioning towards a continuous, online, and automated maintenance paradigm in order to ensure increased safety and reliability. The field of structural health monitoring (SHM) is playing a key role in this respect and active sensing acousto-ultrasound guided-wave based SHM techniques have shown great promise due to their potential sensitivity to small changes in the structure. However, the methods' robustness and diagnosis capability become limited in the presence of environmental and operational variability such as changing temperature. In order to circumvent this difficulty, in this paper, a novel stochastic time series-based framework was adopted to model guided wave propagation under varying temperatures. Different stochastic time-varying time series models, such as Recursive Maximum Likelihood Time-varying Auto-Regressive (RML-TAR) and Recursive Maximum Likelihood Time-varying Auto-Regressive with Exogenous Excitation (RML-TARX) models are put forward to model and capture the underlying dynamics of guided wave propagation under varying temperatures. The steps and facets of the identification procedure are presented and clearly explained. Then the identified models are used to perform one-step-ahead prediction as well as "simulation" of the guided wave signals. In order to gain insight from a physics perspective, high-fidelity finite element (FE) models were also established to model the effect of temperature variation on guided wave propagation. Finally, surrogate models are formulated through the use of stochastic time-dependent RML-TARX models and compared with the FE models under varying temperatures.      
### 16.Detection of brain tumors using machine learning algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04703.pdf)
>  An algorithm capable of processing NMR images was developed for analysis using machine learning techniques to detect the presence of brain tumors.      
### 17.Deep Learning-based Link Configuration for Radar-aided Multiuser mmWave Vehicle-to-Infrastructure Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04657.pdf)
>  Configuring millimeter wave links following a conventional beam training protocol, as the one proposed in the current cellular standard, introduces a large communication overhead, specially relevant in vehicular systems, where the channels are highly dynamic. In this paper, we propose the use of a passive radar array to sense automotive radar transmissions coming from multiple vehicles on the road, and a radar processing chain that provides information about a reduced set of candidate beams for the links between the road-infrastructure and each one of the vehicles. This prior information can be later leveraged by the beam training protocol to significantly reduce overhead. The radar processing chain estimates both the timing and chirp rates of the radar signals, isolates the individual signals by filtering out interfering radar chirps, and estimates the spatial covariance of each individual radar transmission. Then, a deep network is used to translate features of these radar spatial covariances into features of the communication spatial covariances, by learning the intricate mapping between radar and communication channels, in both line-of-sight and non-line-of-sight settings. The communication rates and outage probabilities of this approach are compared against exhaustive search and pure radar-aided beam training methods (without deep learning-based mapping), and evaluated on multi-user channels simulated by ray tracing. Results show that: (i) the proposed processing chain can reliably isolate the spatial covariances for individual radars, and (ii) the radar-to-communications translation strategy based on deep learning provides a significant improvement over pure radar-aided methods in both LOS and NLOS channels.      
### 18.Real-Time Monitoring and Control of Water Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04654.pdf)
>  Water networks are used in numerous applications, all of which have the essential task of real-time monitoring and control of water states. A framework for the generation of efficient models of water networks suitable for real-time monitoring and control purposes is proposed. The proposed models preserve the distributed parameter character of the network local elements. Hence, the spatial resolution of the property under consideration is recovered. The real-time feasibility of the network model is ensured by means of reduced-order modeling of the models constituting components. A novel model order reduction procedure that preserves the model parametric dependency is introduced. The proposed concept is evaluated with the water temperature as the property under consideration. The formulated model is applied for the prediction of the water temperature within an experimental test bench of a 60-meter exemplary circulation network at the company VIEGA. A reduced-order model (ROM) with a 50 mm spatial resolution, i.e. 1200 discretization points, is constructed and utilized as the identification model for a single path of the test bench. Afterward, the ROM is evaluated in a Hardware in the Loop experiment for the prediction of the downstream temperature showing high prediction accuracy with mean relative error below 3.5\%. The ROM single step computation time stayed below 2 msec highlighting the real-time potential of the method. Moreover, full network model validation experiments featuring both diffusion and transport-dominated parts were conducted. The network model could predict the temperature evolution, flow rate, and pressure accurately at the different paths of the network with mean relative errors below 4\%, 2\%, and 2\%, respectively.      
### 19.Early Diagnosis of Parkinsons Disease by Analyzing Magnetic Resonance Imaging Brain Scans and Patient Characteristics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04631.pdf)
>  Parkinsons disease, PD, is a chronic condition that affects motor skills and includes symptoms like tremors and rigidity. The current diagnostic procedure uses patient assessments to evaluate symptoms and sometimes a magnetic resonance imaging or MRI scan. However, symptom variations cause inaccurate assessments, and the analysis of MRI scans requires experienced specialists. This research proposes to accurately diagnose PD severity with deep learning by combining symptoms data and MRI data from the Parkinsons Progression Markers Initiative database. A new hybrid model architecture was implemented to fully utilize both forms of clinical data, and models based on only symptoms and only MRI scans were also developed. The symptoms based model integrates a fully connected deep learning neural network, and the MRI scans and hybrid models integrate transfer learning based convolutional neural networks. Instead of performing only binary classification, all models diagnose patients into five severity categories, with stage zero representing healthy patients and stages four and five representing patients with PD. The symptoms only, MRI scans only, and hybrid models achieved accuracies of 0.77, 0.68, and 0.94, respectively. The hybrid model also had high precision and recall scores of 0.94 and 0.95. Real clinical cases confirm the strong performance of the hybrid, where patients were classified incorrectly with both other models but correctly by the hybrid. It is also consistent across the five severity stages, indicating accurate early detection. This is the first report to combine symptoms data and MRI scans with a machine learning approach on such a large scale.      
### 20.Fish sounds: towards the evaluation of marine acoustic biodiversity through data-driven audio source separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.05013.pdf)
>  The marine ecosystem is changing at an alarming rate, exhibiting biodiversity loss and the migration of tropical species to temperate basins. Monitoring the underwater environments and their inhabitants is of fundamental importance to understand the evolution of these systems and implement safeguard policies. However, assessing and tracking biodiversity is often a complex task, especially in large and uncontrolled environments, such as the oceans. One of the most popular and effective methods for monitoring marine biodiversity is passive acoustics monitoring (PAM), which employs hydrophones to capture underwater sound. Many aquatic animals produce sounds characteristic of their own species; these signals travel efficiently underwater and can be detected even at great distances. Furthermore, modern technologies are becoming more and more convenient and precise, allowing for very accurate and careful data acquisition. To date, audio captured with PAM devices is frequently manually processed by marine biologists and interpreted with traditional signal processing techniques for the detection of animal vocalizations. This is a challenging task, as PAM recordings are often over long periods of time. Moreover, one of the causes of biodiversity loss is sound pollution; in data obtained from regions with loud anthropic noise, it is hard to separate the artificial from the fish sound manually. Nowadays, machine learning and, in particular, deep learning represents the state of the art for processing audio signals. Specifically, sound separation networks are able to identify and separate human voices and musical instruments. In this work, we show that the same techniques can be successfully used to automatically extract fish vocalizations in PAM recordings, opening up the possibility for biodiversity monitoring at a large scale.      
### 21.Data-Driven Modeling and Prediction of Non-Linearizable Dynamics via Spectral Submanifolds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04976.pdf)
>  We develop a methodology to construct low-dimensional predictive models from data sets representing essentially nonlinear (or non-linearizable) dynamical systems with a hyperbolic linear part that are subject to external forcing with finitely many frequencies. Our data-driven, sparse, nonlinear models are obtained as extended normal forms of the reduced dynamics on low-dimensional, attracting spectral submanifolds (SSMs) of the dynamical system. We illustrate the power of data-driven SSM reduction on high-dimensional numerical data sets and experimental measurements involving beam oscillations, vortex shedding and sloshing in a water tank. We find that SSM reduction trained on unforced data also predicts nonlinear response accurately under additional external forcing.      
### 22.Distributed Cooperative Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning with Directed Coordination Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04962.pdf)
>  Existing distributed cooperative multi-agent reinforcement learning (MARL) frameworks usually assume undirected coordination graphs and communication graphs while estimating a global reward via consensus algorithms for policy evaluation. Such a framework may induce expensive communication costs and exhibit poor scalability due to requirement of global consensus. In this work, we study MARLs with directed coordination graphs, and propose a distributed RL algorithm where the local policy evaluations are based on local value functions. The local value function of each agent is obtained by local communication with its neighbors through a directed learning-induced communication graph, without using any consensus algorithm. A zeroth-order optimization (ZOO) approach based on parameter perturbation is employed to achieve gradient estimation. By comparing with existing ZOO-based RL algorithms, we show that our proposed distributed RL algorithm guarantees high scalability. A distributed resource allocation example is shown to illustrate the effectiveness of our algorithm.      
### 23.Uplink-Downlink Duality and Precoding Strategies with Partial CSI in Cell-Free Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04922.pdf)
>  We consider a scalable user-centric wireless network with dynamic cluster formation as defined by Björnsson and Sanguinetti. After having shown the importance of dominant channel subspace information for uplink (UL) pilot decontamination and having examined different UL combining schemes in our previous work, here we investigate precoding strategies for the downlink (DL). Distributed scalable DL precoding and power allocation methods are evaluated for different antenna distributions, user densities and UL pilot dimensions. We compare distributed power allocation methods to a scheme based on a particular form of UL-DL duality which is computable by a central processor based on the available partial channel state information. The new duality method achieves almost symmetric "optimistic ergodic rates" for UL and DL while saving considerable computational complexity since the UL combining vectors are reused as DL precoders.      
### 24.The Effectiveness of Time Stretching for Enhancing Dysarthric Speech for Improved Dysarthric Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04908.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate several existing and a new state-of-the-art generative adversarial network-based (GAN) voice conversion method for enhancing dysarthric speech for improved dysarthric speech recognition. We compare key components of existing methods as part of a rigorous ablation study to find the most effective solution to improve dysarthric speech recognition. We find that straightforward signal processing methods such as stationary noise removal and vocoder-based time stretching lead to dysarthric speech recognition results comparable to those obtained when using state-of-the-art GAN-based voice conversion methods as measured using a phoneme recognition task. Additionally, our proposed solution of a combination of MaskCycleGAN-VC and time stretched enhancement is able to improve the phoneme recognition results for certain dysarthric speakers compared to our time stretched baseline.      
### 25.Flexible Style Image Super-Resolution using Conditional Objective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04898.pdf)
>  Recent studies have significantly enhanced the performance of single-image super-resolution (SR) using convolutional neural networks (CNNs). While there can be many high-resolution (HR) solutions for a given input, most existing CNN-based methods do not explore alternative solutions during the inference. A typical approach to obtaining alternative SR results is to train multiple SR models with different loss weightings and exploit the combination of these models. Instead of using multiple models, we present a more efficient method to train a single adjustable SR model on various combinations of losses by taking advantage of multi-task learning. Specifically, we optimize an SR model with a conditional objective during training, where the objective is a weighted sum of multiple perceptual losses at different feature levels. The weights vary according to given conditions, and the set of weights is defined as a style controller. Also, we present an architecture appropriate for this training scheme, which is the Residual-in-Residual Dense Block equipped with spatial feature transformation layers. At the inference phase, our trained model can generate locally different outputs conditioned on the style control map. Extensive experiments show that the proposed SR model produces various desirable reconstructions without artifacts and yields comparable quantitative performance to state-of-the-art SR methods.      
### 26.Conditional Variational Autoencoder with Balanced Pre-training for Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04809.pdf)
>  Class imbalance occurs in many real-world applications, including image classification, where the number of images in each class differs significantly. With imbalanced data, the generative adversarial networks (GANs) leans to majority class samples. The two recent methods, Balancing GAN (BAGAN) and improved BAGAN (BAGAN-GP), are proposed as an augmentation tool to handle this problem and restore the balance to the data. The former pre-trains the autoencoder weights in an unsupervised manner. However, it is unstable when the images from different categories have similar features. The latter is improved based on BAGAN by facilitating supervised autoencoder training, but the pre-training is biased towards the majority classes. In this work, we propose a novel Conditional Variational Autoencoder with Balanced Pre-training for Generative Adversarial Networks (CAPGAN) as an augmentation tool to generate realistic synthetic images. In particular, we utilize a conditional convolutional variational autoencoder with supervised and balanced pre-training for the GAN initialization and training with gradient penalty. Our proposed method presents a superior performance of other state-of-the-art methods on the highly imbalanced version of MNIST, Fashion-MNIST, CIFAR-10, and two medical imaging datasets. Our method can synthesize high-quality minority samples in terms of Fréchet inception distance, structural similarity index measure and perceptual quality.      
### 27.Non-Stationary Representation Learning in Sequential Linear Bandits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04805.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study representation learning for multi-task decision-making in non-stationary environments. We consider the framework of sequential linear bandits, where the agent performs a series of tasks drawn from distinct sets associated with different environments. The embeddings of tasks in each set share a low-dimensional feature extractor called representation, and representations are different across sets. We propose an online algorithm that facilitates efficient decision-making by learning and transferring non-stationary representations in an adaptive fashion. We prove that our algorithm significantly outperforms the existing ones that treat tasks independently. We also conduct experiments using both synthetic and real data to validate our theoretical insights and demonstrate the efficacy of our algorithm.      
### 28.Roadside Lidar Vehicle Detection and Tracking Using Range And Intensity Background Subtraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04756.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present the solution of roadside LiDAR object detection using a combination of two unsupervised learning algorithms. The 3D point clouds data are firstly converted into spherical coordinates and filled into the azimuth grid matrix using a hash function. After that, the raw LiDAR data were rearranged into spatial-temporal data structures to store the information of range, azimuth, and intensity. Dynamic Mode Decomposition method is applied for decomposing the point cloud data into low-rank backgrounds and sparse foregrounds based on intensity channel pattern recognition. The Triangle Algorithm automatically finds the dividing value to separate the moving targets from static background according to range information. After intensity and range background subtraction, the foreground moving objects will be detected using a density-based detector and encoded into the state-space model for tracking. The output of the proposed model includes vehicle trajectories that can enable many mobility and safety applications. The method was validated against a commercial traffic data collection platform and demonstrated to be an efficient and reliable solution for infrastructure LiDAR object detection. In contrast to the previous methods that process directly on the scattered and discrete point clouds, the proposed method can establish the less sophisticated linear relationship of the 3D measurement data, which captures the spatial-temporal structure that we often desire.      
### 29.Multi-View Non-negative Matrix Factorization Discriminant Learning via Cross Entropy Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04726.pdf)
>  Multi-view learning accomplishes the task objectives of classification by leverag-ing the relationships between different views of the same object. Most existing methods usually focus on consistency and complementarity between multiple views. But not all of this information is useful for classification tasks. Instead, it is the specific discriminating information that plays an important role. Zhong Zhang et al. explore the discriminative and non-discriminative information exist-ing in common and view-specific parts among different views via joint non-negative matrix factorization. In this paper, we improve this algorithm on this ba-sis by using the cross entropy loss function to constrain the objective function better. At last, we implement better classification effect than original on the same data sets and show its superiority over many state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 30.Deep Learning on Multimodal Sensor Data at the Wireless Edge for Vehicular Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04712.pdf)
>  Beam selection for millimeter-wave links in a vehicular scenario is a challenging problem, as an exhaustive search among all candidate beam pairs cannot be assuredly completed within short contact times. We solve this problem via a novel expediting beam selection by leveraging multimodal data collected from sensors like LiDAR, camera images, and GPS. We propose individual modality and distributed fusion-based deep learning (F-DL) architectures that can execute locally as well as at a mobile edge computing center (MEC), with a study on associated tradeoffs. We also formulate and solve an optimization problem that considers practical beam-searching, MEC processing and sensor-to-MEC data delivery latency overheads for determining the output dimensions of the above F-DL architectures. Results from extensive evaluations conducted on publicly available synthetic and home-grown real-world datasets reveal 95% and 96% improvement in beam selection speed over classical RF-only beam sweeping, respectively. F-DL also outperforms the state-of-the-art techniques by 20-22% in predicting top-10 best beam pairs.      
### 31.When Machine Learning Meets Spectrum Sharing Security: Methodologies and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04677.pdf)
>  The exponential growth of internet connected systems has generated numerous challenges, such as spectrum shortage issues, which require efficient spectrum sharing (SS) solutions. Complicated and dynamic SS systems can be exposed to different potential security and privacy issues, requiring protection mechanisms to be adaptive, reliable, and scalable. Machine learning (ML) based methods have frequently been proposed to address those issues. In this article, we provide a comprehensive survey of the recent development of ML based SS methods, the most critical security issues, and corresponding defense mechanisms. In particular, we elaborate the state-of-the-art methodologies for improving the performance of SS communication systems for various vital aspects, including ML based cognitive radio networks (CRNs), ML based database assisted SS networks, ML based LTE-U networks, ML based ambient backscatter networks, and other ML based SS solutions. We also present security issues from the physical layer and corresponding defending strategies based on ML algorithms, including Primary User Emulation (PUE) attacks, Spectrum Sensing Data Falsification (SSDF) attacks, jamming attacks, eavesdropping attacks, and privacy issues. Finally, extensive discussions on open challenges for ML based SS are also given. This comprehensive review is intended to provide the foundation for and facilitate future studies on exploring the potential of emerging ML for coping with increasingly complex SS and their security problems.      
