# ArXiv eess --Thu, 13 Jan 2022
### 1.Safe-by-Design Planner-Tracker Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04590.pdf)
>  We present a safe-by-design trajectory planning and tracking framework for nonlinear dynamical systems using a hierarchy of system models. The planning layer uses a low-fidelity model to plan a feasible trajectory satisfying the planning constraints, and the tracking layer utilizes the high-fidelity model to design a controller that restricts the error states between the low- and high-fidelity models to a bounded set. The low-fidelity model enables the planning to be performed online (e.g. using Model Predictive Control) and the tracking controller and error bound are derived offline (e.g. using sum-of-squares programming). To provide freedom in the choice of the low-fidelity model, we allow the tracking error to depend on both the states and inputs of the planner. The goal of this article is to provide a tutorial review of this hierarchical framework and to illustrate it with examples, including a design for vehicle obstacle avoidance.      
### 2.ECONet: Efficient Convolutional Online Likelihood Network for Scribble-based Interactive Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04584.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of lung lesions associated with COVID-19 in CT images requires large amount of annotated volumes. Annotations mandate expert knowledge and are time-intensive to obtain through fully manual segmentation methods. Additionally, lung lesions have large inter-patient variations, with some pathologies having similar visual appearance as healthy lung tissues. This poses a challenge when applying existing semi-automatic interactive segmentation techniques for data labelling. To address these challenges, we propose an efficient convolutional neural networks (CNNs) that can be learned online while the annotator provides scribble-based interaction. To accelerate learning from only the samples labelled through user-interactions, a patch-based approach is used for training the network. Moreover, we use weighted cross-entropy loss to address the class imbalance that may result from user-interactions. During online inference, the learned network is applied to the whole input volume using a fully convolutional approach. We compare our proposed method with state-of-the-art and show that it outperforms existing methods on the task of annotating lung lesions associated with COVID-19, achieving 16% higher Dice score while reducing execution time by 3$\times$ and requiring 9000 lesser scribbles-based labelled voxels. Due to the online learning aspect, our approach adapts quickly to user input, resulting in high quality segmentation labels. Source code will be made available upon acceptance.      
### 3.Data-driven feedback linearisation using model predictive control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04550.pdf)
>  Linearising the dynamics of nonlinear mechanical systems is an important and open research area. In this paper, we adopt a data-driven and feedback control approach to tackle this problem. A model predictive control architecture is developed that builds upon data-driven dynamic models obtained using nonlinear system identification. The overall methodology shows a high degree of performance combined with significant robustness against imperfect modelling and extrapolation. These findings are demonstrated using large set of synthetic experiments conducted on a asymmetric Duffing oscillator and using an experimental prototype of a high-precision motion system.      
### 4.Towards Integrated Sensing and Communications for 6G  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04498.pdf)
>  For the next generation of mobile communications systems, the integration of sensing and communications promises benefits in terms of spectrum utilization, cost, latency, area and weight. In this paper, we categorize and summarize the key features and technical considerations for different integration approaches and discuss related waveform design issues for a future 6G system. We provide results on new candidate waveforms for monostatic sensing and finally highlight important open issues and directions that deserve future in-depth research.      
### 5.Power-to-Gas in a gas and electricity distribution network: a sensitivity analysis of modeling approaches  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04489.pdf)
>  Power-to-Gas (P2G) has been one of the most frequently discussed technologies in the last few years. On one hand, this technology allows CO2 free fuels to be produced, and on the other hand, thanks to its high flexibility, services to be offered to the power system that can, for example, improve the matching between Variable Renewable Energy Sources (VRES) and the electricity demand, and thus reduce problems related to VRES overproduction. The study of P2G plants connected to a transmission network used to offer flexibility to the Transmission System Operator (TSO) has been extensively analyzed in the literature. Instead, the analysis of these systems used within the distribution networks has only been dealt with in a few studies. This article presents a methodological analysis on some simulation approaches for this type of scenario. Critical conditions for the operation of such systems can in fact easily arise for distribution scenarios. It is therefore necessary to analyze the most appropriate modeling approach for these scenarios in order to avoid overestimating or underestimating the potential of P2G plants connected to distribution networks. The aim of this paper is to study the impact of some modeling approaches in order to determine whether, and under which conditions, they may be acceptable or not. An illustrative case study has been developed to perform this kind of analysis. The results have demonstrated that it is important to take into account the electric distribution network topology, as the performance of P2G plants could be affected by their placement in the network.      
### 6.Depth Estimation from Single-shot Monocular Endoscope Image Using Image Domain Adaptation And Edge-Aware Depth Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04485.pdf)
>  We propose a depth estimation method from a single-shot monocular endoscopic image using Lambertian surface translation by domain adaptation and depth estimation using multi-scale edge loss. We employ a two-step estimation process including Lambertian surface translation from unpaired data and depth estimation. The texture and specular reflection on the surface of an organ reduce the accuracy of depth estimations. We apply Lambertian surface translation to an endoscopic image to remove these texture and reflections. Then, we estimate the depth by using a fully convolutional network (FCN). During the training of the FCN, improvement of the object edge similarity between an estimated image and a ground truth depth image is important for getting better results. We introduced a muti-scale edge loss function to improve the accuracy of depth estimation. We quantitatively evaluated the proposed method using real colonoscopic images. The estimated depth values were proportional to the real depth values. Furthermore, we applied the estimated depth images to automated anatomical location identification of colonoscopic images using a convolutional neural network. The identification accuracy of the network improved from 69.2% to 74.1% by using the estimated depth images.      
### 7.Numerical and Experimental Characterization of LoRa-based Helmet-to-UAV links on Flat Lands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04472.pdf)
>  The use of the LoRa communication protocol in a new generation of transceivers is attractive for search and rescue(SaR) procedures because they can operate in harsh environmentscovering vast areas while maintaining a low power consumption.The possibility of wearing helmets equipped with LoRa-radiosand installing LoRa transceivers in unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) will accelerate the localization of the targets, probably unconscious. In this paper, the achievable communication ranges of such links are theoretically and experimentally evaluated by considering the possible positions of the helmet wearer (standing or lying) on a flat field, representing a simple SaR scenario.Simulations and experimental tests demonstrated that, for the standing position, the ground-bounce multi-path produces strong fluctuations of the received power versus the Tx-Rx distances. Such fluctuations can be kept confined within 100 m from the target by lowering the UAV altitude. Instead, for a more critical lying position, the received power profile is monotonic and nearly insensitive to the posture. For all the considered cases, the signal emitted by the body-worn transceiver can be exploited to localize the helmet wearer based on its strength, and it is theoretically detectable by the UAV radio up to 5 km on flat terrain.      
### 8.Implementation of FGPA based Channel Sounder for Large scale antenna systems using RFNoC on USRP Platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04471.pdf)
>  This paper concentrates on building a multi-antenna FPGA based Channel Sounder with single transmitter and multiple receivers to realize wireless propagation characteristics of an indoor environment. A DSSS signal (spread with a real maximum length PN sequence) is transmitted, which is correlated with the same PN sequence at each receiver to obtain the power delay profile . Multiple power delay profiles are averaged and the result is then sent to host. To utilize high bandwidth, the computationally expensive tasks related to generation and parallel correlation of PN sequences are moved to the FPGA present in each USRP (Universal Software Radio Peripheral). Channel sounder blocks were built using Vivado HLS and integrated with RFNoC (RF Network on Chip) framework, which were then used on USRP X310 devices.      
### 9.Chaos and order in event-triggered control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04462.pdf)
>  A major recent development in control theory, event-triggered control (ETC) is claimed to provide enormous reductions in sampling frequency when compared to periodic sampling. However, little is formally known about its generated traffic. This work shows that ETC can exhibit very complex traffic, sometimes even chaotic, especially when the triggering condition is aggressive in reducing communications. First, we characterize limit traffic patterns by observing invariant lines and planes through the origin, as well as their attractivity. Then, we present methods to compute limit metrics, such as limit average and limit inferior inter-sample time (IST), with considerations to the robustness of such metrics. In particular, for periodic ETC (PETC) the methods are based on symbolic abstractions and can obtain rigorous bounds for these metrics, sometimes the exact values, as well as metrics that measure chaos in the traffic patterns. The developed analyses and techniques allow us to show that, if PETC stabilizes a periodic sampling pattern, than this pattern globally stabilizes the system; in addition, we show a case of PETC with chaotic sampling whose limit average IST is higher than what can be attained with periodic sampling, proving for the first time ETC's superiority over periodic sampling.      
### 10.Accelerated Projected Gradient Method for the Optimization of Cell-Free Massive MIMO Downlink  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04440.pdf)
>  We consider the downlink of a cell-free massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) system where large number of access points (APs) simultaneously serve a group of users. Two fundamental problems are of interest, namely (i) to maximize the total spectral efficiency (SE), and (ii) to maximize the minimum SE of all users. As the considered problems are non-convex, existing solutions rely on successive convex approximation to find a sub-optimal solution. The known methods use off-the-shelf convex solvers, which basically implement an interior-point algorithm, to solve the derived convex problems. The main issue of such methods is that their complexity does not scale favorably with the problem size, limiting previous studies to cell-free massive MIMO of moderate scales. Thus the potential of cell-free massive MIMO has not been fully understood. To address this issue, we propose an accelerated projected gradient method to solve the considered problems. Particularly, the proposed solution is found in closed-form expressions and only requires the first order information of the objective, rather than the Hessian matrix as in known solutions, and thus is much more memory efficient. Numerical results demonstrate that our proposed solution achieves far less run-time, compared to other second-order methods.      
### 11.The Geometry of Navigation Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04426.pdf)
>  While many works exploiting an existing Lie group structure have been proposed for state estimation, in particular the Invariant Extended Kalman Filter (IEKF), few papers address the construction of a group structure that allows casting a given system into the framework of invariant filtering. In this paper we introduce a large class of systems encompassing most problems involving a navigating vehicle encountered in practice. For those systems we introduce a novel methodology that systematically provides a group structure for the state space, including vectors of the body frame such as biases. We use it to derive observers having properties akin to those of linear observers or filters. The proposed unifying and versatile framework encompasses all systems where IEKF has proved successful, improves state-of-the art "imperfect" IEKF for inertial navigation with sensor biases, and allows addressing novel examples, like GNSS antenna lever arm estimation.      
### 12.Optimizing Prediction of MGMT Promoter Methylation from MRI Scans using Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04416.pdf)
>  Glioblastoma Multiforme (GBM) is a malignant brain cancer forming around 48% of al brain and Central Nervous System (CNS) cancers. It is estimated that annually over 13,000 deaths occur in the US due to GBM, making it crucial to have early diagnosis systems that can lead to predictable and effective treatment. The most common treatment after GBM diagnosis is chemotherapy, which works by sending rapidly dividing cells to apoptosis. However, this form of treatment is not effective when the MGMT promoter sequence is methylated, and instead leads to severe side effects decreasing patient survivability. Therefore, it is important to be able to identify the MGMT promoter methylation status through non-invasive magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) based machine learning (ML) models. This is accomplished using the Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) 2021 dataset, which was recently used for an international Kaggle competition. We developed four primary models - two radiomic models and two CNN models - each solving the binary classification task with progressive improvements. We built a novel ML model termed as the Intermediate State Generator which was used to normalize the slice thicknesses of all MRI scans. With further improvements, our best model was able to achieve performance significantly ($p &lt; 0.05$) better than the best performing Kaggle model with a 6% increase in average cross-validation accuracy. This improvement could potentially lead to a more informed choice of chemotherapy as a treatment option, prolonging lives of thousands of patients with GBM each year.      
### 13.Towards Adversarially Robust Deep Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04397.pdf)
>  This work systematically investigates the adversarial robustness of deep image denoisers (DIDs), i.e, how well DIDs can recover the ground truth from noisy observations degraded by adversarial perturbations. Firstly, to evaluate DIDs' robustness, we propose a novel adversarial attack, namely Observation-based Zero-mean Attack ({\sc ObsAtk}), to craft adversarial zero-mean perturbations on given noisy images. We find that existing DIDs are vulnerable to the adversarial noise generated by {\sc ObsAtk}. Secondly, to robustify DIDs, we propose an adversarial training strategy, hybrid adversarial training ({\sc HAT}), that jointly trains DIDs with adversarial and non-adversarial noisy data to ensure that the reconstruction quality is high and the denoisers around non-adversarial data are locally smooth. The resultant DIDs can effectively remove various types of synthetic and adversarial noise. We also uncover that the robustness of DIDs benefits their generalization capability on unseen real-world noise. Indeed, {\sc HAT}-trained DIDs can recover high-quality clean images from real-world noise even without training on real noisy data. Extensive experiments on benchmark datasets, including Set68, PolyU, and SIDD, corroborate the effectiveness of {\sc ObsAtk} and {\sc HAT}.      
### 14.Predicting Alzheimer's Disease Using 3DMgNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04370.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's disease (AD) is an irreversible neurode generative disease of the brain.The disease may causes memory loss, difficulty communicating and disorientation. For the diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease, a series of scales are often needed to evaluate the diagnosis clinically, which not only increases the workload of doctors, but also makes the results of diagnosis highly subjective. Therefore, for Alzheimer's disease, imaging means to find early diagnostic markers has become a top priority. <br>In this paper, we propose a novel 3DMgNet architecture which is a unified framework of multigrid and convolutional neural network to diagnose Alzheimer's disease (AD). The model is trained using an open dataset (ADNI dataset) and then test with a smaller dataset of ours. Finally, the model achieved 92.133% accuracy for AD vs NC classification and significantly reduced the model parameters.      
### 15.ALTRUIST: Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers for Total Variation Regularization in Ultrasound Strain Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04363.pdf)
>  Ultrasound strain imaging, which delineates mechanical properties to detect tissue abnormalities, involves estimating the time-delay between two radio-frequency (RF) frames collected before and after tissue deformation. The existing regularized optimization-based time-delay estimation (TDE) techniques suffer from at least one of the following drawbacks: 1) The regularizer is not aligned with tissue deformation physics due to taking only the first-order displacement derivative into account. 2) The L2-norm of the displacement derivatives, which oversmoothes the estimated time-delay, is utilized as the regularizer. 3) The absolute value function's sharp corner should be approximated by a smooth function to facilitate the optimization of L1-norm. Herein, to resolve these shortcomings, we propose employing the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) for optimizing a novel cost function consisting of L2-norm data fidelity term, L1-norm first- and second-order spatial continuity terms. ADMM empowers the proposed algorithm to use different techniques for optimizing different parts of the cost function and obtain high-contrast strain images with smooth background and sharp boundaries. We name our technique ADMM for totaL variaTion RegUlarIzation in ultrasound STrain imaging (ALTRUIST). In extensive simulation, phantom, and in vivo experiments, ALTRUIST substantially outperforms GLUE, OVERWIND, and L1-SOUL, three recently-published TDE algorithms, both qualitatively and quantitatively. ALTRUIST yields 89%, 88%, and 26% improvements of contrast-to-noise ratio over L1-SOUL for simulated, phantom, and in vivo liver cancer datasets, respectively. We will publish the ALTRUIST code after the acceptance of this paper at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://code.sonography.ai" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 16.Optimal Fractional Fourier Filtering in Time-vertex Graphs signal processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04335.pdf)
>  Graph signal processing (GSP) is an effective tool in dealing with data residing in irregular domains. In GSP, the optimal graph filter is one of the essential techniques, owing to its ability to recover the original signal from the distorted and noisy version. However, most current research focuses on static graph signals and ordinary space/time or frequency domains. The time-varying graph signals have a strong ability to capture the features of real-world data, and fractional domains can provide a more suitable space to separate the signal and noise. In this paper, the optimal time-vertex graph filter and its Wiener-Hopf equation are developed, using the product graph framework. Furthermore, the optimal time-vertex graph filter in fractional domains is also developed, using the graph fractional Laplacian operator and graph fractional Fourier transform. Numerical simulations on real-world datasets will demonstrate the superiority of the optimal time-vertex graph filter in fractional domains over the optimal time-vertex graph filter in ordinary domains and the optimal static graph filter in fractional domains.      
### 17.Onboard Safety Guarantees for Racing Drones: High-speed Geofencing with Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04331.pdf)
>  This paper details the theory and implementation behind practically ensuring safety of remotely piloted racing drones. We demonstrate robust and practical safety guarantees on a 7" racing drone at speeds exceeding 100 km/h, utilizing only online computations on a 10 gram micro-controller. To achieve this goal, we utilize the framework of control barrier functions (CBFs) which give guaranteed safety encoded as forward set invariance. To make this methodology practically applicable, we present an implicitly defined CBF which leverages backup controllers to enable gradient-free evaluations that ensure safety. The method applied to hardware results in smooth, minimally conservative alterations of the pilots' desired inputs, enabling them to push the limits of their drone without fear of crashing. Moreover, the method works in conjunction with the preexisting flight controller, resulting in unaltered flight when there are no nearby safety risks. Additional benefits include safety and stability of the drone when losing line-of-sight or in the event of radio failure.      
### 18.Joint Hybrid and Passive RIS-Assisted Beamforming for MmWave MIMO Systems Relying on Dynamically Configured Subarrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04328.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) assisted millimeter-wave (mmWave) communication systems relying on hybrid beamforming structures are capable of achieving high spectral efficiency at a low hardware complexity and low power consumption. In this paper, we propose an RIS-assisted mmWave point-to-point system relying on dynamically configured sub-array connected hybrid beamforming structures. More explicitly, an energy-efficient analog beamformer relying on twin-resolution phase shifters is proposed. Then, we conceive a successive interference cancelation (SIC) based method for jointly designing the hybrid beamforming matrix of the base station (BS) and the passive beamforming matrix of the RIS. Specifically, the associated bandwidth-efficiency maximization problem is transformed into a series of sub-problems, where the sub-array of phase shifters and RIS elements are jointly optimized for maximizing each sub-array's rate. Furthermore, a greedy method is proposed for determining the phase shifter configuration of each sub-array. We then propose to update the RIS elements relying on a complex circle manifold (CCM)-based method. The proposed dynamic sub-connected structure as well as the proposed joint hybrid and passive beamforming method strikes an attractive trade-off between the bandwidth efficiency and power consumption. Our simulation results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method compared to its traditional counterparts.      
### 19.Knee Cartilage Defect Assessment by Graph Representation and Surface Convolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04318.pdf)
>  Knee osteoarthritis (OA) is the most common osteoarthritis and a leading cause of disability. Cartilage defects are regarded as major manifestations of knee OA, which are visible by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Thus early detection and assessment for knee cartilage defects are important for protecting patients from knee OA. In this way, many attempts have been made on knee cartilage defect assessment by applying convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to knee MRI. However, the physiologic characteristics of the cartilage may hinder such efforts: the cartilage is a thin curved layer, implying that only a small portion of voxels in knee MRI can contribute to the cartilage defect assessment; heterogeneous scanning protocols further challenge the feasibility of the CNNs in clinical practice; the CNN-based knee cartilage evaluation results lack interpretability. To address these challenges, we model the cartilages structure and appearance from knee MRI into a graph representation, which is capable of handling highly diverse clinical data. Then, guided by the cartilage graph representation, we design a non-Euclidean deep learning network with the self-attention mechanism, to extract cartilage features in the local and global, and to derive the final assessment with a visualized result. Our comprehensive experiments show that the proposed method yields superior performance in knee cartilage defect assessment, plus its convenient 3D visualization for interpretability.      
### 20.De-Noising of Photoacoustic Microscopy Images by Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04302.pdf)
>  As a hybrid imaging technology, photoacoustic microscopy (PAM) imaging suffers from noise due to the maximum permissible exposure of laser intensity, attenuation of ultrasound in the tissue, and the inherent noise of the transducer. De-noising is a post-processing method to reduce noise, and PAM image quality can be recovered. However, previous de-noising techniques usually heavily rely on mathematical priors as well as manually selected parameters, resulting in unsatisfactory and slow de-noising performance for different noisy images, which greatly hinders practical and clinical applications. In this work, we propose a deep learning-based method to remove complex noise from PAM images without mathematical priors and manual selection of settings for different input images. An attention enhanced generative adversarial network is used to extract image features and remove various noises. The proposed method is demonstrated on both synthetic and real datasets, including phantom (leaf veins) and in vivo (mouse ear blood vessels and zebrafish pigment) experiments. The results show that compared with previous PAM de-noising methods, our method exhibits good performance in recovering images qualitatively and quantitatively. In addition, the de-noising speed of 0.016 s is achieved for an image with $256\times256$ pixels. Our approach is effective and practical for the de-noising of PAM images.      
### 21.Joint Transmit and Reflective Beamformer Design for Secure Estimation in IRS-Aided WSNs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04278.pdf)
>  Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) comprise several spatially distributed sensor nodes that communicate over an open radio channel, thereby making the network vulnerable to eavesdroppers (EDs). As a physical layer security approach, intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) technology has recently emerged as an effective technique for security in WSNs. Unlike prior works that do not consider the role of the IRS in facilitating the parameter estimation in WSN, we propose a scheme for joint transmit and reflective beamformer (JTRB) design for secure parameter estimation at the fusion center (FC) in the presence of an ED. To solve the resulting non-convex optimization problem, we develop a semidefinite relaxation (SDR)-based iterative algorithm, which alternately yields the transmit beamformer at each sensor node and the corresponding reflection phases at the IRS, to achieve the minimum mean-squared error (MMSE) parameter estimate at the FC, subject to transmit power and ED signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) constraints. Our simulation results demonstrate robust MSE and security performance of the proposed IRS-based JTRB technique.      
### 22.Online Voltage Control for Unbalanced Distribution Networks Using Projected Newton Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04217.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an online voltage control strategy of distributed energy resources (DERs), based on the projected Newton method (PNM), for unbalanced distribution networks. The optimal Volt/VAr control (VVC) problem is formulated as an optimization program, with the goal of maintaining the voltage profile across the network by coordinating the VAr outputs of DERs. To overcome the slow convergence rate of conventional gradient-based methods, a PNM-based solution algorithm is developed to solve this VVC problem. It utilizes a non-diagonal symmetric positive definite matrix, developed from the Hessian matrix of the objective, to scale the gradient, and thus a fast convergence performance can be expected in this Newton-like algorithm. Moreover, taking advantage of the instantaneous feedback of voltage measurements, the online implementation of the PNM-based VVC is further designed to deal with fast system variations. In this online PNM-based VVC scheme, each bus agent communicates the instantaneous voltage measurements to the central agent, and the central agent communicates the VAr output commands of DERs back to each bus agent. The fast convergence performance of PNM results in a stronger capability to track the system variations in real time. Finally, numerical case studies are performed to validate the effectiveness, superiority, and scalability of the proposed method.      
### 23.Boosted-SpringDTW for Comprehensive Feature Extraction of Physiological Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04209.pdf)
>  Goal: To achieve-high quality comprehensive feature extraction from physiological signals that enables precise physiological parameter estimation despite evolving waveform morphologies. Methods: We propose Boosted-SpringDTW, a probabilistic framework that leverages dynamic time warping (DTW) and minimal domain-specific heuristics to simultaneously segment physiological signals and identify fiducial points that represent cardiac events. An automated dynamic template adapts to evolving waveform morphologies. We validate Boosted-SpringDTW performance with a benchmark PPG dataset whose morphologies include subject- and respiratory-induced variation. Results: Boosted-SpringDTW achieves precision, recall, and F1-scores over 0.96 for identifying fiducial points and mean absolute error values less than 11.41 milliseconds when estimating IBI. Conclusion: Boosted-SpringDTW improves F1-Scores compared to two baseline feature extraction algorithms by 35 percent on average for fiducial point identification and mean percent difference by 16 percent on average for IBI estimation. Significance: Precise hemodynamic parameter estimation with wearable devices enables continuous health monitoring throughout a patients' daily life.      
### 24.Model-less Robust Voltage Control in Active Distribution Networks using Sensitivity Coefficients Estimated from Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04192.pdf)
>  Measurement-rich power distribution networks may enable distribution system operators (DSOs) to adopt model-less and measurement-based monitoring and control of distributed energy resources (DERs) for mitigating grid issues such as over/under voltages and lines congestions. However, measurement-based monitoring and control applications may lead to inaccurate control decisions due to measurement errors. In particular, estimation models relying on regression-based schemes result in significant errors in the estimates (e.g., nodal voltages) especially for measurement devices with high Instrument Transformer (IT) classes. The consequences are detrimental to control performance since this may lead to infeasible decisions. This work proposes a model-less robust voltage control accounting for the uncertainties of measurement-based estimated voltage sensitivity coefficients. The coefficients and their uncertainties are obtained using a recursive least squares (RLS)-based online estimation, updated whenever new measurements are available. This formulation is applied to control distributed controllable photovoltaic (PV) generation in a distribution network to restrict the voltage within prescribed limits. The proposed scheme is validated by simulating a CIGRE low-voltage system interfacing multiple controllable PV plants.      
### 25.The Observability in Unobservable Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04186.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce the concept of observability of targeted state variables for systems that may not be fully observable. For their estimation, we introduce and exemplify a deep filter, which is a neural network specifically designed for the estimation of targeted state variables without computing the trajectory of the entire system. The observability definition is quantitative rather than a yes or no answer so that one can compare the level of observability between different sensor locations.      
### 26.Overview of the HECKTOR Challenge at MICCAI 2021: Automatic Head and Neck Tumor Segmentation and Outcome Prediction in PET/CT Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04138.pdf)
>  This paper presents an overview of the second edition of the HEad and neCK TumOR (HECKTOR) challenge, organized as a satellite event of the 24th International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer Assisted Intervention (MICCAI) 2021. The challenge is composed of three tasks related to the automatic analysis of PET/CT images for patients with Head and Neck cancer (H&amp;N), focusing on the oropharynx region. Task 1 is the automatic segmentation of H&amp;N primary Gross Tumor Volume (GTVt) in FDG-PET/CT images. Task 2 is the automatic prediction of Progression Free Survival (PFS) from the same FDG-PET/CT. Finally, Task 3 is the same as Task 2 with ground truth GTVt annotations provided to the participants. The data were collected from six centers for a total of 325 images, split into 224 training and 101 testing cases. The interest in the challenge was highlighted by the important participation with 103 registered teams and 448 result submissions. The best methods obtained a Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 0.7591 in the first task, and a Concordance index (C-index) of 0.7196 and 0.6978 in Tasks 2 and 3, respectively. In all tasks, simplicity of the approach was found to be key to ensure generalization performance. The comparison of the PFS prediction performance in Tasks 2 and 3 suggests that providing the GTVt contour was not crucial to achieve best results, which indicates that fully automatic methods can be used. This potentially obviates the need for GTVt contouring, opening avenues for reproducible and large scale radiomics studies including thousands potential subjects.      
### 27.VoxSRC 2021: The Third VoxCeleb Speaker Recognition Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04583.pdf)
>  The third instalment of the VoxCeleb Speaker Recognition Challenge was held in conjunction with Interspeech 2021. The aim of this challenge was to assess how well current speaker recognition technology is able to diarise and recognise speakers in unconstrained or `in the wild' data. The challenge consisted of: (i) the provision of publicly available speaker recognition and diarisation data from YouTube videos together with ground truth annotation and standardised evaluation software; and (ii) a virtual public challenge and workshop held at Interspeech 2021. This paper outlines the challenge, and describes the baselines, methods and results. We conclude with a discussion on the new multi-lingual focus of VoxSRC 2021, and on the progression of the challenge since the previous two editions.      
### 28.Sound Dr -- A database of Respiratory Sound and Baseline System for COVID-19 Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04581.pdf)
>  As the COVID-19 pandemic significantly affect every aspects of human life, it is urgent to provide a data for further researches. We, therefore, introduce a dataset named Sound Dr Database which provides not only quality sounds of coughing and breathing but also metadata for relevant-respiratory illness or diseases. Creating proof-of-concept systems is effective for the detection of abnormalities in the respiratory sounds of patients. These solutions will serve as effective tools to assist physicians in diagnosing respiratory disorders.      
### 29.NOMA Inspired Integrated Sensing and Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04547.pdf)
>  A non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA)-inspired integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) framework is proposed, where a dual-functional base station (BS) transmits the composite unicast communication signal and sensing signal. In contrast to treating the sensing signal as the harmful interference to communication, in this work, multiple beams of the sensing signal are employed to convey multicast information following the concept of NOMA. Then, each communication user receives multiple multicast streams and one desired unicast stream, which are detected via successive interference cancellation (SIC). Based on the proposed framework, a multiple-objective optimization problem (MOOP) is formulated for designing the transmit beamforming, which characterizes the communication-sensing trade-off. For general the multiple-user scenario, the formulated MOOP is converted to a single-objective optimization problem (SOOP) via the e-constraint method. Then, a block coordinate descent (BCD) algorithm is proposed by employing fractional programming (FP) and successive convex approximation (SCA) to find a suboptimal solution. For the special single-user scenario, the globally optimal solution can be obtained by transforming the MOOP to a quadratic semidefinite program (QSDP). Moreover, it is rigorously proved that 1) in the multiple-user scenario, the proposed framework always outperform the sensing-interference-cancellation (SenIC) ISAC frameworks by further exploiting sensing signal for delivering information; 2) in the single-user scenario, the proposed framework achieves the same performance as the existing SenIC ISAC frameworks, which reveals that the sensing interference coordination is not required in this case. Numerical results verify the theoretical results and show that exploiting one beam of the sensing signal for delivering multicast information is sufficient for the proposed framework.      
### 30.Smoothness and continuity of cost functionals for ECG mismatch computation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04487.pdf)
>  The field of cardiac electrophysiology tries to abstract, describe and finally model the electrical characteristics of a heartbeat. With recent advances in cardiac electrophysiology, models have become more powerful and descriptive as ever. However, to advance to the field of inverse electrophysiological modeling, i.e. creating models from electrical measurements such as the ECG, the less investigated field of smoothness of the simulated ECGs w.r.t. model parameters need to be further explored. The present paper discusses smoothness in terms of the whole pipeline which describes how from physiological parameters, we arrive at the simulated ECG. Employing such a pipeline, we create a test-bench of a simplified idealized left ventricle model and demonstrate the most important factors for efficient inverse modeling through smooth cost functionals. Such knowledge will be important for designing and creating inverse models in future optimization and machine learning methods.      
### 31.First Arrival Position in Molecular Communication Via Generator of Diffusion Semigroup  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04476.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of characterizing the first arrival position (FAP) density in molecular communication (MC) with a diffusion-advection channel that permits a constant drift velocity pointed to arbitrary direction. The advantage of FAP modulation lies in the fact that it could encode more information into higher dimensional spatial variables, compared to other modulation techniques using time or molecule numbers. However, effective methods to characterize the FAP density in a general framework do not exist. In this paper, we devise a methodology that fully resolves the FAP density with planar absorbing receivers in arbitrary dimensions. Our work recovers existing results of FAP in 2D and 3D as special cases. The key insight of our approach is to remove the time dependence of the MC system evolution based on the generator of diffusion semigroups.      
### 32.Machine-learning-aided Massive Hybrid Analog and Digital MIMO DOA Estimation for Future Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04452.pdf)
>  Due to a high spatial angle resolution and low circuit cost of massive hybrid analog and digital (HAD) multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO), it is viewed as a key technology for future wireless networks. Combining a massive HAD-MIMO with direction of arrinal (DOA) will provide a high-precision even ultra-high-precision DOA measurement performance approaching the fully-digital (FD) MIMO. However, phase ambiguity is a challenge issue for a massive HAD-MIMO DOA estimation. In this paper, we review three aspects: detection, estimation, and Cramer-Rao lower bound (CRLB) with low-resolution ADCs at receiver. First, a multi-layer-neural-network (MLNN) detector is proposed to infer the existence of passive emitters. Then, a two-layer HAD (TLHAD) MIMO structure is proposed to eliminate phase ambiguity using only one-snapshot. Simulation results show that the proposed MLNN detector is much better than both the existing generalized likelihood ratio test (GRLT) and the ratio of maximum eigen-value (Max-EV) to minimum eigen-value (R-MaxEV-MinEV) in terms of detection probability. Additionally, the proposed TLHAD structure can achieve the corresponding CRLB using single snapshot.      
### 33.Physics-guided Learning-based Adaptive Control on the SE(3) Manifold  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04339.pdf)
>  In real-world robotics applications, accurate models of robot dynamics are critical for safe and stable control in rapidly changing operational conditions. This motivates the use of machine learning techniques to approximate robot dynamics and their disturbances over a training set of state-control trajectories. This paper demonstrates that inductive biases arising from physics laws can be used to improve the data efficiency and accuracy of the approximated dynamics model. For example, the dynamics of many robots, including ground, aerial, and underwater vehicles, are described using their $SE(3)$ pose and satisfy conservation of energy principles. We design a physically plausible model of the robot dynamics by imposing the structure of Hamilton's equations of motion in the design of a neural ordinary differential equation (ODE) network. The Hamiltonian structure guarantees satisfaction of $SE(3)$ kinematic constraints and energy conservation by construction. It also allows us to derive an energy-based adaptive controller that achieves trajectory tracking while compensating for disturbances. Our learning-based adaptive controller is verified on an under-actuated quadrotor robot.      
### 34.Weighted Sum Rate Maximization of the mmWave Cell-Free MIMO Downlink Relying on Hybrid Precoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04332.pdf)
>  The cell-free MIMO concept relying on hybrid precoding constitutes an innovative technique capable of dramatically increasing the network capacity of millimeter-wave (mmWave) communication systems. It dispenses with the cell boundary of conventional multi-cell MIMO systems, while drastically reducing the power consumption by limiting the number of radio frequency (RF) chains at the access points (APs). In this paper, we aim for maximizing the weighted sum rate (WSR) of mmWave cell-free MIMO systems by conceiving a low-complexity hybrid precoding algorithm. We formulate the WSR optimization problem subject to the transmit power constraint for each AP and the constant-modulus constraint for the phase shifters of the analog precoders. A block coordinate descent (BCD) algorithm is proposed for iteratively solving the problem. In each iteration, the classic Lagrangian multiplier method and the penalty dual decomposition (PDD) method are combined for obtaining near-optimal hybrid analog/digital precoding matrices. Furthermore, we extend our proposed algorithm for deriving closed-form expressions for the precoders of fully digital cell-free MIMO systems. Moreover, we present the convergency analysis and complexity analysis of our proposed method. Finally, our simulation results demonstrate the superiority of the algorithms proposed for both fully digital and hybrid precoding matrices.      
### 35.Dynamical Audio-Visual Navigation: Catching Unheard Moving Sound Sources in Unmapped 3D Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04279.pdf)
>  Recent work on audio-visual navigation targets a single static sound in noise-free audio environments and struggles to generalize to unheard sounds. We introduce the novel dynamic audio-visual navigation benchmark in which an embodied AI agent must catch a moving sound source in an unmapped environment in the presence of distractors and noisy sounds. We propose an end-to-end reinforcement learning approach that relies on a multi-modal architecture that fuses the spatial audio-visual information from a binaural audio signal and spatial occupancy maps to encode the features needed to learn a robust navigation policy for our new complex task settings. We demonstrate that our approach outperforms the current state-of-the-art with better generalization to unheard sounds and better robustness to noisy scenarios on the two challenging 3D scanned real-world datasets Replica and Matterport3D, for the static and dynamic audio-visual navigation benchmarks. Our novel benchmark will be made available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://dav-nav.cs.uni-freiburg.de" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 36.Distributed Processing for Encoding and Decoding of Binary LDPC codes using MPI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04265.pdf)
>  Low Density Parity Check (LDPC) codes are linear error correcting codes used in communication systems for Forward Error Correction (FEC). But, intensive computation is required for encoding and decoding of LDPC codes, making it difficult for practical usage in general purpose software based signal processing systems. In order to accelerate the encoding and decoding of LDPC codes, distributed processing over multiple multi-core CPUs using Message Passing Interface (MPI) is performed. Implementation is done using Stream Processing and Batch Processing mechanisms and the execution time for both implementations is compared w.r.t variation in number of CPUs and number of cores per CPU. Performance evaluation of distributed processing is shown by variation in execution time w.r.t. increase in number of processors (CPU cores).      
### 37.Generating Connected, Simple, and Realistic Cyber Graphs for Smart Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04252.pdf)
>  Smart grids integrate communication systems with power networks to enable power grids operation and command through real-time data collection and control signals. Designing, analyzing, and simulating smart grid infrastructures as well as predicting the impact of power network failures strongly depend on the topologies of the underlying power network and communication system. Despite the substantial impact that the communication systems bring to smart grid operation, the topology of communication systems employed in smart grids was less studied. The power community lacks realistic generative communication system models that can be calibrated to match real-world data. To address this issue, this paper proposes a framework to generate the underlying topological graphs for the communication systems deployed in smart grids by mimicking the topology of real-world smart grids. In this regard, we have updated the Chung-Lu algorithm to guarantee the communication network connectivity and to match the degree distribution of a real-world smart grid rather than following an expected degree distribution. In addition, key characteristics of communication systems such as diameter, average shortest paths, clustering coefficients, assortativity, and spectral gap were taken into consideration to generate the most similar real-world communication network for smart grid studies. We believe that the proposed algorithm to generate realistic cyber graphs for smart grid studies will benefit the power community.      
### 38.MDPose: Human Skeletal Motion Reconstruction Using WiFi Micro-Doppler Signatures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2201.04212.pdf)
>  Motion tracking systems based on optical sensors typically often suffer from issues, such as poor lighting conditions, occlusion, limited coverage, and may raise privacy concerns. More recently, radio frequency (RF)-based approaches using commercial WiFi devices have emerged which offer low-cost ubiquitous sensing whilst preserving privacy. However, the output of an RF sensing system, such as Range-Doppler spectrograms, cannot represent human motion intuitively and usually requires further processing. In this study, MDPose, a novel framework for human skeletal motion reconstruction based on WiFi micro-Doppler signatures, is proposed. It provides an effective solution to track human activities by reconstructing a skeleton model with 17 key points, which can assist with the interpretation of conventional RF sensing outputs in a more understandable way. Specifically, MDPose has various incremental stages to gradually address a series of challenges: First, a denoising algorithm is implemented to remove any unwanted noise that may affect the feature extraction and enhance weak Doppler signatures. Secondly, the convolutional neural network (CNN)-recurrent neural network (RNN) architecture is applied to learn temporal-spatial dependency from clean micro-Doppler signatures and restore key points' velocity information. Finally, a pose optimising mechanism is employed to estimate the initial state of the skeleton and to limit the increase of error. We have conducted comprehensive tests in a variety of environments using numerous subjects with a single receiver radar system to demonstrate the performance of MDPose, and report 29.4mm mean absolute error over all key points positions, which outperforms state-of-the-art RF-based pose estimation systems.      
