# ArXiv eess --Wed, 6 Jan 2021
### 1.Rain Sensing Automatic Car Wiper Using AT89C51 Microcontroller  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01670.pdf)
>  The turn of the century has seen a tremendous rise in technological advances in the field of automobiles. With 5G technology on its way and the development in the IoT sector, cars will start interacting with each other using V2V communications and become much more autonomous. In this project, an effort is made to move in the same direction by proposing a model for an automatic car wiper system that operates on sensing rain and snow on the windshield of a car. We develop a prototype for our idea by integrating a servo motor and raindrop sensor with an AT89C51 Microcontroller.      
### 2.Radio Frequency Fingerprint Identification for LoRa Using Spectrogram and CNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01668.pdf)
>  Radio frequency fingerprint identification (RFFI) is an emerging device authentication technique that relies on intrinsic hardware characteristics of wireless devices. We designed an RFFI scheme for Long Range (LoRa) systems based on spectrogram and convolutional neural network (CNN). Specifically, we used spectrogram to represent the fine-grained time-frequency characteristics of LoRa signals. In addition, we revealed that the instantaneous carrier frequency offset (CFO) is drifting, which will result in misclassification and significantly compromise the system stability; we demonstrated CFO compensation is an effective mitigation. Finally, we designed a hybrid classifier that can adjust CNN outputs with the estimated CFO. The mean value of CFO remains relatively stable, hence it can be used to rule out CNN predictions whose estimated CFO falls out of the range. We performed experiments in real wireless environments using 20 LoRa devices under test (DUTs) and a Universal Software Radio Peripheral (USRP) N210 receiver. By comparing with the IQ-based and FFT-based RFFI schemes, our spectrogram-based scheme can reach the best classification accuracy, i.e., 97.61% for 20 LoRa DUTs.      
### 3.Incremental learning with online SVMs on LiDAR sensory data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01667.pdf)
>  The pipelines transmission system is one of the growing aspects, which has existed for a long time in the energy industry. The cost of in-pipe exploration for maintaining service always draws lots of attention in this industry. Normally exploration methods (e.g. Magnetic flux leakage and eddy current) will establish the sensors stationary for each pipe milestone or carry sensors to travel inside the pipe. It makes the maintenance process very difficult due to the massive amount of sensors. One of the solutions is to implement machine learning techniques for the analysis of sensory data. Although SVMs can resolve this issue with kernel trick, the problem is that computing the kernel depends on the data size too. It is because the process can be exaggerated quickly if the number of support vectors becomes really large. Particularly LiDAR spins with an extremely rapid rate and the flow of input data might eventually lead to massive expansion. In our proposed approach, each sample is learned in an instant way and the supported kernel is computed simultaneously. In this research, incremental learning approach with online support vector machines (SVMs) is presented, which aims to deal with LiDAR sensory data only.      
### 4.Robust R-Peak Detection in Low-Quality Holter ECGs using 1D Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01666.pdf)
>  Noise and low quality of ECG signals acquired from Holter or wearable devices deteriorate the accuracy and robustness of R-peak detection algorithms. This paper presents a generic and robust system for R-peak detection in Holter ECG signals. While many proposed algorithms have successfully addressed the problem of ECG R-peak detection, there is still a notable gap in the performance of these detectors on such low-quality ECG records. Therefore, in this study, a novel implementation of the 1D Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is used integrated with a verification model to reduce the number of false alarms. This CNN architecture consists of an encoder block and a corresponding decoder block followed by a sample-wise classification layer to construct the 1D segmentation map of R- peaks from the input ECG signal. Once the proposed model has been trained, it can solely be used to detect R-peaks possibly in a single channel ECG data stream quickly and accurately, or alternatively, such a solution can be conveniently employed for real-time monitoring on a lightweight portable device. The model is tested on two open-access ECG databases: The China Physiological Signal Challenge (2020) database (CPSC-DB) with more than one million beats, and the commonly used MIT-BIH Arrhythmia Database (MIT-DB). Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed systematic approach achieves 99.30% F1-score, 99.69% recall, and 98.91% precision in CPSC-DB, which is the best R-peak detection performance ever achieved. Compared to all competing methods, the proposed approach can reduce the false-positives and false-negatives in Holter ECG signals by more than 54% and 82%, respectively. Results also demonstrate similar or better performance than most competing algorithms on MIT-DB with 99.83% F1-score, 99.85% recall, and 99.82% precision.      
### 5.Illegal Border Cross Detection and Warning System Using IR Sensor and Node MCU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01663.pdf)
>  We often find illegal immigrants moving from one country to another. By means of land these illegal immigrants move over the fence cut the border wires and moves to the other part of the land. What do you think our soldiers are not doing their job? It is not that actually. It is very difficult to watch consistently over the border. Soldiers have a limited vision to check around the whole land mass. So for them we have come up with a solution that we have built a device that will sense the presence of an intruder (illegal immigrant). This device will be installed over the fences. When an intruder passes over the fence this device will transmit the signal to the soldiers Smartphone app (BLYNK app). The soldier will be notified with the signal and after receiving the signal, the soldier can switch on the alarm and the emergency lights via the app. By this the soldiers in the camp will be alerted and can take their respective positions and arrest the intruder which was passing the border illegally. By this device we can alert the soldiers in the border to take more safety precautions to keep our country safe. Index Terms-Node MCU ESP32, infrared sensor, Blynk app.      
### 6.3D Orientation Estimation with Multiple 5G mmWave Base Stations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01639.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of estimating the 3D orientation of a user, using the downlink mmWave signals received from multiple base stations. We show that the received signals from several base stations, having known positions, can be used to estimate the unknown orientation of the user. We formulate the estimation problem as a maximum likelihood estimation problem in the the manifold of rotation matrices. In order to provide an initial estimate to solve the non-linear non-convex optimization problem, we resort to a least squares estimation problem that exploits the underlying geometry. Our numerical results show that the problem of orientation estimation can be solved when the signals from at least two base stations are received. We also provide the orientation lower error bound, showing a narrow gap between the performance of the proposed estimators and the bound.      
### 7.Optimal Localization with Sequential Pseudorange Measurements for Moving Users in a Time Division Broadcast Positioning System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01636.pdf)
>  In a time division broadcast positioning system (TDBPS), a user device (UD) determines its position by obtaining sequential time-of-arrival (TOA) or pseudorange measurements from signals broadcast by multiple synchronized base stations (BSs). The existing localization method using sequential pseudorange measurements and a linear clock drift model for the TDPBS, namely LSPM-D, does not compensate the position displacement caused by the UD movement and will result in position error. In this paper, depending on the knowledge of the UD velocity, we develop a set of optimal localization methods for different cases. First, for known UD velocity, we develop the optimal localization method, namely LSPM-KVD, to compensate the movement-caused position error. We show that the LSPM-D is a special case of the LSPM-KVD when the UD is stationary with zero velocity. Second, for the case with unknown UD velocity, we develop a maximum likelihood (ML) method to jointly estimate the UD position and velocity, namely LSPM-UVD. Third, in the case that we have prior distribution information of the UD velocity, we present a maximum a posteriori (MAP) estimator for localization, namely LSPM-PVD. We derive the Cramer-Rao lower bound (CRLB) for all three estimators and analyze their localization error performance. We show that the position error of the LSPM-KVD increases as the assumed known velocity deviates from the true value. As expected, the LSPM-KVD has the smallest position error while the LSPM-PVD and the LSPM-UVD are more robust when the prior knowledge of the UD velocity is limited. Numerical results verify the theoretical analysis on the optimality and the positioning accuracy of the proposed methods.      
### 8.Contextual colorization and denoising for low-light ultra high resolution sequences  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01597.pdf)
>  Low-light image sequences generally suffer from spatio-temporal incoherent noise, flicker and blurring of moving objects. These artefacts significantly reduce visual quality and, in most cases, post-processing is needed in order to generate acceptable quality. Most state-of-the-art enhancement methods based on machine learning require ground truth data but this is not usually available for naturally captured low light sequences. We tackle these problems with an unpaired-learning method that offers simultaneous colorization and denoising. Our approach is an adaptation of the CycleGAN structure. To overcome the excessive memory limitations associated with ultra high resolution content, we propose a multiscale patch-based framework, capturing both local and contextual features. Additionally, an adaptive temporal smoothing technique is employed to remove flickering artefacts. Experimental results show that our method outperforms existing approaches in terms of subjective quality and that it is robust to variations in brightness levels and noise.      
### 9.Density Compensated Unrolled Networks for Non-Cartesian MRI Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01570.pdf)
>  Deep neural networks have recently been thoroughly investigated as a powerful tool for MRI reconstruction. There is a lack of research however regarding their use for a specific setting of MRI, namely non-Cartesian acquisitions. In this work, we introduce a novel kind of deep neural networks to tackle this problem, namely density compensated unrolled neural networks. We assess their efficiency on the publicly available fastMRI dataset, and perform a small ablation study. We also open source our code, in particular a Non-Uniform Fast Fourier transform for TensorFlow.      
### 10.Constrained optimisation of preliminary spacecraft configurations under the design-for-demise paradigm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01558.pdf)
>  In the past few years, the interest towards the implementation of design-for-demise measures has increased steadily. Most mid-sized satellites currently launched and already in orbit fail to comply with the casualty risk threshold of 0.0001. Therefore, satellites manufacturers and mission operators need to perform a disposal through a controlled re-entry, which has a higher cost and increased complexity. Through the design-for-demise paradigm, this additional cost and complexity can be removed as the spacecraft is directly compliant with the casualty risk regulations. However, building a spacecraft such that most of its parts will demise may lead to designs that are more vulnerable to space debris impacts, thus compromising the reliability of the mission. In fact, the requirements connected to the demisability and the survivability are in general competing. Given this competing nature, trade-off solutions can be found, which favour the implementation of design-for-demise measures while still maintaining the spacecraft resilient to space debris impacts. A multi-objective optimisation framework has been developed by the authors in previous works. The framework's objective is to find preliminary design solutions considering the competing nature of the demisability and the survivability of a spacecraft since the early stages of the mission design. In this way, a more integrated design can be achieved. The present work focuses on the improvement of the multi-objective optimisation framework by including constraints. The paper shows the application of the constrained optimisation to two relevant examples: the optimisation of a tank assembly and the optimisation of a typical satellite configuration.      
### 11.Brain Tumor Segmentation and Survival Prediction using Automatic Hard mining in 3D CNN Architecture  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01546.pdf)
>  We utilize 3-D fully convolutional neural networks (CNN) to segment gliomas and its constituents from multimodal Magnetic Resonance Images (MRI). The architecture uses dense connectivity patterns to reduce the number of weights and residual connections and is initialized with weights obtained from training this model with BraTS 2018 dataset. Hard mining is done during training to train for the difficult cases of segmentation tasks by increasing the dice similarity coefficient (DSC) threshold to choose the hard cases as epoch increases. On the BraTS2020 validation data (n = 125), this architecture achieved a tumor core, whole tumor, and active tumor dice of 0.744, 0.876, 0.714,respectively. On the test dataset, we get an increment in DSC of tumor core and active tumor by approximately 7%. In terms of DSC, our network performances on the BraTS 2020 test data are 0.775, 0.815, and 0.85 for enhancing tumor, tumor core, and whole tumor, respectively. Overall survival of a subject is determined using conventional machine learning from rediomics features obtained using a generated segmentation mask. Our approach has achieved 0.448 and 0.452 as the accuracy on the validation and test dataset.      
### 12.Intelligent reflecting surface assisted multi-cell multi-band wireless networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01382.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) is deemed as a promising and revolutionizing technology for future wireless communication systems owing to its capability to intelligently change the propagation environment and introduce a new dimension into wireless communication optimization. Most existing studies on IRS are based on an ideal reflection model. However, it is difficult to implement an IRS which can simultaneously realize any adjustable phase shift for the signals with different frequencies. Therefore, the practical phase shift model, which can describe the difference of IRS phase shift responses for the signals with different frequencies, should be utilized in the IRS optimization for wideband and multi-band systems. In this paper, we consider an IRS-assisted multi-cell multi-band system, in which different base stations (BSs) operate at different frequency bands. We aim to jointly design the transmit beamforming of BSs and the reflection beamforming of the IRS to minimize the total transmit power subject to signal to interference-plus-noise ratio (SINR) constraints of individual user and the practical IRS reflection model. With the aid of the practical phase shift model, the influence between the signals with different frequencies is taken into account during the design of IRS. Simulation results illustrate the importance of considering the practical communication scenario on the IRS designs and validate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm.      
### 13.Analysis of the satellite navigational data in the Baseband signal processing of Galileo E5 AltBOC signal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01381.pdf)
>  The advancement in the world of global satellite systems has enhanced the accuracy and reliability between various constellations. However, these enhancements have made numerous challenges for the receivers designer. For instance, comparing the acquisition and tracking of the Galileo signals turn into relatively complex processes after the utilization of Alternate Binary Offset Carrier AltBOC modulation scheme. This paper presents an efficient and unique method for comparing baseband signal processing of the complex receiver structure of the Galileo E5 AltBOC signal. More specifically, the data demodulation has attained after comparing the noisy satellite data sets with the clean data sets. Moreover, the paper presents the implementation of signal acquisition, code tracking, multipath noise characteristics, and carrier tracking for various datasets of the satellite after the eradication of noise. The results obtained in the paper are promising and provide the through treatment to the problem.      
### 14.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Enabled Full-Duplex/Half-Duplex Cooperative Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01307.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the downlink transmission of reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided cooperative non-orthogonal-multiple-access (C-NOMA), where both half-duplex (HD) and full-duplex (FD) relaying modes are considered. The system model consists of one base station (BS), two users and one RIS. The goal is to minimize the total transmit power at both the BS and at the user-cooperating relay for each relaying mode by jointly optimizing the power allocation coefficients at the BS, the transmit power coefficient at the relay user, and the passive beamforming at the RIS, subject to power budget constraints, the successive interference cancellation constraint and the minimum required quality-of-service at both cellular users. To address the high-coupled optimization variables, an efficient algorithm is proposed by invoking an alternating optimization approach that decomposes the original problem into a power allocation sub-problem and a passive beamforming sub-problem, which are solved alternately. For the power allocation sub-problem, the optimal closed-form expressions for the power allocation coefficients are derived. Meanwhile, the semi-definite relaxation approach is exploited to tackle the passive beamforming sub-problem. The simulation results validate the accuracy of the derived power control closed-form expressions and demonstrate the gain in the total transmit power brought by integrating the RIS in C-NOMA networks.      
### 15.Model-based Fault Injection Experiments for the Safety Analysis of Exoskeleton System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01283.pdf)
>  Model-based fault injection methods are widely used for the evaluation of fault tolerance in safety-critical control systems. In this paper, we introduce a new model-based fault injection method implemented as a highlycustomizable Simulink block called FIBlock. It supports the injection of typical faults of essential heterogeneous components of Cyber-Physical Systems, such as sensors, computing hardware, and network. The FIBlock GUI allows the user to select a fault type and configure multiple parameters to tune error magnitude, fault activation time, and fault exposure duration. Additional trigger inputs and outputs of the block enable the modeling of conditional faults. Furthermore, two or more FIBlocks connected with these trigger signals can model chained errors. The proposed fault injection method is demonstrated with a lower-limb EXO-LEGS exoskeleton, an assistive device for the elderly in everyday life. The EXO-LEGS model-based dynamic control is realized in the Simulink environment and allows easy integration of the aforementioned FIBlocks. Exoskeletons, in general, being a complex CPS with multiple sensors and actuators, are prone to hardware and software faults. In the case study, three types of faults were investigated: 1) sensor freeze, 2) stuck-at-0, 3) bit-flip. The fault injection experiments helped to determine faults that have the most significant effects on the overall system reliability and identify the fine line for the critical fault duration after that the controller could no longer mitigate faults.      
### 16.Real Time Operation of High-Capacity Electric Vehicle Ridesharing Fleets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01274.pdf)
>  We study the feasibility of using electric vehicles in online, high-capacity ridepooling systems. Prior work has shown that online algorithms perform well for centrally-controlled, high-capacity ridepool systems. First, we propose a mixed integer linear program to expand past algorithms on ridepooling to electric vehicles fleets with the objective of scheduling vehicle charging to maintain sufficient fleet sizes at various times of day. Then we show a faster, scalable algorithm with similar performance that is practical for full-scale systems. Our contributions show the importance of having knowledge and estimates of future demand even when operating in the online setting.      
### 17.PSF Estimation in Crowded Astronomical Imagery as a Convolutional Dictionary Learning Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01268.pdf)
>  We present a new algorithm for estimating the Point Spread Function (PSF) in wide-field astronomical images with extreme source crowding. Robust and accurate PSF estimation in crowded astronomical images dramatically improves the fidelity of astrometric and photometric measurements extracted from wide-field sky monitoring imagery. Our radically new approach utilizes convolutional sparse representations to model the continuous functions involved in the image formation. This approach avoids the need to detect and precisely localize individual point sources that is shared by existing methods. In experiments involving simulated astronomical imagery, it significantly outperforms the recent alternative method with which it is compared.      
### 18.Prior Knowledge Input to Improve LSTM Auto-encoder-based Characterization of Vehicular Sensing Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01259.pdf)
>  Precision in event characterization in connected vehicles has become increasingly important with the responsive connectivity that is available to the modern vehicles. Event characterization via vehicular sensors are utilized in safety and autonomous driving applications in vehicles. While characterization systems have been shown to be capable of predicting the risky driving patterns, precision of such systems still remains an open issue. The major issues against the driving event characterization systems need to be addressed in connected vehicle settings, which are the heavy imbalance and the event infrequency of the driving data and the existence of the time-series detection systems that are optimized for vehicular settings. To overcome the problems, we introduce the application of the prior-knowledge input method to the characterization systems. Furthermore, we propose a recurrent-based denoising auto-encoder network to populate the existing data for a more robust training process. The results of the conducted experiments show that the introduction of knowledge-based modelling enables the existing systems to reach significantly higher accuracy and F1-score levels. Ultimately, the combination of the two methods enables the proposed model to attain 14.7\% accuracy boost over the baseline by achieving an accuracy of 0.96.      
### 19.CFAR-Based Interference Mitigation for FMCW Automotive Radar Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01257.pdf)
>  In this paper, constant false alarm rate (CFAR) detector-based approaches are proposed for interference mitigation of Frequency modulated continuous wave (FMCW) radars. The proposed methods exploit the fact that after dechirping and low-pass filtering operations the targets' beat signals of FMCW radars are composed of exponential sinusoidal components while interferences exhibit short chirp waves within a sweep. The spectra of interferences in the time-frequency ($t$-$f$) domain are detected by employing a 1-D CFAR detector along each frequency bin and then the detected map is dilated as a mask for interference suppression. They are applicable to the scenarios in the presence of multiple interferences. Compared to the existing methods, the proposed methods reduce the power loss of useful signals and are very computationally efficient. Their interference mitigation performances are demonstrated through both numerical simulations and experimental results.      
### 20.Explainable Neural Network-based Modulation Classification via Concept Bottleneck Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01239.pdf)
>  While RFML is expected to be a key enabler of future wireless standards, a significant challenge to the widespread adoption of RFML techniques is the lack of explainability in deep learning models. This work investigates the use of CB models as a means to provide inherent decision explanations in the context of DL-based AMC. Results show that the proposed approach not only meets the performance of single-network DL-based AMC algorithms, but provides the desired model explainability and shows potential for classifying modulation schemes not seen during training (i.e. zero-shot learning).      
### 21.Advances in Electron Microscopy with Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01178.pdf)
>  This doctoral thesis covers some of my advances in electron microscopy with deep learning. Highlights include a comprehensive review of deep learning in electron microscopy; large new electron microscopy datasets for machine learning, dataset search engines based on variational autoencoders, and automatic data clustering by t-distributed stochastic neighbour embedding; adaptive learning rate clipping to stabilize learning; generative adversarial networks for compressed sensing with spiral, uniformly spaced and other fixed sparse scan paths; recurrent neural networks trained to piecewise adapt sparse scan paths to specimens by reinforcement learning; improving signal-to-noise; and conditional generative adversarial networks for exit wavefunction reconstruction from single transmission electron micrographs. This thesis adds to my publications by presenting their relationships, reflections, and holistic conclusions. This copy of my thesis is typeset for online dissemination to improve readability, whereas the thesis submitted to the University of Warwick in support of my application for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy in Physics will be typeset for physical printing and binding.      
### 22.Nonlinear Filter for Simultaneous Localization and Mapping on a Matrix Lie Group using IMU and Feature Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01648.pdf)
>  Simultaneous Localization and Mapping (SLAM) is a process of concurrent estimation of the vehicle's pose and feature locations with respect to a frame of reference. This paper proposes a computationally cheap geometric nonlinear SLAM filter algorithm structured to mimic the nonlinear motion dynamics of the true SLAM problem posed on the matrix Lie group of $\mathbb{SLAM}_{n}\left(3\right)$. The nonlinear filter on manifold is proposed in continuous form and it utilizes available measurements obtained from group velocity vectors, feature measurements and an inertial measurement unit (IMU). The unknown bias attached to velocity measurements is successfully handled by the proposed estimator. Simulation results illustrate the robustness of the proposed filter in discrete form demonstrating its utility for the six-degrees-of-freedom (6 DoF) pose estimation as well as feature estimation in three-dimensional (3D) space. In addition, the quaternion representation of the nonlinear filter for SLAM is provided. Keywords: Simultaneous Localization and Mapping, Nonlinear observer algorithm for SLAM, inertial measurement unit, inertial vision system, pose, position, attitude, landmark, estimation, IMU, SE(3), SO(3), unmanned aerial vehicle, rigid-body, noise, nonlinear observer for SLAM, Gaussian filter, Kalman filtering, navigation.      
### 23.Learning the Predictability of the Future  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01600.pdf)
>  We introduce a framework for learning from unlabeled video what is predictable in the future. Instead of committing up front to features to predict, our approach learns from data which features are predictable. Based on the observation that hyperbolic geometry naturally and compactly encodes hierarchical structure, we propose a predictive model in hyperbolic space. When the model is most confident, it will predict at a concrete level of the hierarchy, but when the model is not confident, it learns to automatically select a higher level of abstraction. Experiments on two established datasets show the key role of hierarchical representations for action prediction. Although our representation is trained with unlabeled video, visualizations show that action hierarchies emerge in the representation.      
### 24.Instance Segmentation for Direct Measurements of Satellites in Metal Powders and Automated Microstructural Characterization from Image Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01585.pdf)
>  We propose instance segmentation as a useful tool for image analysis in materials science. Instance segmentation is an advanced technique in computer vision which generates individual segmentation masks for every object of interest that is recognized in an image. Using an out-of-the-box implementation of Mask R-CNN, instance segmentation is applied to images of metal powder particles produced through gas atomization. Leveraging transfer learning allows for the analysis to be conducted with a very small training set of labeled images. As well as providing another method for measuring the particle size distribution, we demonstrate the first direct measurements of the satellite content in powder samples. After analyzing the results for the labeled data dataset, the trained model was used to generate measurements for a much larger set of unlabeled images. The resulting particle size measurements showed reasonable agreement with laser scattering measurements. The satellite measurements were self-consistent and showed good agreement with the expected trends for different samples. Finally, we provide a small case study showing how instance segmentation can be used to measure spheroidite content in the UltraHigh Carbon Steel Database, demonstrating the flexibility of the technique.      
### 25.Context-Aware Security for 6G Wireless The Role of Physical Layer Security  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01536.pdf)
>  Sixth generation systems are expected to face new security challenges, while opening up new frontiers towards context awareness in the wireless edge. The workhorse behind this projected technological leap will be a whole new set of sensing capabilities predicted for 6G devices, in addition to the ability to achieve high precision localization. The combination of these enhanced traits can give rise to a new breed of context-aware security protocols, following the quality of security (QoSec) paradigm. In this framework, physical layer security solutions emerge as competitive candidates for low complexity, low-delay and low-footprint, adaptive, flexible and context aware security schemes, leveraging the physical layer of the communications in genuinely cross-layer protocols, for the first time.      
### 26.An efficient feature-preserving PDE algorithm for image denoising based on a spatial-fractional anisotropic diffusion equation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01496.pdf)
>  How to effectively remove the noise while preserving the image structure features is a challenging issue in the field of image denoising. In recent years, fractional PDE based methods have attracted more and more research efforts due to the ability to balance the noise removal and the preservation of image edges and textures. Among the existing fractional PDE algorithms, there are only a few using spatial fractional order derivatives, and all the fractional derivatives involved are one-sided derivatives. In this paper, an efficient feature-preserving fractional PDE algorithm is proposed for image denoising based on a nonlinear spatial-fractional anisotropic diffusion equation. Two-sided Grumwald-Letnikov fractional derivatives were used in the PDE model which are suitable to depict the local self-similarity of images. The Short Memory Principle is employed to simplify the approximation scheme. Experimental results show that the proposed method is of a satisfactory performance, i.e. it keeps a remarkable balance between noise removal and feature preserving, and has an extremely high structural retention property.      
### 27.Support Vector Machine and YOLO for a Mobile Food Grading System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01418.pdf)
>  Food quality and safety are of great concern to society since it is an essential guarantee not only for human health but also for social development, and stability. Ensuring food quality and safety is a complex process. All food processing stages should be considered, from cultivating, harvesting and storage to preparation and consumption. Grading is one of the essential processes to control food quality. This paper proposed a mobile visual-based system to evaluate food grading. Specifically, the proposed system acquires images of bananas when they are on moving conveyors. A two-layer image processing system based on machine learning is used to grade bananas, and these two layers are allocated on edge devices and cloud servers, respectively. Support Vector Machine (SVM) is the first layer to classify bananas based on an extracted feature vector composed of color and texture features. Then, the a You Only Look Once (YOLO) v3 model further locating the peel's defected area and determining if the inputs belong to the mid-ripened or well-ripened class. According to experimental results, the first layer's performance achieved an accuracy of 98.5% while the accuracy of the second layer is 85.7%, and the overall accuracy is 96.4%.      
### 28.Chance-constrained quasi-convex optimization with application to data-driven switched systems control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01415.pdf)
>  We study quasi-convex optimization problems, where only a subset of the constraints can be sampled, and yet one would like a probabilistic guarantee on the obtained solution with respect to the initial (unknown) optimization problem. Even though our results are partly applicable to general quasi-convex problems, in this work we introduce and study a particular subclass, which we call "quasi-linear problems". We provide optimality conditions for these problems. Thriving on this, we extend the approach of chance-constrained convex optimization to quasi-linear optimization problems. Finally, we show that this approach is useful for the stability analysis of black-box switched linear systems, from a finite set of sampled trajectories. It allows us to compute probabilistic upper bounds on the JSR of a large class of switched linear systems.      
### 29.Tutorial I: Learning the Principles of Mobile Radio Propagation through Smartphone and CRFO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01406.pdf)
>  In this tutorial, we present three simple smartphone based experiments for understanding the basic concepts of mobile communications such as pathloss, Shadow fading, and small scale fading. We also explain the use of Collaborative Radio Frequency Observatory (CRFO), an online platform, for visualizing radio coverage maps.      
### 30.A Splitting-Detection Joint-Decision Receiver for Ultrasonic Intra-Body Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01369.pdf)
>  Ultrasonic intra-body communication (IBC) is a promising enabling technology for future healthcare applications, due to low attenuation and medical safety of ultrasonic waves for the human body. A splitting receiver, referred to as the splitting-detection separate-decision (SDSD) receiver, is introduced for ultrasonic pulse-based IBCs, and SDSD can significantly improve bit-error rate (BER) performance over the traditional coherent-detection (CD) and energy detection (ED) receivers. To overcome the high complexity and improve the BER performance of SDSD, a splitting-detection joint-decision (SDJD) receiver is proposed. The core idea of SDJD is to split the received signal into two steams that can be separately processed by CD and ED, and then summed up as joint decision variables to achieve diversity combining. The theoretical channel capacity and BER of the SDSD and SDJD are derived for M-ary pulse position modulation (M-PPM) and PPM with spreading codes. The derivation takes into account the channel noise, intra-body channel fading, and channel estimation error. Simulation results verify the theoretical analysis and show that both SDSD and SDJD can achieve higher channel capacity and lower BER than the CD and ED receivers with perfect channel estimation, while SDJD can achieve the lowest BER with imperfect channel estimation.      
### 31.Fixed-MAML for Few Shot Classification in Multilingual Speech Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01356.pdf)
>  In this paper, we analyze the feasibility of applying few-shot learning to speech emotion recognition task (SER). The current speech emotion recognition models work exceptionally well but fail when then input is multilingual. Moreover, when training such models, the models' performance is suitable only when the training corpus is vast. This availability of a big training corpus is a significant problem when choosing a language that is not much popular or obscure. We attempt to solve this challenge of multilingualism and lack of available data by turning this problem into a few-shot learning problem. We suggest relaxing the assumption that all N classes in an N-way K-shot problem be new and define an N+F way problem where N and F are the number of emotion classes and predefined fixed classes, respectively. We propose this modification to the Model-Agnostic MetaLearning (MAML) algorithm to solve the problem and call this new model F-MAML. This modification performs better than the original MAML and outperforms on EmoFilm dataset.      
### 32.Development of a Respiratory Sound Labeling Software for Training a Deep Learning-Based Respiratory Sound Analysis Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01352.pdf)
>  Respiratory auscultation can help healthcare professionals detect abnormal respiratory conditions if adventitious lung sounds are heard. The state-of-the-art artificial intelligence technologies based on deep learning show great potential in the development of automated respiratory sound analysis. To train a deep learning-based model, a huge number of accurate labels of normal breath sounds and adventitious sounds are needed. In this paper, we demonstrate the work of developing a respiratory sound labeling software to help annotators identify and label the inhalation, exhalation, and adventitious respiratory sound more accurately and quickly. Our labeling software integrates six features from MATLAB Audio Labeler, and one commercial audio editor, RX7. As of October, 2019, we have labeled 9,765 15-second-long audio files of breathing lung sounds, and accrued 34,095 inhalation labels,18,349 exhalation labels, 13,883 continuous adventitious sounds (CASs) labels and 15,606 discontinuous adventitious sounds (DASs) labels, which are significantly larger than previously published studies. The trained convolutional recurrent neural networks based on these labels showed good performance with F1-scores of 86.0% on inhalation event detection, 51.6% on CASs event detection and 71.4% on DASs event detection. In conclusion, our results show that our proposed respiratory sound labeling software could easily pre-define a label, perform one-click labeling, and overall facilitate the process of accurately labeling. This software helps develop deep learning-based models that require a huge amount of labeled acoustic data.      
### 33.Joint Deep Reinforcement Learning and Unfolding: Beam Selection and Precoding for mmWave Multiuser MIMO with Lens Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01336.pdf)
>  The millimeter wave (mmWave) multiuser multiple-input multiple-output (MU-MIMO) systems with discrete lens arrays (DLA) have received great attention due to their simple hardware implementation and excellent performance. In this work, we investigate the joint design of beam selection and digital precoding matrices for mmWave MU-MIMO systems with DLA to maximize the sum-rate subject to the transmit power constraint and the constraints of the selection matrix structure. The investigated non-convex problem with discrete variables and coupled constraints is challenging to solve and an efficient framework of joint neural network (NN) design is proposed to tackle it. Specifically, the proposed framework consists of a deep reinforcement learning (DRL)-based NN and a deep-unfolding NN, which are employed to optimize the beam selection and digital precoding matrices, respectively. As for the DRL-based NN, we formulate the beam selection problem as a Markov decision process and a double deep Q-network algorithm is developed to solve it. The base station is considered to be an agent, where the state, action, and reward function are carefully designed. Regarding the design of the digital precoding matrix, we develop an iterative weighted minimum mean-square error algorithm induced deep-unfolding NN, which unfolds this algorithm into a layerwise structure with introduced trainable parameters. Simulation results verify that this jointly trained NN remarkably outperforms the existing iterative algorithms with reduced complexity and stronger robustness.      
### 34.A Linearly Convergent Algorithm for Distributed Principal Component Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01300.pdf)
>  Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is the workhorse tool for dimensionality reduction in this era of big data. While often overlooked, the purpose of PCA is not only to reduce data dimensionality, but also to yield features that are uncorrelated. This paper focuses on this dual objective of PCA, namely, dimensionality reduction and decorrelation of features, which requires estimating the eigenvectors of a data covariance matrix, as opposed to only estimating the subspace spanned by the eigenvectors. The ever-increasing volume of data in the modern world often requires storage of data samples across multiple machines, which precludes the use of centralized PCA algorithms. Although a few distributed solutions to the PCA problem have been proposed recently, convergence guarantees and/or communications overhead of these solutions remain a concern. With an eye towards communications efficiency, this paper introduces a feedforward neural network-based one time-scale distributed PCA algorithm termed Distributed Sanger's Algorithm (DSA) that estimates the eigenvectors of a data covariance matrix when data are distributed across an undirected and arbitrarily connected network of machines. Furthermore, the proposed algorithm is shown to converge linearly to a neighborhood of the true solution. Numerical results are also shown to demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed solution.      
### 35.A Survey on Integrated Access and Backhaul Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01286.pdf)
>  Benefiting from the usage of the high-frequency band, utilizing part of the large available bandwidth for wireless backhauling is feasible without considerable performance sacrifice. In this context, integrated access and backhaul (IAB) was proposed by 3GPP to reduce the fiber optics deployment cost of 5G and beyond networks. In this paper, we first give a brief introduction of IAB based on the 3GPP release. After that, we survey existing research on IAB networks, the integrations of IAB to cache-enabled network, optical communication transport network, and the non-terrestrial network. Finally, we discuss the challenges and opportunities that might arise while developing and commercializing IAB networks.      
### 36.Generalized RNN beamformer for target speech separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01280.pdf)
>  Recently we proposed an all-deep-learning minimum variance distortionless response (ADL-MVDR) method where the unstable matrix inverse and principal component analysis (PCA) operations in the MVDR were replaced by recurrent neural networks (RNNs). However, it is not clear whether the success of the ADL-MVDR is owed to the calculated covariance matrices or following the MVDR formula. In this work, we demonstrate the importance of the calculated covariance matrices and propose three types of generalized RNN beamformers (GRNN-BFs) where the beamforming solution is beyond the MVDR and optimal. The GRNN-BFs could predict the frame-wise beamforming weights by leveraging on the temporal modeling capability of RNNs. The proposed GRNN-BF method obtains better performance than the state-of-the-art ADL-MVDR and the traditional mask-based MVDR methods in terms of speech quality (PESQ), speech-to-noise ratio (SNR), and word error rate (WER).      
### 37.Control of Stochastic Quantum Dynamics with Differentiable Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01190.pdf)
>  Controlling stochastic dynamics of a quantum system is an indispensable task in fields such as quantum information processing and metrology. Yet, there is no general ready-made approach to design efficient control strategies. Here, we propose a framework for the automated design of control schemes based on differentiable programming ($\partial \mathrm{P}$). We apply this approach to state preparation and stabilization of a qubit subjected to homodyne detection. To this end, we formulate the control task as an optimization problem where the loss function quantifies the distance from the target state and we employ neural networks (NNs) as controllers. The system's time evolution is governed by a stochastic differential equation (SDE). To implement efficient training, we backpropagate the gradient information from the loss function through the SDE solver using adjoint sensitivity methods. As a first example, we feed the quantum state to the controller and focus on different methods to obtain gradients. As a second example, we directly feed the homodyne detection signal to the controller. The instantaneous value of the homodyne current contains only very limited information on the actual state of the system, covered in unavoidable photon-number fluctuations. Despite the resulting poor signal-to-noise ratio, we can train our controller to prepare and stabilize the qubit to a target state with a mean fidelity around 85%. We also compare the solutions found by the NN to a hand-crafted control strategy.      
### 38.Design of a Dynamic Parameter-Controlled Chaotic-PRNG in a 65nm CMOS process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.01173.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present the design of a new chaotic map circuit with a 65nm CMOS process. This chaotic map circuit uses a dynamic parameter-control topology and generates a wide chaotic range. We propose two designs of dynamic parameter-controlled chaotic map (DPCCM)-based pseudo-random number generators (PRNG). The randomness of the generated sequence is verified using three different statistical tests, namely, NIST SP 800-22 test, FIPS PUB 140-2 test, and Diehard test. Our first design offers a throughput of 200 MS/s with an on-chip area of 0.024mm2 and a power consumption of 2.33mW. The throughput of our second design is 300 MS/s with an area consumption of 0.132mm2 and power consumption of 2.14mW. The wider chaotic range and lower-overhead, offered by our designs, can be highly suitable for various applications such as, logic obfuscation, chaos-based cryptography, re-configurable random number generation,and hard-ware security for resource-constrained edge devices like IoT.      
