# ArXiv eess --Mon, 18 Jan 2021
### 1.Task-driven Self-supervised Bi-channel Networks Learning for Diagnosis of Breast Cancers with Mammography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06228.pdf)
>  Deep learning can promote the mammography-based computer-aided diagnosis (CAD) for breast cancers, but it generally suffers from the small size sample problem. In this work, a task-driven self-supervised bi-channel networks (TSBNL) framework is proposed to improve the performance of classification network with limited mammograms. In particular, a new gray-scale image mapping (GSIM) task for image restoration is designed as the pretext task to improve discriminate feature representation with label information of mammograms. The TSBNL then innovatively integrates this image restoration network and the downstream classification network into a unified SSL framework, and transfers the knowledge from the pretext network to the classification network with improved diagnostic accuracy. The proposed algorithm is evaluated on a public INbreast mammogram dataset. The experimental results indicate that it outperforms the conventional SSL algorithms for diagnosis of breast cancers with limited samples.      
### 2.Kalman filter based MIMO CSI phase recovery for COTS WiFi devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06186.pdf)
>  Recently channel state information (CSI) measurements from commercial multi input multi output (MIMO) WiFi systems have been ubiquitously used for different wireless sensing applications. However, the phase of the CSI realizations is usually distorted severely by phase errors due to the hardware impairments, which significantly reduce the sensing performance. In this paper, we directly utilize the modeling of the phase distortions caused by the hardware impairments and propose an adaptive CSI estimation approach based on Kalman filter (KF) with maximum a posteriori (MAP) estimation that considers the CSI from the previous time. The performance of the proposed algorithm is compared against the Cramer Rao lower bound (CRLB). Simulation and experimental results demonstrate that our approach can track the channel variations while eliminating the phase errors accurately.      
### 3.Spoofing attack detection in dynamic channels with imperfect CSI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06185.pdf)
>  Recently, channel state information (CSI) at the physical-layer has been utilized to detect spoofing attacks in wireless communications. However, due to hardware impairments and communication noise, the CSI cannot be estimated accurately, which significantly degrades the attack detection performance. Besides, the reliability of CSI based detection schemes is challenged by time-varying scenarios. To address these issues, we propose an adaptive Kalman based detection scheme. By utilizing the knowledge of the predicted channel we eliminate the channel estimation error, especially the random phase error which occurs due to the lack of synchronization between transmitter and receiver. Furthermore, we define a Kalman residual based test statistic for attack detection. Simulation results show that our proposed scheme makes the detection more robust at low signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) and in dynamic scenarios.      
### 4.Data-Driven Controller Design via Finite-Horizon Dissipativity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06156.pdf)
>  Given a single measured trajectory of a discrete-time linear time-invariant system, we present a framework for data-driven controller design for closed-loop finite-horizon dissipativity. First, we parametrize all closed-loop trajectories using the given data of the plant and a model of the controller. We then provide an approach to validate the controller by verifying closed-loop dissipativity in the standard feedback loop based on this parametrization. The developed conditions allow us to state the corresponding controller synthesis problem as a quadratic matrix inequality feasibility problem. Hence, we obtain purely data-driven synthesis conditions leading to a desired closed-loop dissipativity property. Finally, the results are illustrated with a simulation example.      
### 5.Estimation of the Frequency of Occurrence of Italian Phonemes in Text  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06147.pdf)
>  The purpose of this project was to derive a reliable estimate of the frequency of occurrence of the 30 phonemes - plus consonant geminated counterparts - of the Italian language, based on four selected written texts. Since no comparable dataset was found in previous literature, the present analysis may serve as a reference in future studies. Four textual sources were considered: Come si fa una tesi di laurea: le materie umanistiche by Umberto Eco, I promessi sposi by Alessandro Manzoni, a recent article in Corriere della Sera (a popular daily Italian newspaper), and In altre parole by Jhumpa Lahiri. The sources were chosen to represent varied genres, subject matter, time periods, and writing styles. Results of the analysis, which also included an analysis of variance, showed that, for all four sources, the frequencies of occurrence reached relatively stable values after about 6,000 phonemes (approx. 1,250 words), varying by &lt;0.025%. Estimated frequencies are provided for each single source and as an average across sources.      
### 6.Hyperspectral Image Classification -- Traditional to Deep Models: A Survey for Future Prospects  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06116.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral Imaging (HSI) has been extensively utilized in many real-life applications because it benefits from the detailed spectral information contained in each pixel. Notably, the complex characteristics i.e., the nonlinear relation among the captured spectral information and the corresponding object of HSI data make accurate classification challenging for traditional methods. In the last few years, deep learning (DL) has been substantiated as a powerful feature extractor that effectively addresses the nonlinear problems that appeared in a number of computer vision tasks. This prompts the deployment of DL for HSI classification (HSIC) which revealed good performance. This survey enlists a systematic overview of DL for HSIC and compared state-of-the-art strategies of the said topic. Primarily, we will encapsulate the main challenges of traditional machine learning for HSIC and then we will acquaint the superiority of DL to address these problems. This survey breakdown the state-of-the-art DL frameworks into spectral-features, spatial-features, and together spatial-spectral features to systematically analyze the achievements (future directions as well) of these frameworks for HSIC. Moreover, we will consider the fact that DL requires a large number of labeled training examples whereas acquiring such a number for HSIC is challenging in terms of time and cost. Therefore, this survey discusses some strategies to improve the generalization performance of DL strategies which can provide some future guidelines.      
### 7.Modeling and Analysis of Three Properties of Mobile Interactive Systems Based on Variable Petri Nets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06104.pdf)
>  Due to the mobility and frequent disconnections, the correctness of mobile interaction systems, such as mobile robot systems and mobile payment systems, are often difficult to analyze. This paper introduces three critical properties of systems, called system connectivity, interaction soundness and data validity, and presents a related modeling and analysis method, based on a kind of Petri nets called VPN. For a given system, a model including component nets and interaction structure nets is constructed by using VPNs. The component net describes the internal process of each component, while the interaction structure net reflects the dynamic interaction between components. Based on this model, three properties are defined and analyzed. The case study of a practical mobile payment system shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 8.Chance constrained sets approximation: A probabilistic scaling approach -- EXTENDED VERSION  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06052.pdf)
>  In this paper, a sample-based procedure for obtaining simple and computable approximations of chance-constrained sets is proposed. The procedure allows to control the complexity of the approximating set, by defining families of simple-approximating sets of given complexity. A probabilistic scaling procedure then allows to rescale these sets to obtain the desired probabilistic guarantees. The proposed approach is shown to be applicable in several problem in systems and control, such as the design of Stochastic Model Predictive Control schemes or the solution of probabilistic set membership estimation problems.      
### 9.Impact of Phase Noise and Oscillator Stability on Ultra-Narrow-Band-IoT Waveforms for Satellite  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06016.pdf)
>  It has been shown that ultra-narrow-band (uNB) massive machine type communication using very compact devices with direct access to satellites is possible at ultra low rate. This enables global ubiquitous coverage for terminals without terrestrial service in the Internet of Remote Things and provides access to any satellite up to the the geostationary earth orbit. The lower data rate for waveforms providing uNB communication is set by the stability and the phase noise of the applied oscillators. In this paper we analyze the physical layer of two candidate waveforms, which are LoRa and Unipolar Coded Chirp-Spread Spectrum (UCSS) with respect to phase noise and oscillator frequency drifts. It is figured out that UCSS is more robust against linear frequency drifts, which is the main source of error for uNB transmissions.      
### 10.Joint Positioning and Tracking via NR Sidelink in 5G-Empowered Industrial IoT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06003.pdf)
>  The fifth generation (5G) mobile networks with enhanced connectivity and positioning capabilities play an increasingly important role in the development of autonomous and other advanced industrial systems. In this article, we address the prospects of 5G New Radio (NR) sidelink based ad-hoc networks and their applicability for increasing the situational awareness, in terms of continuous tracking of moving connected machines and vehicles, in industrial systems. For increased system flexibility and fast deployments, we assume that the locations of the so-called anchor nodes are unknown, and describe an extended Kalman filter-based joint positioning and tracking framework in which the locations of both the anchor nodes and the target nodes can be estimated simultaneously. We assess and demonstrate the achievable 3D positioning and tracking performance in the context of a realistic industrial warehouse facility, through extensive ray-tracing based evaluations at the 26 GHz NR band. Our findings show that when both angle-based and time-based measurements are utilized, reaching sub-1 meter accuracy is realistic and that the system is also relatively robust against different node geometries. Finally, several research challenges towards achieving robust, high-performance and cost-efficient positioning solutions are outlined and discussed, identifying various potential directions for future work.      
### 11.A Vehicles Control Model to Alleviate Traffic Instability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05998.pdf)
>  While bringing convenience to people, the growing number of vehicles on road already cause inevitable traffic congestion. Some traffic congestion happen with observable reasons, but others occur without apparent reasons or bottlenecks, which referred to as phantom jams, are caused by traditional vehicle following model. In order to alleviate the traffic instability caused by phantom jam, several models have been proposed with the development of intelligent transportation system (ITS). these have been proved to be able to suppress traffic instability in the ideal situation. But in road scenarios, uncertainties of vehicle state measurements and time delay caused by on-board sensors, inter-vehicle communications and control system of vehicles will affect the performance of the existing models severely, and cannot be ignored. In this paper, a novel predictable bilateral control model-PBCM, which consists of best estimation and state prediction is proposed to determine accurate acceleration values of the host vehicle in traffic flow to alleviate traffic instability. Theoretical analysis and simulation results show that our model could reduce the influence of the measurement errors and the delay caused by communication and control system effectively, control the state of the vehicles in traffic flow accurately, thus achieve the goal of restrain the instability of traffic flow.      
### 12.Neural Network-derived perfusion maps: a Model-free approach to computed tomography perfusion in patients with acute ischemic stroke  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05992.pdf)
>  Purpose: In this study we investigate whether a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) can generate clinically relevant parametric maps from CT perfusion data in a clinical setting of patients with acute ischemic stroke. Methods: Training of the CNN was done on a subset of 100 perfusion data, while 15 samples were used as validation. All the data used for the training/validation of the network and to generate ground truth (GT) maps, using a state-of-the-art deconvolution-algorithm, were previously pre-processed using a standard pipeline. Validation was carried out through manual segmentation of infarct core and penumbra on both CNN-derived maps and GT maps. Concordance among segmented lesions was assessed using the Dice and the Pearson correlation coefficients across lesion volumes. Results: Mean Dice scores from two different raters and the GT maps were &gt; 0.70 (good-matching). Inter-rater concordance was also high and strong correlation was found between lesion volumes of CNN maps and GT maps (0.99, 0.98). Conclusion: Our CNN-based approach generated clinically relevant perfusion maps that are comparable to state-of-the-art perfusion analysis methods based on deconvolution of the data. Moreover, the proposed technique requires less information to estimate the ischemic core and thus might allow the development of novel perfusion protocols with lower radiation dose.      
### 13.MFFCN: Multi-layer Feature Fusion Convolution Network for Audio-visual Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05975.pdf)
>  The purpose of speech enhancement is to extract target speech signal from a mixture of sounds generated from several sources. Speech enhancement can potentially benefit from the visual information from the target speaker, such as lip move-ment and facial expressions, because the visual aspect of speech isessentially unaffected by acoustic environment. In order to fuse audio and visual information, an audio-visual fusion strategy is proposed, which goes beyond simple feature concatenation and learns to automatically align the two modalities, leading to more powerful representation which increase intelligibility in noisy conditions. The proposed model fuses audio-visual featureslayer by layer, and feed these audio-visual features to each corresponding decoding layer. Experiment results show relative improvement from 6% to 24% on test sets over the audio modalityalone, depending on audio noise level. Moreover, there is a significant increase of PESQ from 1.21 to 2.06 in our -15 dB SNR experiment.      
### 14.Real-time Power System Simulation with Hardware Devices through DNP3 in Cyber-Physical Testbed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05965.pdf)
>  Modern power grids are dependent on communication systems for data collection, visualization, and control. Distributed Network Protocol 3 (DNP3) is commonly used in supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems in power systems to allow control system software and hardware to communicate. To study the dependencies between communication network security, power system data collection, and industrial hardware, it is important to enable communication capabilities with real-time power system simulation. In this paper, we present the integration of new functionality of a power systems dynamic simulation package into our cyber-physical power system testbed that supports real-time power system data transfer using DNP3, demonstrated with an industrial real-time automation controller (RTAC). The usage and configuration of DNP3 with real-world equipment in to achieve power system monitoring and control of a large-scale synthetic electric grid via this DNP3 communication is presented. Then, an exemplar of DNP3 data collection and control is achieved in software and hardware using the 2000-bus Texas synthetic grid.      
### 15.Determine Disturbance Locations in Power Grids using Bicubic 2D Interpolation on Electromechanical Wave-front Propagation Delay  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05963.pdf)
>  This study presents a method to locate power system disturbance using wide-area synchrophasor measurements. The merits of the proposed method include robustness and easy for visualization. In addition, the proposed method facilitates the calculation of electromechanical wave propagation speed distribution. An example of locating the disturbance and generating the propagation speed distribution is demonstrated based on FNET/GridEye, a distribution-level wide-area measurement system. Without losing generality, the proposed method can be implemented in any other wide-area measurement systems.      
### 16.Experimental Validation of Eco-Driving and Eco-Heating Strategies for Connected and Automated HEVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05944.pdf)
>  This paper presents experimental results that validate eco-driving and eco-heating strategies developed for connected and automated vehicles (CAVs). By exploiting vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) communications, traffic signal timing, and queue length estimations, optimized and smoothed speed profiles for the ego-vehicle are generated to reduce energy consumption. Next, the planned eco-trajectories are incorporated into a real-time predictive optimization framework that coordinates the cabin thermal load (in cold weather) with the speed preview, i.e., eco-heating. To enable eco-heating, the engine coolant (as the only heat source for cabin heating) and the cabin air are leveraged as two thermal energy storages. Our eco-heating strategy stores thermal energy in the engine coolant and cabin air while the vehicle is driving at high speeds, and releases the stored energy slowly during the vehicle stops for cabin heating without forcing the engine to idle to provide the heating source. To test and validate these solutions, a power-split hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) has been instrumented for cabin thermal management, allowing to regulate heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system inputs (cabin temperature setpoint and blower flow rate) in real-time. Experiments were conducted to demonstrate the energy-saving benefits of eco-driving and eco-heating strategies over real-world city driving cycles at different cold ambient temperatures. The data confirmed average fuel savings of 14.5% and 4.7% achieved by eco-driving and eco-heating, respectively, offering a combined energy saving of more than 19% when comparing to the baseline vehicle driven by a human driver with a constant-heating strategy.      
### 17.Integration of IRS in Indoor VLC Systems: Challenges, Potential and Promising Solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05927.pdf)
>  Visible light communication (VLC) is an optical wireless communication technology that is considered a promising solution for high-speed indoor connectivity. Unlike the case in conventional radio-frequency wireless systems, the VLC channel is not isotropic, meaning that the device orientation affects the channel gain significantly. In addition, due to the use of optical frequency bands, the presence of different obstacles (e.g., walls, human bodies, furniture) may easily block the VLC links. One solution to overcome these issues is the integration of the intelligent reflective surface (IRS), which is a new and revolutionizing technology that has the potential to significantly improve the performance of wireless networks. IRS is capable of smartly reconfiguring the wireless propagation environment with the use of massive low-cost passive reflecting elements integrated on a planar surface. In this paper, a framework for integrating IRS in indoor VLC systems is presented. We give an overview of IRS, including its advantages, different types and main applications in VLC systems, where we demonstrate the potential of IRS in overcoming the effects of random device orientation and links blockages. We discuss key factors pertaining to the design and integration of IRS in VLC systems, namely, the deployment of IRSs, the channel state information acquisition, the optimization of IRS configuration and the real-time IRS control. We also lay out a number of promising research directions that center around the integration of IRS in indoor VLC systems.      
### 18.Transmission-and-Distribution Frequency Dynamic Co-Simulation Framework for Distributed Energy Resources Frequency Response  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05894.pdf)
>  The rapid deployment of distributed energy resources (DERs) in distribution networks has brought challenges to balance the system and stabilize frequency. DERs have the ability to provide frequency regulation; however, existing dynamic frequency simulation tools-which were developed mainly for the transmission system-lack the capability to simulate distribution network dynamics with high penetrations of DERs. Although electromagnetic transient (EMT) simulation tools can simulate distribution network dynamics, the computation efficiency limits their use for large-scale transmission-and-distribution (T&amp;D) simulations. This paper presents an efficient T&amp;D dynamic frequency co-simulation framework for DER frequency response based on the HELICS platform and existing off-the-shelf simulators. The challenge of synchronizing frequency between the transmission network and DERs hosted in the distribution network is approached by detailed modeling of DERs in frequency dynamic models while DER phasor models are also preserved in the distribution networks. Thereby, local voltage constraints can be respected when dispatching the DER power for frequency response. The DER frequency responses (primary and secondary)-are simulated in case studies to validate the proposed framework. Lastly, fault-induced delayed voltage recovery (FIDVR) event of a large system is presented to demonstrate the efficiency and effectiveness of the overall framework.      
### 19.Transactive Framework for Dynamic Energy Storage Allocation for Critical Load Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05890.pdf)
>  With the increased penetration of Distributed Energy Resources and Renewable Energy Systems (RES), the conventional distribution grid is advancing towards a transactive framework supervised by a distribution system operator (DSO). However, the inherent uncertainty of RES poses a challenge in meeting the power demand of critical infrastructures in the microgrid unless sufficient battery energy storage is maintained. Yet, maintaining expensive battery storage increases the operating cost of the DSO. In this article, we propose a dynamic resource allocation strategy to optimize the battery reserve requirement while ensuring the critical demand is met with a provable guarantee. Our solution is built upon stochastic control techniques where we model the uncertain nature of RES with geometric Brownian motion. Our proposed scheme enables the DSO to optimize the RES and battery reserve allocation to eliminate the risk of over or underproduction. We apply the proposed scheme to derive battery reserve allocation strategy for conventional and transactive grid settings. Finally, we present numerical simulations under three different scenarios of multiple microgrids with uncertain renewable generation with detailed comparison of the performance of the proposed algorithm for conventional and transactive grid. The simulation results demonstrate the efficacy of the proposed transactive stochastic control algorithm.      
### 20.GPU Acceleration for Synthetic Aperture Sonar Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05888.pdf)
>  Synthetic aperture sonar (SAS) image reconstruction, or beamforming as it is often referred to within the SAS community, comprises a class of computationally intensive algorithms for creating coherent high-resolution imagery from successive spatially varying sonar pings. Image reconstruction is usually performed topside because of the large compute burden necessitated by the procedure. Historically, image reconstruction required significant assumptions in order to produce real-time imagery within an unmanned underwater vehicle's (UUV's) size, weight, and power (SWaP) constraints. However, these assumptions result in reduced image quality. In this work, we describe ASASIN, the Advanced Synthetic Aperture Sonar Imagining eNgine. ASASIN is a time domain backprojection image reconstruction suite utilizing graphics processing units (GPUs) allowing real-time operation on UUVs without sacrificing image quality. We describe several speedups employed in ASASIN allowing us to achieve this objective. Furthermore, ASASIN's signal processing chain is capable of producing 2D and 3D SAS imagery as we will demonstrate. Finally, we measure ASASIN's performance on a variety of GPUs and create a model capable of predicting performance. We demonstrate our model's usefulness in predicting run-time performance on desktop and embedded GPU hardware.      
### 21.Harmonization and the Worst Scanner Syndrome  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06255.pdf)
>  We show that for a wide class of harmonization/domain-invariance schemes several undesirable properties are unavoidable. If a predictive machine is made invariant to a set of domains, the accuracy of the output predictions (as measured by mutual information) is limited by the domain with the least amount of information to begin with. If a real label value is highly informative about the source domain, it cannot be accurately predicted by an invariant predictor. These results are simple and intuitive, but we believe that it is beneficial to state them for medical imaging harmonization.      
### 22.CPU Scheduling in Data Centers Using Asynchronous Finite-Time Distributed Coordination Mechanisms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06139.pdf)
>  We propose an asynchronous iterative scheme which allows a set of interconnected nodes to distributively reach an agreement to within a pre-specified bound in a finite number of steps. While this scheme could be adopted in a wide variety of applications, we discuss it within the context of task scheduling for data centers. In this context, the algorithm is guaranteed to approximately converge to the optimal scheduling plan, given the available resources, in a finite number of steps. Furthermore, being asynchronous, the proposed scheme is able to take in account the uncertainty that can be introduced from straggler nodes or communication issues in the form of latency variability while still converging to the target objective. In addition, by using extensive empirical evaluation through simulations we show that the proposed method exhibits state-of-the-art performance.      
### 23.Let's Share VMs: Optimal Placement and Pricing across Base Stations in MEC Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06129.pdf)
>  In mobile edge computing (MEC) systems, users offload computationally intensive tasks to edge servers at base stations. However, with unequal demand across the network, there might be excess demand at some locations and underutilized resources at other locations. To address such load-unbalanced problem in MEC systems, in this paper we propose virtual machines (VMs) sharing across base stations. Specifically, we consider the joint VM placement and pricing problem across base stations to match demand and supply and maximize revenue at the network level. To make this problem tractable, we decompose it into master and slave problems. For the placement master problem, we propose a Markov approximation algorithm MAP on the design of a continuous time Markov chain. As for the pricing slave problem, we propose OPA - an optimal VM pricing auction, where all users are truthful. Furthermore, given users' potential untruthful behaviors, we propose an incentive compatible auction iCAT along with a partitioning mechanism PUFF, for which we prove incentive compatibility and revenue guarantees. Finally, we combine MAP and OPA or PUFF to solve the original problem, and analyze the optimality gap. Simulation results show that collaborative base stations increases revenue by up to 50%.      
### 24.Constraint Handling in Continuous-Time DDP-Based Model Predictive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.06067.pdf)
>  The Sequential Linear Quadratic (SLQ) algorithm is a continuous-time variant of the well-known Differential Dynamic Programming (DDP) technique with a Gauss-Newton Hessian approximation. This family of methods has gained popularity in the robotics community due to its efficiency in solving complex trajectory optimization problems. However, one major drawback of DDP-based formulations is their inability to properly incorporate path constraints. In this paper, we address this issue by devising a constrained SLQ algorithm that handles a mixture of constraints with a previously implemented projection technique and a new augmented-Lagrangian approach. By providing an appropriate multiplier update law, and by solving a single inner and outer loop iteration, we are able to retrieve suboptimal solutions at rates suitable for real-time model-predictive control applications. We particularly focus on the inequality-constrained case, where three augmented-Lagrangian penalty functions are introduced, along with their corresponding multiplier update rules. These are then benchmarked against a relaxed log-barrier formulation in a cart-pole swing up example, an obstacle-avoidance task, and an object-pushing task with a quadrupedal mobile manipulator.      
### 25.Interaction-Aware Behavior Planning for Autonomous Vehicles Validated with Real Traffic Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05985.pdf)
>  Autonomous vehicles (AVs) need to interact with other traffic participants who can be either cooperative or aggressive, attentive or inattentive. Such different characteristics can lead to quite different interactive behaviors. Hence, to achieve safe and efficient autonomous driving, AVs need to be aware of such uncertainties when they plan their own behaviors. In this paper, we formulate such a behavior planning problem as a partially observable Markov Decision Process (POMDP) where the cooperativeness of other traffic participants is treated as an unobservable state. Under different cooperativeness levels, we learn the human behavior models from real traffic data via the principle of maximum likelihood. Based on that, the POMDP problem is solved by Monte-Carlo Tree Search. We verify the proposed algorithm in both simulations and real traffic data on a lane change scenario, and the results show that the proposed algorithm can successfully finish the lane changes without collisions.      
### 26.Scalable Learning of Safety Guarantees for Autonomous Systems using Hamilton-Jacobi Reachability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05916.pdf)
>  Autonomous systems like aircraft and assistive robots often operate in scenarios where guaranteeing safety is critical. Methods like Hamilton-Jacobi reachability can provide guaranteed safe sets and controllers for such systems. However, often these same scenarios have unknown or uncertain environments, system dynamics, or predictions of other agents. As the system is operating, it may learn new knowledge about these uncertainties and should therefore update its safety analysis accordingly. However, work to learn and update safety analysis is limited to small systems of about two dimensions due to the computational complexity of the analysis. In this paper we synthesize several techniques to speed up computation: decomposition, warm-starting, and adaptive grids. Using this new framework we can update safe sets by one or more orders of magnitude faster than prior work, making this technique practical for many realistic systems. We demonstrate our results on simulated 2D and 10D near-hover quadcopters operating in a windy environment.      
### 27.How Shift Equivariance Impacts Metric Learning for Instance Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.05846.pdf)
>  Metric learning has received conflicting assessments concerning its suitability for solving instance segmentation tasks. It has been dismissed as theoretically flawed due to the shift equivariance of the employed CNNs and their respective inability to distinguish same-looking objects. Yet it has been shown to yield state of the art results for a variety of tasks, and practical issues have mainly been reported in the context of tile-and-stitch approaches, where discontinuities at tile boundaries have been observed. To date, neither of the reported issues have undergone thorough formal analysis. In our work, we contribute a comprehensive formal analysis of the shift equivariance properties of encoder-decoder-style CNNs, which yields a clear picture of what can and cannot be achieved with metric learning in the face of same-looking objects. In particular, we prove that a standard encoder-decoder network that takes $d$-dimensional images as input, with $l$ pooling layers and pooling factor $f$, has the capacity to distinguish at most $f^{dl}$ same-looking objects, and we show that this upper limit can be reached. Furthermore, we show that to avoid discontinuities in a tile-and-stitch approach, assuming standard batch size 1, it is necessary to employ valid convolutions in combination with a training output window size strictly greater than $f^l$, while at test-time it is necessary to crop tiles to size $n\cdot f^l$ before stitching, with $n\geq 1$. We complement these theoretical findings by discussing a number of insightful special cases for which we show empirical results on synthetic data.      
### 28.A Recurrent Neural Network Approach to Roll Estimation for Needle Steering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2101.04856.pdf)
>  Steerable needles are a promising technology for delivering targeted therapies in the body in a minimally-invasive fashion, as they can curve around anatomical obstacles and hone in on anatomical targets. In order to accurately steer them, controllers must have full knowledge of the needle tip's orientation. However, current sensors either do not provide full orientation information or interfere with the needle's ability to deliver therapy. Further, torsional dynamics can vary and depend on many parameters making steerable needles difficult to accurately model, limiting the effectiveness of traditional observer methods. To overcome these limitations, we propose a model-free, learned-method that leverages LSTM neural networks to estimate the needle tip's orientation online. We validate our method by integrating it into a sliding-mode controller and steering the needle to targets in gelatin and ex vivo ovine brain tissue. We compare our method's performance against an Extended Kalman Filter, a model-based observer, achieving significantly lower targeting errors.      
