# ArXiv eess --Wed, 17 Mar 2021
### 1.ReconResNet: Regularised Residual Learning for MR Image Reconstruction of Undersampled Cartesian and Radial Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09203.pdf)
>  MRI is an inherently slow process, which leads to long scan time for high-resolution imaging. The speed of acquisition can be increased by ignoring parts of the data (undersampling). Consequently, this leads to the degradation of image quality, such as loss of resolution or introduction of image artefacts. This work aims to reconstruct highly undersampled Cartesian or radial MR acquisitions, with better resolution and with less to no artefact compared to conventional techniques like compressed sensing. In recent times, deep learning has emerged as a very important area of research and has shown immense potential in solving inverse problems, e.g. MR image reconstruction. In this paper, a deep learning based MR image reconstruction framework is proposed, which includes a modified regularised version of ResNet as the network backbone to remove artefacts from the undersampled image, followed by data consistency steps that fusions the network output with the data already available from undersampled k-space in order to further improve reconstruction quality. The performance of this framework for various undersampling patterns has also been tested, and it has been observed that the framework is robust to deal with various sampling patterns, even when mixed together while training, and results in very high quality reconstruction, in terms of high SSIM (highest being 0.990$\pm$0.006 for acceleration factor of 3.5), while being compared with the fully sampled reconstruction. It has been shown that the proposed framework can successfully reconstruct even for an acceleration factor of 20 for Cartesian (0.968$\pm$0.005) and 17 for radially (0.962$\pm$0.012) sampled data. Furthermore, it has been shown that the framework preserves brain pathology during reconstruction while being trained on healthy subjects.      
### 2.Mobility-Aware Offloading and Resource Allocation in MEC-Enabled IoT Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09180.pdf)
>  Mobile edge computing (MEC)-enabled Internet of Things (IoT) networks have been deemed a promising paradigm to support massive energy-constrained and computation-limited IoT devices. IoT with mobility has found tremendous new services in the 5G era and the forthcoming 6G eras such as autonomous driving and vehicular communications. However, mobility of IoT devices has not been studied in the sufficient level in the existing works. In this paper, the offloading decision and resource allocation problem is studied with mobility consideration. The long-term average sum service cost of all the mobile IoT devices (MIDs) is minimized by jointly optimizing the CPU-cycle frequencies, the transmit power, and the user association vector of MIDs. An online mobility-aware offloading and resource allocation (OMORA) algorithm is proposed based on Lyapunov optimization and Semi-Definite Programming (SDP). Simulation results demonstrate that our proposed scheme can balance the system service cost and the delay performance, and outperforms other offloading benchmark methods in terms of the system service cost.      
### 3.Impact of Electric Vehicles Botnets on the Power Grid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09153.pdf)
>  The increased penetration of Electric Vehicles (EVs) in the transportation sector has increased the requirement of Fast Charging Direct Current (FCDC) stations to meet customer's speedy charging requirements. However, both charging stations and EVs connection to the communication infrastructure as well as the power grid makes it vulnerable to cyber attacks. In this paper, the vulnerability of the EV charging process is initially studied. We then show how a botnet of compromised EVs and FCDC stations can be utilized to launch cyber attacks on the power grid resulting in an increase in the load at a specific time. The effect of such attacks on the distribution network in terms of line congestion and voltage limit violations is investigated. Moreover, the effect of the botnet of the transmission network is also studied.      
### 4.DiCOVA Challenge: Dataset, task, and baseline system for COVID-19 diagnosis using acoustics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09148.pdf)
>  The DiCOVA challenge aims at accelerating research in diagnosing COVID-19 using acoustics (DiCOVA), a topic at the intersection of speech and audio processing, respiratory health diagnosis, and machine learning. This challenge is an open call for researchers to analyze a dataset of sound recordings collected from COVID-19 infected and non-COVID-19 individuals for a two-class classification. These recordings were collected via crowdsourcing from multiple countries, through a website application. The challenge features two tracks, one focuses on using cough sounds, and the other on using a collection of breath, sustained vowel phonation, and number counting speech recordings. In this paper, we introduce the challenge and provide a detailed description of the dataset, task, and present a baseline system for the task.      
### 5.Air-to-Ground Directional Channel Sounder With 64-antenna Dual-polarized Cylindrical Array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09135.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs), popularly called drones, are an important part of future wireless communications, either as user equipment that needs communication with a ground station, or as base station in a 3D network. For both the analysis of the "useful" links, and for investigation of possible interference to other ground-based nodes, an understanding of the air-to-ground channel is required. Since ground-based nodes often are equipped with antenna arrays, the channel investigations need to account for it. This study presents a massive MIMO-based air-to-ground channel sounder we have recently developed in our lab, which can perform measurements for the aforementioned requirements. After outlining the principle and functionality of the sounder, we present sample measurements that demonstrate the capabilities, and give first insights into air-to-ground massive MIMO channels in an urban environment. Our results provide a platform for future investigations and possible enhancements of massive MIMO systems.      
### 6.Unsupervised Anomaly Segmentation using Image-Semantic Cycle Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09094.pdf)
>  The goal of unsupervised anomaly segmentation (UAS) is to detect the pixel-level anomalies unseen during training. It is a promising field in the medical imaging community, e.g, we can use the model trained with only healthy data to segment the lesions of rare diseases. Existing methods are mainly based on Information Bottleneck, whose underlying principle is modeling the distribution of normal anatomy via learning to compress and recover the healthy data with a low-dimensional manifold, and then detecting lesions as the outlier from this learned distribution. However, this dimensionality reduction inevitably damages the localization information, which is especially essential for pixel-level anomaly detection. In this paper, to alleviate this issue, we introduce the semantic space of healthy anatomy in the process of modeling healthy-data distribution. More precisely, we view the couple of segmentation and synthesis as a special Autoencoder, and propose a novel cycle translation framework with a journey of 'image-&gt;semantic-&gt;image'. Experimental results on the BraTS and ISLES databases show that the proposed approach achieves significantly superior performance compared to several prior methods and segments the anomalies more accurately.      
### 7.Robust satisfiability check and online control synthesis for uncertain systems under signal temporal logic specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09091.pdf)
>  This paper studies the robust satisfiability check and online control synthesis problems for uncertain discrete-time systems subject to signal temporal logic (STL) specifications. Different from existing techniques, this work proposes an approach based on STL, reachability analysis, and temporal logic trees. Firstly, a real-time version of STL semantics and a tube-based temporal logic tree are proposed. We show that such a tree can be constructed from every STL formula. Secondly, using the tube-based temporal logic tree, a sufficient condition is obtained for the robust satisfiability check of the uncertain system. When the underlying system is deterministic, a necessary and sufficient condition for satisfiability is obtained. Thirdly, an online control synthesis algorithm is designed. It is shown that when the STL formula is robustly satisfiable and the initial state of the system belongs to the initial root node of the tube-based temporal logic tree, it is guaranteed that the trajectory generated by the controller satisfies the STL formula. The effectiveness of the proposed approach is verified by an automated car overtaking example.      
### 8.Cooperation in lot-sizing problems with heterogeneous costs: the effect of consolidated periods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09086.pdf)
>  We consider a cooperative game defined by an economic lot-sizing problem with heterogeneous costs over a finite time horizon, in which each firm faces demand for a single product in each period and coalitions can pool orders. The model of cooperation works as follows: ordering channels and holding and backlogging technologies are shared among the members of the coalitions. This implies that each firm uses the best ordering channel and holding technology provided by the participants in the consortium. That is, they purchase, hold inventory, pay backlogged demand and make orders at the minimum cost of the coalition members. Thus, firms aim at satisfying their demand over the planing horizon with minimal operation cost. Our contribution is to show that there exist fair allocations of the overall operation cost among the firms so that no group of agents profit from leaving the consortium. Then we propose a parametric family of cost allocations and provide sufficient conditions for this to be a stable family against coalitional defections of firms. Finally, we focus on those periods of the time horizon that are consolidated and we analyze their effect on the stability of cost allocations.      
### 9.Exact Sparse Orthogonal Dictionary Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09085.pdf)
>  Over the past decade, learning a dictionary from input images for sparse modeling has been one of the topics which receive most research attention in image processing and compressed sensing. Most existing dictionary learning methods consider an over-complete dictionary, such as the K-SVD method, which may result in high mutual incoherence and therefore has a negative impact in recognition. On the other side, the sparse codes are usually optimized by adding the $\ell_0$ or $\ell_1$-norm penalty, but with no strict sparsity guarantee. In this paper, we propose an orthogonal dictionary learning model which can obtain strictly sparse codes and orthogonal dictionary with global sequence convergence guarantee. We find that our method can result in better denoising results than over-complete dictionary based learning methods, and has the additional advantage of high computation efficiency.      
### 10.Optical Convolutional Neural Networks -- Combining Silicon Photonics and Fourier Optics for Computer Vision  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09044.pdf)
>  The Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) is a state-of-the-art architecture for a wide range of deep learning problems, the quintessential example of which is computer vision. CNNs principally employ the convolution operation, which can be accelerated using the Fourier transform. In this paper, we present an optical hardware accelerator that combines silicon photonics and free-space optics, leveraging the use of the optical Fourier transform within several CNN architectures. The hardware presented is a proof of concept, demonstrating that this technology can be applied to artificial intelligence problems with a large efficiency boost with respect to canonical methods.      
### 11.Invertible Residual Network with Regularization for Effective Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09042.pdf)
>  Deep Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) i.e. Residual Networks (ResNets) have been used successfully for many computer vision tasks, but are difficult to scale to 3D volumetric medical data. Memory is increasingly often the bottleneck when training 3D Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Recently, invertible neural networks have been applied to significantly reduce activation memory footprint when training neural networks with backpropagation thanks to the invertible functions that allow retrieving its input from its output without storing intermediate activations in memory to perform the backpropagation. <br>Among many successful network architectures, 3D Unet has been established as a standard architecture for volumetric medical segmentation. Thus, we choose 3D Unet as a baseline for a non-invertible network and we then extend it with the invertible residual network. In this paper, we proposed two versions of the invertible Residual Network, namely Partially Invertible Residual Network (Partially-InvRes) and Fully Invertible Residual Network (Fully-InvRes). In Partially-InvRes, the invertible residual layer is defined by a technique called additive coupling whereas in Fully-InvRes, both invertible upsampling and downsampling operations are learned based on squeezing (known as pixel shuffle). Furthermore, to avoid the overfitting problem because of less training data, a variational auto-encoder (VAE) branch is added to reconstruct the input volumetric data itself. Our results indicate that by using partially/fully invertible networks as the central workhorse in volumetric segmentation, we not only reduce memory overhead but also achieve compatible segmentation performance compared against the non-invertible 3D Unet. We have demonstrated the proposed networks on various volumetric datasets such as iSeg 2019 and BraTS 2020.      
### 12.Robust approximate symbolic models for a class of continuous-time uncertain nonlinear systems via a control interface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09024.pdf)
>  Discrete abstractions have become a standard approach to assist control synthesis under complex specifications. Most techniques for the construction of a discrete abstraction for a continuous-time system require time-space discretization of the concrete system, which constitutes property satisfaction for the continuous-time system non-trivial. In this work, we aim at relaxing this requirement by introducing a control interface. Firstly, we connect the continuous-time uncertain concrete system with its discrete deterministic state-space abstraction with a control interface. Then, a novel stability notion called $\eta$-approximate controlled globally practically stable, and a new simulation relation called robust approximate simulation relation are proposed. It is shown that the uncertain concrete system, under the condition that there exists an admissible control interface such that the augmented system (composed of the concrete system and its abstraction) can be made $\eta$-approximate controlled globally practically stable, robustly approximately simulates its discrete abstraction. The effectiveness of the proposed results is illustrated by two simulation examples.      
### 13.Unsupervised Missing Cone Deep Learning in Optical Diffraction Tomography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09022.pdf)
>  Optical diffraction tomography (ODT) produces three dimensional distribution of refractive index (RI) by measuring scattering fields at various angles. Although the distribution of RI index is highly informative, due to the missing cone problem stemming from the limited-angle acquisition of holograms, reconstructions have very poor resolution along axial direction compared to the horizontal imaging plane. To solve this issue, here we present a novel unsupervised deep learning framework, which learns the probability distribution of missing projection views through optimal transport driven cycleGAN. Experimental results show that missing cone artifact in ODT can be significantly resolved by the proposed method.      
### 14.AEC in a NetShell: On Target and Topology Choices for FCRN Acoustic Echo Cancellation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09007.pdf)
>  Acoustic echo cancellation (AEC) algorithms have a long-term steady role in signal processing, with approaches improving the performance of applications such as automotive hands-free systems, smart home and loudspeaker devices, or web conference systems. Just recently, very first deep neural network (DNN)-based approaches were proposed with a DNN for joint AEC and residual echo suppression (RES)/noise reduction, showing significant improvements in terms of echo suppression performance. Noise reduction algorithms, on the other hand, have enjoyed already a lot of attention with regard to DNN approaches, with the fully convolutional recurrent network (FCRN) architecture being among state of the art topologies. The recently published impressive echo cancellation performance of joint AEC/RES DNNs, however, so far came along with an undeniable impairment of speech quality. In this work we will heal this issue and significantly improve the near-end speech component quality over existing approaches. Also, we propose for the first time-to the best of our knowledge-a pure DNN AEC in the form of an echo estimator, that is based on a competitive FCRN structure and delivers a quality useful for practical applications.      
### 15.Graph-Based Multiobject Tracking with Embedded Particle Flow  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08968.pdf)
>  Seamless situational awareness provided by modern radar systems relies on effective methods for multiobject tracking (MOT). This paper presents a graph-based Bayesian method for nonlinear and high-dimensional MOT problems that embeds particle flow. To perform operations on the graph effectively, particles are migrated towards regions of high likelihood based on the solution of a partial differential equation. This makes it possible to obtain good object detection and tracking performance with a relatively small number of particles even if object states are high dimensional and sensor measurements are very informative. Simulation results demonstrate reduced computational complexity and memory requirements as well as favorable detection and estimation accuracy in a challenging 3-D MOT scenario.      
### 16.Unsupervised anomaly detection in digital pathology using GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08945.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) algorithms are optimized for the distribution represented by the training data. For outlier data, they often deliver predictions with equal confidence, even though these should not be trusted. In order to deploy ML-based digital pathology solutions in clinical practice, effective methods for detecting anomalous data are crucial to avoid incorrect decisions in the outlier scenario. We propose a new unsupervised learning approach for anomaly detection in histopathology data based on generative adversarial networks (GANs). Compared to the existing GAN-based methods that have been used in medical imaging, the proposed approach improves significantly on performance for pathology data. Our results indicate that histopathology imagery is substantially more complex than the data targeted by the previous methods. This complexity requires not only a more advanced GAN architecture but also an appropriate anomaly metric to capture the quality of the reconstructed images.      
### 17.AutoFlow: Hotspot-Aware, Dynamic Load Balancing for Distributed Stream Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08888.pdf)
>  Stream applications are widely deployed on the cloud. While modern distributed streaming systems like Flink and Spark Streaming can schedule and execute them efficiently, streaming dataflows are often dynamically changing, which may cause computation imbalance and backpressure. We introduce AutoFlow, an automatic, hotspot-aware dynamic load balance system for streaming dataflows. It incorporates a centralized scheduler which monitors the load balance in the entire dataflow dynamically and implements state migrations correspondingly. The scheduler achieves these two tasks using a simple asynchronous distributed control message mechanism and a hotspot-diminishing algorithm. The timing mechanism supports implicit barriers and a highly efficient state-migration without global barriers or pauses to operators. It also supports a time-window based load-balance measurement and feeds them to the hotspot-diminishing algorithm without user interference. We implemented AutoFlow on top of Ray, an actor-based distributed execution framework. Our evaluation based on various streaming benchmark dataset shows that AutoFlow achieves good load-balance and incurs a low latency overhead in highly data-skew workload.      
### 18.Remote Monitoring of Patient Respiration with Mask Attachment -- A Pragmatic Solution for Medical Facilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08840.pdf)
>  Remote monitoring of vital signs in infectious patients minimizes the risks of viral transmissions to healthcare professionals. Evidence indicates that donning face masks reduces the risk of viral transmissions and is now the norm in medical facilities. We propose attaching an acoustic-sensing device onto face masks to assist medical facilities in monitoring patients' respiration remotely. Usability and functionality studies of the modified face mask were evaluated on 16 healthy participants, who were blindfolded throughout the data collection. Around half of the participants noticed the difference between the modified and unmodified masks but they also reported there was no discomfort in using the modified mask. Respiratory rates of the participants were evaluated for one minute and the mean error of respiratory rate was found to be 2.0 +/- 1.3 breath per minute. As all participants were healthy, the wheeze detection algorithm was assessed by playing 176 wheezes and 176 normal breaths through a foam mannequin. The recordings were played at three different times to account for varying environmental noise. The overall accuracy of the wheeze detection algorithm was 91.9%. The current findings support and suggest the use of the mask attachment in medical facilities.      
### 19.Flow-based Self-supervised Density Estimation for Anomalous Sound Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08801.pdf)
>  To develop a machine sound monitoring system, a method for detecting anomalous sound is proposed. Exact likelihood estimation using Normalizing Flows is a promising technique for unsupervised anomaly detection, but it can fail at out-of-distribution detection since the likelihood is affected by the smoothness of the data. To improve the detection performance, we train the model to assign higher likelihood to target machine sounds and lower likelihood to sounds from other machines of the same machine type. We demonstrate that this enables the model to incorporate a self-supervised classification-based approach. Experiments conducted using the DCASE 2020 Challenge Task2 dataset showed that the proposed method improves the AUC by 4.6% on average when using Masked Autoregressive Flow (MAF) and by 5.8% when using Glow, which is a significant improvement over the previous method.      
### 20.Data-driven Thermal Anomaly Detection for Batteries using Unsupervised Shape Clustering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08796.pdf)
>  For electric vehicles (EV) and energy storage (ES) batteries, thermal runaway is a critical issue as it can lead to uncontrollable fires or even explosions. Thermal anomaly detection can identify problematic battery packs that may eventually undergo thermal runaway. However, there are common challenges like data unavailability, environment variations, and battery aging. We propose a data-driven method to detect battery thermal anomaly based on comparing shape-similarity between thermal measurements. Based on their shapes, the measurements are continuously being grouped into different clusters. Anomaly is detected by monitoring deviations within the clusters. Unlike model-based or other data-driven methods, the proposed method is robust to data loss and requires minimal reference data for different pack configurations. As the initial experimental results show, the method not only can be more accurate than the onboard BMS, but also can detect unforeseen anomalies at the early stage.      
### 21.Towards Robust Speaker Verification with Target Speaker Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08781.pdf)
>  This paper proposes the target speaker enhancement based speaker verification network (TASE-SVNet), an all neural model that couples target speaker enhancement and speaker embedding extraction for robust speaker verification (SV). Specifically, an enrollment speaker conditioned speech enhancement module is employed as the front-end for extracting target speaker from its mixture with interfering speakers and environmental noises. Compared with the conventional target speaker enhancement models, nontarget speaker/interference suppression should draw additional attention for SV. Therefore, an effective nontarget speaker sampling strategy is explored. To improve speaker embedding extraction with a light-weighted model, a teacher-student (T/S) training is proposed to distill speaker discriminative information from large models to small models. Iterative inference is investigated to address the noisy speaker enrollment problem. We evaluate the proposed method on two SV tasks, i.e., one heavily overlapped speech and the other one with comprehensive noise types in vehicle environments. Experiments show significant and consistent improvements in Equal Error Rate (EER) over the state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 22.Data Discover Using Lossless Compression-Based Sparse Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08765.pdf)
>  Sparse representation has been widely used in data compression, signal and image denoising, dimensionality reduction and computer vision. While overcomplete dictionaries are required for sparse representation of multidimensional data, orthogonal bases represent one-dimensional data well. In this paper, we propose a data-driven sparse representation using orthonormal bases under the lossless compression constraint. We show that imposing such constraint under the Minimum Description Length (MDL) principle leads to a unique and optimal sparse representation for one-dimensional data, which results in discriminative features useful for data discovery.      
### 23.Deep Reinforcement Learning for Band Selection in Hyperspectral Image Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08741.pdf)
>  Band selection refers to the process of choosing the most relevant bands in a hyperspectral image. By selecting a limited number of optimal bands, we aim at speeding up model training, improving accuracy, or both. It reduces redundancy among spectral bands while trying to preserve the original information of the image. By now many efforts have been made to develop unsupervised band selection approaches, of which the majority are heuristic algorithms devised by trial and error. In this paper, we are interested in training an intelligent agent that, given a hyperspectral image, is capable of automatically learning policy to select an optimal band subset without any hand-engineered reasoning. To this end, we frame the problem of unsupervised band selection as a Markov decision process, propose an effective method to parameterize it, and finally solve the problem by deep reinforcement learning. Once the agent is trained, it learns a band-selection policy that guides the agent to sequentially select bands by fully exploiting the hyperspectral image and previously picked bands. Furthermore, we propose two different reward schemes for the environment simulation of deep reinforcement learning and compare them in experiments. This, to the best of our knowledge, is the first study that explores a deep reinforcement learning model for hyperspectral image analysis, thus opening a new door for future research and showcasing the great potential of deep reinforcement learning in remote sensing applications. Extensive experiments are carried out on four hyperspectral data sets, and experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 24.Observability-Blocking Controllers for Network Synchronization Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08740.pdf)
>  The design of feedback control systems to block observability in a network synchronization model, i.e. to make the dynamics unobservable from measurements at a subset of the network's nodes, is studied. First, a general design algorithm is presented for blocking observability at any specified group of $m$ nodes, by applying state feedback controls at $m+2$ specified actuation nodes. The algorithm is based on a method for eigenstructure assignment, which allows surgical modification of particular eigenvectors to block observability while preserving the remaining open-loop eigenstructure. Next, the topological structure of the network is exploited to reduce the number of controllers required for blocking observability; the result is based on blocking observability on the nodes associated with a vertex-cutset separating the actuation and measurement locations. Also, the design is modified to encompass regional feedback controls, which only use data from a subset of accessible nodes. The regional feedback design does not maintain the open-loop eigenstructure, but can be guaranteed to preserve stability via a time-scale argument. The results are illustrated with numerical examples.      
### 25.Joint Satellite Gateway Deployment &amp; ControllerPlacement in Software-Defined 5G-SatelliteIntegrated Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08735.pdf)
>  Several challenging optimization problems arise while considering the deployment of the space-air-ground integrated networks (SAGINs), among which the optimal satellite gateway deployment problem is of significant importance. Moreover, with the increasing interest in the software-defined integration of 5G networks and satellites, the existence of an effective scheme for optimal placement of SDN controllers is essential. In this paper, we discuss the interrelation between the two problems above and propose suitable methods to solve them under various network design criteria. We first provide a MILP model for solving the joint problem, and then motivate the decomposition of the model into two disjoint MILPs. We then show that the resulting problems can be modeled as the optimization of submodular set functions and can be solved efficiently with provable optimality gaps.      
### 26.Estimating California's Solar and Wind Energy Production using Computer Vision Deep Learning Techniques on Weather Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08727.pdf)
>  In pursuit of a novel forecasting strategy for the energy market, we propose a ResNet-inspired model which estimates solar and wind energy production using weather images. The model is designed to capture high-frequency details while producing realistically smooth energy production profiles. To this end, we show the value of including multiple weather images from times preceding the estimation time, and demonstrate that the model outperforms traditional deep learning techniques and alternative state-of-the-art computer vision methods. Training and testing are performed on a novel data set that focuses on the state of California and spans the year 2019. The dataset, which is sourced from NOAA and CAISO, is a secondary contribution of this work. Finally, multiple topics in line with the motivation are proposed for future work.      
### 27.Extreme Compressed Sensing of Poisson Rates from Multiple Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08711.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing (CS) is a signal processing technique that enables the efficient recovery of a sparse high-dimensional signal from low-dimensional measurements. In the multiple measurement vector (MMV) framework, a set of signals with the same support must be recovered from their corresponding measurements. Here, we present the first exploration of the MMV problem where signals are independently drawn from a sparse, multivariate Poisson distribution. We are primarily motivated by a suite of biosensing applications of microfluidics where analytes (such as whole cells or biomarkers) are captured in small volume partitions according to a Poisson distribution. We recover the sparse parameter vector of Poisson rates through maximum likelihood estimation with our novel Sparse Poisson Recovery (SPoRe) algorithm. SPoRe uses batch stochastic gradient ascent enabled by Monte Carlo approximations of otherwise intractable gradients. By uniquely leveraging the Poisson structure, SPoRe substantially outperforms a comprehensive set of existing and custom baseline CS algorithms. Notably, SPoRe can exhibit high performance even with one-dimensional measurements and high noise levels. This resource efficiency is not only unprecedented in the field of CS but is also particularly potent for applications in microfluidics in which the number of resolvable measurements per partition is often severely limited. We prove the identifiability property of the Poisson model under such lax conditions, analytically develop insights into system performance, and confirm these insights in simulated experiments. Our findings encourage a new approach to biosensing and are generalizable to other applications featuring spatial and temporal Poisson signals.      
### 28.Lightweight and interpretable neural modeling of an audio distortion effect using hyperconditioned differentiable biquads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08709.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose using differentiable cascaded biquads to model an audio distortion effect. We extend trainable infinite impulse response (IIR) filters to the hyperconditioned case, in which a transformation is learned to directly map external parameters of the distortion effect to its internal filter and gain parameters, along with activations necessary to ensure filter stability. We propose a novel, efficient training scheme of IIR filters by means of a Fourier transform. Our models have significantly fewer parameters and reduced complexity relative to more traditional black-box neural audio effect modeling methodologies using finite impulse response filters. Our smallest, best-performing model adequately models a BOSS MT-2 pedal at 44.1 kHz, using a total of 40 biquads and only 210 parameters. Its model parameters are interpretable, can be related back to the original analog audio circuit, and can even be intuitively altered by machine learning non-specialists after model training. Quantitative and qualitative results illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 29.Deep Learning for Chest X-ray Analysis: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08700.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have led to a promising performance in many medical image analysis tasks. As the most commonly performed radiological exam, chest radiographs are a particularly important modality for which a variety of applications have been researched. The release of multiple, large, publicly available chest X-ray datasets in recent years has encouraged research interest and boosted the number of publications. In this paper, we review all studies using deep learning on chest radiographs, categorizing works by task: image-level prediction (classification and regression), segmentation, localization, image generation and domain adaptation. Commercially available applications are detailed, and a comprehensive discussion of the current state of the art and potential future directions are provided.      
### 30.Model Validation Study for Central American Regional Electrical Interconnected System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08667.pdf)
>  The Central American Regional Interconnected Power System (SER) connects six countries: Guatemala, El Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama, it is operated by the regional system operator Ente Operador Regional (EOR). Due to its geographical shape and layout of major transmission lines, SER has a weakly meshed grid, where disturbances can easily propagate, challenging its reliability. Having an accurate dynamic model is important for EOR when facing those reliability challenges. This paper describes interconnection-level model validation efforts for the SER and Mexico interconnected system. A detailed equivalent model of Mexico is incorporated in the existing SER planning model used by EOR. The resultant model is then validated using simulated dynamic contingency analysis and real system disturbance data. A fully automated suite of scripts is also developed and shared with EOR engineers. This work helps EOR improve their validation routine practices, to continuously improve SER dynamic model, and hence its reliability.      
### 31.Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning for EEG Motor Imagery Decoding in Brain-Computer-Interfacing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08664.pdf)
>  We introduce here the idea of Meta-Learning for training EEG BCI decoders. Meta-Learning is a way of training machine learning systems so they learn to learn. We apply here meta-learning to a simple Deep Learning BCI architecture and compare it to transfer learning on the same architecture. Our Meta-learning strategy operates by finding optimal parameters for the BCI decoder so that it can quickly generalise between different users and recording sessions -- thereby also generalising to new users or new sessions quickly. We tested our algorithm on the Physionet EEG motor imagery dataset. Our approach increased motor imagery classification accuracy between 60% to 80%, outperforming other algorithms under the little-data condition. We believe that establishing the meta-learning or learning-to-learn approach will help neural engineering and human interfacing with the challenges of quickly setting up decoders of neural signals to make them more suitable for daily-life.      
### 32.Rapid parameter estimation of discrete decaying signals using autoencoder networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08663.pdf)
>  In this work we demonstrate the use of autoencoder networks for rapid extraction of the signal parameters of discretely sampled signals. In particular, we use dense autoencoder networks to extract the parameters of interest from exponentially decaying signals and decaying oscillations. Using a three-stage training method and careful choice of the neural network size, we are able to retrieve the relevant signal parameters directly from the latent space of the autoencoder network at significantly improved rates compared to traditional algorithmic signal-analysis approaches. We show that the achievable precision and accuracy of this method of analysis is similar to conventional, algorithm-based signal analysis methods, by demonstrating that, the extracted signal parameters are approaching their fundamental parameter estimation limit as provided by the Cramér-Rao lower bound. Furthermore, we demonstrate that autoencoder networks are able to achieve signal analysis, and, hence, parameter extraction, at rates of 75 kHz, orders-of-magnitude faster than conventional techniques with equal precision. Finally, we explore the limitations of our approach, demonstrating that analysis rates of $&gt;$200 kHz are feasible with further optimization of the transfer rate between the data-acquisition system and data-analysis system.      
### 33.FROG-measurement based phase retrieval for analytic signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08660.pdf)
>  While frequency-resolved optical gating (FROG) is widely used in characterizing the ultrafast pulse in optics, analytic signals are often considered in time-frequency analysis and signal processing, especially when extracting instantaneous features of events. In this paper we examine the phase retrieval (PR) problem of analytic signals in $\Bbb{C}^N$ by their FROG measurements. After establishing the ambiguity of the FROG-PR of analytic signals, we found that the FROG-PR of analytic signals of even lengths is different from that of analytic signals of odd lengths, and it is also different from the case of $B$-bandlimited signals with $B \leq N/2$. The existing approach to bandlimited signals can be applied to analytic signals of odd lengths, but it does not apply to the even length case. With the help of two relaxed FROG-PR problems and a translation technique, we develop an approach to FROG-PR for the analytic signals of even lengths, and prove that in this case the generic analytic signals can be uniquely (up to the ambiguity) determined by their $(3N/2+1)$ FROG measurements.      
### 34.Towards New Multiwavelets: Associated Filters and Algorithms. Part I: Theoretical Framework and Investigation of Biomedical Signals, ECG and Coronavirus Cases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08657.pdf)
>  Biosignals are nowadays important subjects for scientific researches from both theory and applications especially with the appearance of new pandemics threatening humanity such as the new Coronavirus. One aim in the present work is to prove that Wavelets may be successful machinery to understand such phenomena by applying a step forward extension of wavelets to multiwavelets. We proposed in a first step to improve the multiwavelet notion by constructing more general families using independent components for multi-scaling and multiwavelet mother functions. A special multiwavelet is then introduced, continuous and discrete multiwavelet transforms are associated, as well as new filters and algorithms of decomposition and reconstruction. The constructed multiwavelet framework is applied for some experimentations showing fast algorithms, ECG signal, and a strain of Coronavirus processing.      
### 35.Trade-offs in learning controllers from noisy data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08629.pdf)
>  In data-driven control, a central question is how to handle noisy data. In this work, we consider the problem of designing a stabilizing controller for an unknown linear system using only a finite set of noisy data collected from the system. For this problem, many recent works have considered a disturbance model based on energy-type bounds. Here, we consider an alternative more natural model where the disturbance obeys instantaneous bounds. In this case, the existing approaches, which would convert instantaneous bounds into energy-type bounds, can be overly conservative. In contrast, without any conversion step, simple arguments based on the S-procedure lead to a very effective controller design through a convex program. Specifically, the feasible set of the latter design problem is always larger, and the set of system matrices consistent with data is always smaller and decreases significantly with the number of data points. These findings and some computational aspects are examined in a number of numerical examples.      
### 36.Formation Control for UAVs Using a Flux Guided Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09184.pdf)
>  While multiple studies have proposed methods for the formation control of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), the trajectories generated are generally unsuitable for tracking targets where the optimum coverage of the target by the formation is required at all times. We propose a path planning approach called the Flux Guided (FG) method, which generates collision-free trajectories while maximising the coverage of one or more targets. We show that by reformulating an existing least-squares flux minimisation problem as a constrained optimisation problem, the paths obtained are $1.5 \times$ shorter and track directly toward the target. Also, we demonstrate that the scale of the formation can be controlled during flight, and that this feature can be used to track multiple scattered targets. The method is highly scalable since the planning algorithm is only required for a sub-set of UAVs on the open boundary of the formation's surface. Finally, through simulating a 3d dynamic particle system that tracks the desired trajectories using a PID controller, we show that the resulting trajectories after time-optimal parameterisation are suitable for robotic controls.      
### 37.Interpretable Deep Learning for the Remote Characterisation of Ambulation in Multiple Sclerosis using Smartphones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09171.pdf)
>  The emergence of digital technologies such as smartphones in healthcare applications have demonstrated the possibility of developing rich, continuous, and objective measures of multiple sclerosis (MS) disability that can be administered remotely and out-of-clinic. In this work, deep convolutional neural networks (DCNN) applied to smartphone inertial sensor data were shown to better distinguish healthy from MS participant ambulation, compared to standard Support Vector Machine (SVM) feature-based methodologies. To overcome the typical limitations associated with remotely generated health data, such as low subject numbers, sparsity, and heterogeneous data, a transfer learning (TL) model from similar large open-source datasets was proposed. Our TL framework utilised the ambulatory information learned on Human Activity Recognition (HAR) tasks collected from similar smartphone-based sensor data. A lack of transparency of "black-box" deep networks remains one of the largest stumbling blocks to the wider acceptance of deep learning for clinical applications. Ensuing work therefore aimed to visualise DCNN decisions attributed by relevance heatmaps using Layer-Wise Relevance Propagation (LRP). Through the LRP framework, the patterns captured from smartphone-based inertial sensor data that were reflective of those who are healthy versus persons with MS (PwMS) could begin to be established and understood. Interpretations suggested that cadence-based measures, gait speed, and ambulation-related signal perturbations were distinct characteristics that distinguished MS disability from healthy participants. Robust and interpretable outcomes, generated from high-frequency out-of-clinic assessments, could greatly augment the current in-clinic assessment picture for PwMS, to inform better disease management techniques, and enable the development of better therapeutic interventions.      
### 38.5G from Space: An Overview of 3GPP Non-Terrestrial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09156.pdf)
>  We provide an overview of the 3rd generation partnership project (3GPP) work on evolving the 5G wireless technology to support non-terrestrial satellite networks. Adapting 5G to support non-terrestrial networks entails a holistic design spanning across multiple areas from radio access network to services and system aspects to core and terminals. In this article, we describe the main topics of non-terrestrial networks, explain in detail the design aspects, and share various design rationales influencing standardization.      
### 39.Leveraging Recent Advances in Deep Learning for Audio-Visual Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09154.pdf)
>  Emotional expressions are the behaviors that communicate our emotional state or attitude to others. They are expressed through verbal and non-verbal communication. Complex human behavior can be understood by studying physical features from multiple modalities; mainly facial, vocal and physical gestures. Recently, spontaneous multi-modal emotion recognition has been extensively studied for human behavior analysis. In this paper, we propose a new deep learning-based approach for audio-visual emotion recognition. Our approach leverages recent advances in deep learning like knowledge distillation and high-performing deep architectures. The deep feature representations of the audio and visual modalities are fused based on a model-level fusion strategy. A recurrent neural network is then used to capture the temporal dynamics. Our proposed approach substantially outperforms state-of-the-art approaches in predicting valence on the RECOLA dataset. Moreover, our proposed visual facial expression feature extraction network outperforms state-of-the-art results on the AffectNet and Google Facial Expression Comparison datasets.      
### 40.Distributed motion coordination for multi-robot systems under LTL specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09111.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the online motion coordination problem for a group of mobile robots moving in a shared workspace, each of which is assigned a linear temporal logic specification. Based on the realistic assumptions that each robot is subject to both state and input constraints and can have only local view and local information, a fully distributed multi-robot motion coordination strategy is proposed. For each robot, the motion coordination strategy consists of three layers. An offline layer pre-computes the braking area for each region in the workspace, the controlled transition system, and a so-called potential function. An initialization layer outputs an initially safely satisfying trajectory. An online coordination layer resolves conflicts when one occurs. The online coordination layer is further decomposed into three steps. Firstly, a conflict detection algorithm is implemented, which detects conflicts with neighboring robots. Whenever conflicts are detected, a rule is designed to assign dynamically a planning order to each pair of neighboring robots. Finally, a sampling-based algorithm is designed to generate local collision-free trajectories for the robot which at the same time guarantees the feasibility of the specification. Safety is proven to be guaranteed for all robots at any time. The effectiveness and the computational tractability of the resulting solution is verified numerically by two case studies.      
### 41.An Asynchronous WFST-Based Decoder For Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09063.pdf)
>  We introduce asynchronous dynamic decoder, which adopts an efficient A* algorithm to incorporate big language models in the one-pass decoding for large vocabulary continuous speech recognition. Unlike standard one-pass decoding with on-the-fly composition decoder which might induce a significant computation overhead, the asynchronous dynamic decoder has a novel design where it has two fronts, with one performing "exploration" and the other "backfill". The computation of the two fronts alternates in the decoding process, resulting in more effective pruning than the standard one-pass decoding with an on-the-fly composition decoder. Experiments show that the proposed decoder works notably faster than the standard one-pass decoding with on-the-fly composition decoder, while the acceleration will be more obvious with the increment of data complexity.      
### 42.A Large-Scale Dataset for Benchmarking Elevator Button Segmentation and Character Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.09030.pdf)
>  Human activities are hugely restricted by COVID-19, recently. Robots that can conduct inter-floor navigation attract much public attention, since they can substitute human workers to conduct the service work. However, current robots either depend on human assistance or elevator retrofitting, and fully autonomous inter-floor navigation is still not available. As the very first step of inter-floor navigation, elevator button segmentation and recognition hold an important position. Therefore, we release the first large-scale publicly available elevator panel dataset in this work, containing 3,718 panel images with 35,100 button labels, to facilitate more powerful algorithms on autonomous elevator operation. Together with the dataset, a number of deep learning based implementations for button segmentation and recognition are also released to benchmark future methods in the community. The dataset will be available at \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/zhudelong/elevator_button_recognition" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 43.Fast Development of ASR in African Languages using Self Supervised Speech Representation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08993.pdf)
>  This paper describes the results of an informal collaboration launched during the African Master of Machine Intelligence (AMMI) in June 2020. After a series of lectures and labs on speech data collection using mobile applications and on self-supervised representation learning from speech, a small group of students and the lecturer continued working on automatic speech recognition (ASR) project for three languages: Wolof, Ga, and Somali. This paper describes how data was collected and ASR systems developed with a small amount (1h) of transcribed speech as training data. In these low resource conditions, pre-training a model on large amounts of raw speech was fundamental for the efficiency of ASR systems developed.      
### 44.Optimal output-feedback control and separation principle for Markov jump linear systems modeling wireless networked control scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08992.pdf)
>  The communication channels used to convey information between the components of wireless networked control systems (WNCSs) are subject to packet losses due to time-varying fading and interference. We consider a wireless networked control scenario, where the packet loss occurs in both the sensor-controller link (sensing link) and the controller-actuator link (actuation link). Moreover, we consider one time-step delay mode observations of the actuation link. While the problems of state feedback optimal control and stabilizability conditions for systems with one time-step delay mode observations of the actuation link have been already solved, we study the optimal output feedback control problem, and we derive a separation principle for the aforementioned wireless networked control scenario. Particularly, we show that the optimal control problem (with one time-step delay in the mode observation of actuation link state) and the optimal filtering problem can be solved independently under a TCP-like communication scheme.      
### 45.Decoding of Variable Length PLH Codes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08991.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address the problem of the decoding of variable length physical layer header (PLH) codes. We take as a case study the DVB-S2X standard, and, after selecting a suitable PLH code with variable codeword length, we propose two alternative noncoherent decoding strategies. The proposed decoding strategies allow to estimate the length of the transmitted PLH field, which is unknown at the receiver, jointly with the decoding of the PLH code. We demonstrate that it is possible to achieve an excellent decoding performance while significantly reducing the overhead due to the transmission of the PLH field with respect to a standard fixed-length PLH.      
### 46.Hierarchical Reinforcement Learning Framework for Stochastic Spaceflight Campaign Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08981.pdf)
>  This paper develops a hierarchical reinforcement learning architecture for multi-mission spaceflight campaign design under uncertainty, including vehicle design, infrastructure deployment planning, and space transportation scheduling. This problem involves a high-dimensional design space and is challenging especially with uncertainty present. To tackle this challenge, the developed framework has a hierarchical structure with reinforcement learning (RL) and network-based mixed-integer linear programming (MILP), where the former optimizes campaign-level decisions (e.g., design of the vehicle used throughout the campaign, destination demand assigned to each mission in the campaign), whereas the latter optimizes the detailed mission-level decisions (e.g., when to launch what from where to where). The framework is applied to a set of human lunar exploration campaign scenarios with uncertain in-situ resource utilization (ISRU) performance as a case study. The main value of this work is its integration of the rapidly growing RL research and the existing MILP-based space logistics methods through a hierarchical framework to handle the otherwise intractable complexity of space mission design under uncertainty. We expect this unique framework to be a critical steppingstone for the emerging research direction of artificial intelligence for space mission design.      
### 47.Space Exploration Architecture and Design Framework for Commercialization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08970.pdf)
>  The trend of space commercialization is changing the decision-making process for future space exploration architectures, and there is a growing need for a new decision-making framework that explicitly considers the interactions between the mission coordinator (i.e., government) and the commercial players. In response to this challenge, this paper develops a framework for space exploration and logistics decision making that considers the incentive mechanism to stimulate commercial participation in future space infrastructure development and deployment. By extending the state-of-the-art space logistics design formulations from the game-theoretic perspective, we first analyze the relationship between the mission coordinator and commercial players and then derive the formulation for the optimal architecture design and incentive mechanism in three different scenarios. To demonstrate and evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed framework, we conduct a case study on lunar habitat infrastructure design and deployment. Results show how total mission demands and in-situ resource utilization (ISRU) system performances after deployment may impact the cooperation among stakeholders. As an outcome of this study, we derive an incentive-based decision-making framework that can benefit both the mission coordinator and the commercial players from commercialization, leading to a mutually beneficial space exploration between the government and the industry.      
### 48.Flexibility Management for Space Logistics via Decision Rules  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08967.pdf)
>  This paper develops a flexibility management framework for space logistics mission planning under uncertainty through decision rules and multi-stage stochastic programming. It aims to add built-in flexibility to space architectures in the phase of early-stage mission planning. The proposed framework integrates the decision rule formulation into a network-based space logistics optimization formulation model. It can output a series of decision rules and generate a Pareto front between the expected mission cost (i.e., initial mass in low-Earth orbit) and the expected mission performance (i.e., effective crew operating time) considering the uncertainty in the environment and mission demands. The generated decision rules and the Pareto front plot can help decision-makers create implementable policies immediately when uncertainty events occur during space missions. An example mission case study about space station resupply under rocket launch delay uncertainty is established to demonstrate the value of the proposed framework.      
### 49.On-Orbit Servicing Optimization Framework with High- and Low-Thrust Propulsion Tradeoff  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08963.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an on-orbit servicing logistics optimization framework that is capable of performing the short-term operational scheduling and long-term strategic planning of sustainable servicing infrastructures that involve high-thrust, low-thrust, and/or multimodal servicers supported by orbital depots. The proposed framework generalizes the state-of-the-art on-orbit servicing logistics optimization method by incorporating user-defined trajectory models and optimizing the logistics operations with the propulsion technology and trajectory tradeoff in consideration. Mixed-Integer Linear Programming is leveraged to find the optimal operations of the servicers over a given period, while the Rolling Horizon approach is used to consider a long time horizon accounting for the uncertainties in service demand. Several analyses are carried out to demonstrate the value of the proposed framework in automatically trading off the high- and low-thrust propulsion systems for both short-term operational scheduling and long-term strategic planning of on-orbit servicing infrastructures.      
### 50.Framework for Modeling and Optimization of On-Orbit Servicing Operations under Demand Uncertainties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08962.pdf)
>  This paper develops a framework that models and optimizes the operations of complex on-orbit servicing infrastructures involving one or more servicers and orbital depots to provide multiple types of services to a fleet of geostationary satellites. The proposed method extends the state-of-the-art space logistics technique by addressing the unique challenges in on-orbit servicing applications, and integrate it with the Rolling Horizon decision making approach. The space logistics technique enables modeling of the on-orbit servicing logistical operations as a Mixed-Integer Linear Program whose optimal solutions can efficiently be found. The Rolling Horizon approach enables the assessment of the long-term value of an on-orbit servicing infrastructure by accounting for the uncertain service needs that arise over time among the geostationary satellites. Two case studies successfully demonstrate the effectiveness of the framework for (1) short-term operational scheduling and (2) long-term strategic decision making for on-orbit servicing architectures under diverse market conditions.      
### 51.Vertical Beamforming in Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface-aided Cognitive Radio Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08900.pdf)
>  In this letter, we investigate joint application of reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) and vertical beamforming in cognitive radio networks (CRN). After properly modeling the network, an optimization problem is formed to jointly design the beamforming vector and tilt angle at the secondary base station (BS) as well as the phase shifts at the RIS with the objective of maximizing spectral efficiency of the secondary network. The optimization problem is non-convex; thus, we propose an efficient solution method for it. Numerical results show that adding a RIS and optimizing the radiation orientation, can significantly improve performance of the CRNs.      
### 52.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface aided Massive MIMO Systems with Low-Resolution DACs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08871.pdf)
>  We investigate a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided multi-user massive multiple-input multi-output (MIMO) system where low-resolution digital-analog converters (DACs) are configured at the base station (BS) in order to reduce the cost and power consumption. An approximate analytical expression for the downlink achievable rate is derived based on maximum ratio transmission (MRT) and additive quantization noise model (AQNM), and the rate maximization problem is solved by particle swarm optimization (PSO) method under both continuous phase shifts (CPSs) and discrete phase shifts (DPSs) at the RIS. Simulation results show that the downlink sum achievable rate tends to a constant with the increase of the number of quantization bits of DACs, and three quantization bits are enough to capture a large portion of the performance of the ideal perfect DACs case.      
### 53.Closed-Loop Error Learning Control for Uncertain Nonlinear Systems With Experimental Validation on a Mobile Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08845.pdf)
>  This paper develops a Closed-Loop Error Learning Control (CLELC) algorithm for feedback linearizable systems with experimental validation on a mobile robot. Traditional feedback and feedforward controllers are designed based on the nominal model by using Feedback Linearization Control (FLC) method. Then, an intelligent controller is designed based on sliding mode learning algorithm that utilizes closed-loop error dynamics to learn the system behavior. The controllers are working in parallel, and the intelligent controller can gradually replace the feedback controller from the control of the system. In addition to the stability of the sliding mode learning algorithm, the closed-loop stability of an $n$th order feedback linearizable system is proven. The simulation results demonstrate that CLELC algorithm can improve control performance (e.g., smaller rise time, settling time and overshoot) in the absence of uncertainties, and also provides robust control performance in the presence of uncertainties as compared to traditional FLC method. To test the efficiency and efficacy of CLELC algorithm, the trajectory tracking problem of a tracked mobile robot is studied in real-time. The experimental results demonstrate that CLELC algorithm ensures high-accurate trajectory tracking performance than traditional FLC method.      
### 54.Multi-objective minimum time optimal control for low-thrust trajectory design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08813.pdf)
>  We propose a reachability approach for infinite and finite horizon multi-objective optimization problems for low-thrust spacecraft trajectory design. The main advantage of the proposed method is that the Pareto front can be efficiently constructed from the zero level set of the solution to a Hamilton-Jacobi-Bellman equation. We demonstrate the proposed method by applying it to a low-thrust spacecraft trajectory design problem. By deriving the analytic expression for the Hamiltonian and the optimal control policy, we are able to efficiently compute the backward reachable set and reconstruct the optimal trajectories. Furthermore, we show that any reconstructed trajectory will be guaranteed to be weakly Pareto optimal. The proposed method can be used as a benchmark for future research of applying reachability analysis to low-thrust spacecraft trajectory design.      
### 55.Data to Controller for Nonlinear Systems: An Approximate Solution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08782.pdf)
>  This paper considers the problem of determining an optimal control action based on observed data. We formulate the problem assuming that the system can be modelled by a nonlinear state-space model, but where the model parameters, state and future disturbances are not known and are treated as random variables. Central to our formulation is that the joint distribution of these unknown objects is conditioned on the observed data. Crucially, as new measurements become available, this joint distribution continues to evolve so that control decisions are made accounting for uncertainty as evidenced in the data. The resulting problem is intractable which we obviate by providing approximations that result in finite dimensional deterministic optimisation problems. The proposed approach is demonstrated in simulation on a nonlinear system.      
### 56.A Computer Vision System to Help Prevent the Transmission of COVID-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08773.pdf)
>  The COVID-19 pandemic affects every area of daily life globally. To avoid the spread of coronavirus and retrieve the daily normal worldwide, health organizations advise social distancing, wearing face mask, and avoiding touching face. Based on these recommended protective measures, we developed a deep learning-based computer vision system to help prevent the transmission of COVID-19. Specifically, the developed system performs face mask detection, face-hand interaction detection, and measures social distance. For these purposes, we collected and annotated images that represent face mask usage and face-hand interaction in the real world. We presented two different face datasets, namely Unconstrained Face Mask Dataset (UFMD) and Unconstrained Face Hand Dataset (UFHD). We trained the proposed models on our own datasets and evaluated them on both our datasets and already existing datasets in the literature without performing any adaptation on these target datasets. Besides, we proposed a distance measurement module to track social distance between people. Experimental results indicate that UFMD and UFHD represent the real-world's diversity well. The proposed system achieved very high performance and generalization capacity in a real-world scenario for unseen data from outside the training data to detect face mask usage and face-hand interaction, and satisfactory performance in the case of tracking social distance. Presented UFMD and UFHD datasets will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/iremeyiokur/COVID-19-Preventions-Control-System" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 57.Adaptive Gradient Online Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08753.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the online control of a known linear dynamic system, with additive disturbance, partial state observation and adversarial controller cost for a duration $T$. We extend the online Disturbance Response Controller (DRC) proposed in \cite{simchowitz2020improper} for the control of such systems to propose the Disturbance Response Controller - Adaptive Gradient Descent (DRC-AGD), which interpolates between the results for general convex controller cost and strongly convex controller cost established in \cite{simchowitz2020improper} and achieves intermediate regret rates between $\sqrt{T}$ and $\log{T}$.      
### 58.Tight Remainder-Form Decomposition Functions with Applications to Constrained Reachability and Interval Observer Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.08638.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a tractable family of remainder-form mixed-monotone decomposition functions that are useful for over-approximating the image set of nonlinear mappings in reachability and estimation problems. In particular, our approach applies to a new class of nonsmooth nonlinear systems that we call either-sided locally Lipschitz (ELLC) systems, which we show to be a superset of locally Lipschitz continuous systems, thus expanding the set of systems that are formally known to be mixed-monotone. In addition, we derive lower and upper bounds for the over-approximation error and show that the lower bound is achievable with our proposed approach. Moreover, we develop a set inversion algorithm that along with the proposed decomposition functions, can be used for constrained reachability analysis and interval observer design for continuous and discrete-time systems with bounded noise.      
### 59.Hybrid Car-Following Strategy based on Deep Deterministic Policy Gradient and Cooperative Adaptive Cruise Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.03796.pdf)
>  Deep deterministic policy gradient (DDPG) based car-following strategy can break through the constraints of the differential equation model due to the ability of exploration on complex environments. However, the car-following performance of DDPG is usually degraded by unreasonable reward function design, insufficient training and low sampling efficiency. In order to solve this kind of problem, a hybrid car-following strategy based on DDPG and cooperative adaptive cruise control (CACC) is proposed. Firstly, the car-following process is modeled as markov decision process to calculate CACC and DDPG simultaneously at each frame. Given a current state, two actions are obtained from CACC and DDPG, respectively. Then an optimal action, corresponding to the one offering a larger reward, is chosen as the output of the hybrid strategy. Meanwhile, a rule is designed to ensure that the change rate of acceleration is smaller than the desired value. Therefore, the proposed strategy not only guarantees the basic performance of car-following through CACC, but also makes full use of the advantages of exploration on complex environments via DDPG. Finally, simulation results show that the car-following performance of proposed strategy is improved significantly as compared with that of DDPG and CACC in the whole state space.      
### 60.Dynamic Emotion Modeling with Learnable Graphs and Graph Inception Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2008.02661.pdf)
>  Human emotion is expressed, perceived and captured using a variety of dynamic data modalities, such as speech (verbal), videos (facial expressions) and motion sensors (body gestures). We propose a generalized approach to emotion recognition that can adapt across modalities by modeling dynamic data as structured graphs. The motivation behind the graph approach is to build compact models without compromising on performance. To alleviate the problem of optimal graph construction, we cast this as a joint graph learning and classification task. To this end, we present the Learnable Graph Inception Network (L-GrIN) that jointly learns to recognize emotion and to identify the underlying graph structure in the dynamic data. Our architecture comprises multiple novel components: a new graph convolution operation, a graph inception layer, learnable adjacency, and a learnable pooling function that yields a graph-level embedding. We evaluate the proposed architecture on five benchmark emotion recognition databases spanning three different modalities (video, audio, motion capture), where each database captures one of the following emotional cues: facial expressions, speech and body gestures. We achieve state-of-the-art performance on all five databases outperforming several competitive baselines and relevant existing methods. Our graph architecture shows superior performance with significantly fewer parameters (compared to convolutional or recurrent neural networks) promising its applicability to resource-constrained devices.      
### 61.Sparse Representation-based Image Quality Assessment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.2727.pdf)
>  A successful approach to image quality assessment involves comparing the structural information between a distorted and its reference image. However, extracting structural information that is perceptually important to our visual system is a challenging task. This paper addresses this issue by employing a sparse representation-based approach and proposes a new metric called the \emph{sparse representation-based quality} (SPARQ) \emph{index}. The proposed method learns the inherent structures of the reference image as a set of basis vectors, such that any structure in the image can be represented by a linear combination of only a few of those basis vectors. This sparse strategy is employed because it is known to generate basis vectors that are qualitatively similar to the receptive field of the simple cells present in the mammalian primary visual cortex. The visual quality of the distorted image is estimated by comparing the structures of the reference and the distorted images in terms of the learnt basis vectors resembling cortical cells. Our approach is evaluated on six publicly available subject-rated image quality assessment datasets. The proposed SPARQ index consistently exhibits high correlation with the subjective ratings on all datasets and performs better or at par with the state-of-the-art.      
