# ArXiv eess --Wed, 24 Mar 2021
### 1.Strictly Decentralized Adaptive Estimation of External Fields using Reproducing Kernels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12721.pdf)
>  This paper describes an adaptive method in continuous time for the estimation of external fields by a team of $N$ agents. The agents $i$ each explore subdomains $\Omega^i$ of a bounded subset of interest $\Omega\subset X := \mathbb{R}^d$. Ideal adaptive estimates $\hat{g}^i_t$ are derived for each agent from a distributed parameter system (DPS) that takes values in the scalar-valued reproducing kernel Hilbert space $H_X$ of functions over $X$. Approximations of the evolution of the ideal local estimate $\hat{g}^i_t$ of agent $i$ is constructed solely using observations made by agent $i$ on a fine time scale. Since the local estimates on the fine time scale are constructed independently for each agent, we say that the method is strictly decentralized. On a coarse time scale, the individual local estimates $\hat{g}^i_t$ are fused via the expression $\hat{g}_t:=\sum_{i=1}^N\Psi^i \hat{g}^i_t$ that uses a partition of unity $\{\Psi^i\}_{1\leq i\leq N}$ subordinate to the cover $\{\Omega^i\}_{i=1,\ldots,N}$ of $\Omega$. Realizable algorithms are obtained by constructing finite dimensional approximations of the DPS in terms of scattered bases defined by each agent from samples along their trajectories. Rates of convergence of the error in the finite dimensional approximations are derived in terms of the fill distance of the samples that define the scattered centers in each subdomain. The qualitative performance of the convergence rates for the decentralized estimation method is illustrated via numerical simulations.      
### 2.Self-supervised representation learning from 12-lead ECG data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12676.pdf)
>  We put forward a comprehensive assessment of self-supervised representation learning from short segments of clinical 12-lead electrocardiography (ECG) data. To this end, we explore adaptations of state-of-the-art self-supervised learning algorithms from computer vision (SimCLR, BYOL, SwAV) and speech (CPC). In a first step, we learn contrastive representations and evaluate their quality based on linear evaluation performance on a downstream classification task. For the best-performing method, CPC, we find linear evaluation performances only 0.8% below supervised performance. In a second step, we analyze the impact of self-supervised pretraining on finetuned ECG classifiers as compared to purely supervised performance and find improvements in downstream performance of more than 1%, label efficiency, as well as an increased robustness against physiological noise. All experiments are carried out exclusively on publicly available datasets, the to-date largest collection used for self-supervised representation learning from ECG data, to foster reproducible research in the field of ECG representation learning.      
### 3.Direct data-driven model-reference control with Lyapunov stability guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12663.pdf)
>  In this work, we introduce a novel data-driven model-reference control design approach for unknown linear systems with fully measurable state. The proposed control action is composed by a static feedback term and a reference tracking block, which are shaped from data to reproduce the desired behavior in closed-loop. By focusing on the case where the reference model and the plant share the same order, we propose an optimal design procedure with Lyapunov stability guarantees, tailored to handle state measurements with additive noise. Two simulation examples are finally illustrated to show the potential of the proposed strategy as compared to the state of the art approaches.      
### 4.Virtual light transport matrices for non-line-of-sight imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12622.pdf)
>  The light transport matrix (LTM) is an instrumental tool in line-of-sight (LOS) imaging, describing how light interacts with the scene and enabling applications such as relighting or separation of illumination components. We introduce a framework to estimate the LTM of non-line-of-sight (NLOS) scenarios, coupling recent virtual forward light propagation models for NLOS imaging with the LOS light transport equation. We design computational projector-camera setups, and use these virtual imaging systems to estimate the transport matrix of hidden scenes. We introduce the specific illumination functions to compute the different elements of the matrix, overcoming the challenging wide-aperture conditions of NLOS setups. Our NLOS light transport matrix allows us to (re)illuminate specific locations of a hidden scene, and separate direct, first-order indirect, and higher-order indirect illumination of complex cluttered hidden scenes, similar to existing LOS techniques.      
### 5.An augmentation strategy to mimic multi-scanner variability in MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12595.pdf)
>  Most publicly available brain MRI datasets are very homogeneous in terms of scanner and protocols, and it is difficult for models that learn from such data to generalize to multi-center and multi-scanner data. We propose a novel data augmentation approach with the aim of approximating the variability in terms of intensities and contrasts present in real world clinical data. We use a Gaussian Mixture Model based approach to change tissue intensities individually, producing new contrasts while preserving anatomical information. We train a deep learning model on a single scanner dataset and evaluate it on a multi-center and multi-scanner dataset. The proposed approach improves the generalization capability of the model to other scanners not present in the training data.      
### 6.Pursuing robust decisions in uncertain traffic equilibrium problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12585.pdf)
>  We evaluate the robustness of agents' traffic equilibria in randomized routing games characterized by an uncertain network demand with a possibly unknown probability distribution. Specifically, we extend the so-called hose model by considering a traffic equilibrium model where the uncertain network demand configuration belongs to a polyhedral set, whose shape is itself a-priori unknown. By exploiting available data, we apply the scenario approach theory to establish distribution-free feasibility guarantees for agents' traffic equilibria of the uncertain routing game without the need to know an explicit characterization of such set. A numerical example on a traffic network testbed corroborates the proposed theoretical results.      
### 7.Global Iterative Sliding Mode Control of an Industrial Biaxial Gantry System for Contouring Motion Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12580.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a global iterative sliding mode control approach for high-precision contouring tasks of a flexure-linked biaxial gantry system. For such high-precision contouring tasks, it is the typical situation that the involved multi-axis cooperation is one of the most challenging problems. As also would be inevitably encountered, various factors render the multi-axis cooperation rather difficult; such as the strong coupling (which naturally brings nonlinearity) between different axes due to its mechanical structure, the backlash and deadzone caused by the friction, and the difficulties in system identification, etc. To overcome the above-mentioned issues, this work investigates an intelligent model-free contouring control method for such a multi-axis motion stage. Essentially in the methodology developed here, it is firstly ensured that all the coupling, friction, nonlinearity, and disturbance (regarded as uncertain dynamics in each axis) are suitably posed as `uncertainties'. Then, a varying-gain sliding mode control method is proposed to adaptively compensate for the matched unknown dynamics in the time domain, while an iterative learning law is applied to suppress the undesirable effects (arising from the repetitive matched and unmatched uncertainties in the iteration domain). With this approach, the chattering that typically results from the overestimated control gains in the sliding mode control is thus suppressed during the iterations. To analyze the contouring performance and show the improved outcomes, rigorous proof is furnished on both the stability in the time domain and the convergence in the iteration domain; and the real-time experiments also illustrate that the requirements of precision motion control towards high-speed and complex-curvature references can be satisfied using the proposed method, without prior knowledge of the boundary to the unknown dynamics.      
### 8.Generalized Iterative Super-Twisting Sliding Mode Control: A Case Study on Flexure-Joint Dual-Drive H-Gantry Stage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12567.pdf)
>  Mechatronic systems are commonly used in the industry, where fast and accurate motion performance is always required to guarantee manufacturing precision and efficiency. Nevertheless, the system model and parameters are difficult to be obtained accurately. Moreover, the high-order modes, strong coupling in the multi-axis systems, or unmodeled frictions will bring uncertain dynamics to the system. To overcome the above-mentioned issues and enhance the motion performance, this paper introduces a novel intelligent and totally model-free control method for mechatronic systems with unknown dynamics. In detail, a 2-degree-of-freedom (DOF) architecture is designed, which organically merges a generalized super-twisting algorithm with a unique iterative learning law. The controller solely utilizes the input-output data collected in iterations such that it works without any knowledge of the system parameters. The rigorous proof of convergence ability is given and a case study on flexture-joint dual-drive H-gantry stage is shown to validate the effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 9.A new public Alsat-2B dataset for single-image super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12547.pdf)
>  Currently, when reliable training datasets are available, deep learning methods dominate the proposed solutions for image super-resolution. However, for remote sensing benchmarks, it is very expensive to obtain high spatial resolution images. Most of the super-resolution methods use down-sampling techniques to simulate low and high spatial resolution pairs and construct the training samples. To solve this issue, the paper introduces a novel public remote sensing dataset (Alsat2B) of low and high spatial resolution images (10m and 2.5m respectively) for the single-image super-resolution task. The high-resolution images are obtained through pan-sharpening. Besides, the performance of some super-resolution methods on the dataset is assessed based on common criteria. The obtained results reveal that the proposed scheme is promising and highlight the challenges in the dataset which shows the need for advanced methods to grasp the relationship between the low and high-resolution patches.      
### 10.Probelab ReImager: An Open-Source Software for Streamlining Image Processing in an Electron Microscopy Laboratory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12546.pdf)
>  Providing high-quality electron images and hyperspectral X-ray maps is a focus of many modern electron microscopy laboratories. Nevertheless, further image processing and annotations are often needed to prepare them for publications and reports. For multi-user facilities, accessibility to processing software can be a limitation either through license costs or availability of processing stations. Open-source software running on multiple platforms allows for post-acquisition data processing in-lab or on user-owned devices. We developed Probelab ReImager to supersede our vendor-supplied acquisition software's exportation by being efficient and highly customizable. This article describes its main features and capabilities.      
### 11.MetaHDR: Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning for HDR Image Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12545.pdf)
>  Capturing scenes with a high dynamic range is crucial to reproducing images that appear similar to those seen by the human visual system. Despite progress in developing data-driven deep learning approaches for converting low dynamic range images to high dynamic range images, existing approaches are limited by the assumption that all conversions are governed by the same nonlinear mapping. To address this problem, we propose "Model-Agnostic Meta-Learning for HDR Image Reconstruction" (MetaHDR), which applies meta-learning to the LDR-to-HDR conversion problem using existing HDR datasets. Our key novelty is the reinterpretation of LDR-to-HDR conversion scenes as independently sampled tasks from a common LDR-to-HDR conversion task distribution. Naturally, we use a meta-learning framework that learns a set of meta-parameters which capture the common structure consistent across all LDR-to-HDR conversion tasks. Finally, we perform experimentation with MetaHDR to demonstrate its capacity to tackle challenging LDR-to-HDR image conversions. Code and pretrained models are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/edwin-pan/MetaHDR" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 12.Adaptive and Efficient Model Predictive Control for Booster Reentry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12536.pdf)
>  Engineering notes in Journal of Guidance, Control, and Dynamics does not have an abstract.      
### 13.Microwave Breast Imaging via Neural Networks for Almost Real-time Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12522.pdf)
>  Conventional breast cancer imaging techniques are nowadays based on the use of ionising radiations or ultrasound waves for the inspection of breast areas. Nevertheless, these conventional techniques present some drawbacks related to patient safety, processing time and resolution issues. In this framework, microwave imaging can represent a valid alternative or a complementary technique compared to other conventional medical imaging modalities since it is safe (using non-ionising radiations), relatively cheap and more comfortable from patient point of view. Unfortunately, it is slow and computationally expensive, which strongly limit its use in clinical scenarios. In this paper, an artificial neural network for effective and almost real-time breast imaging is proposed. First, a realistic breast-like phantom generator was developed for training the network. Subsequently, numerical analyses have been conducted for the optimisation and the performance evaluation of the approach. The results seem very promising in terms of recovery performance as well as for the computation burden.      
### 14.Strong Detectability and Observers for Linear Time Varying Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12432.pdf)
>  This work presents a notion of strong detectability for linear time varying systems affected by unknown inputs. It is shown that this notion is equivalent to detectability of an auxiliary system without unknown inputs. This allows a straightforward observer design for dependable state estimation in the presence of unknown inputs. The design reduces to a deterministic Kalman filter design problem, where the observer gains can be obtained from the solution of a differential Riccati equation. The efficacy of the proposed approach is demonstrated by means of a numerical example.      
### 15.Relay Selection with Imperfect SIC for FD/HD NOMA Cooperative Networks over Nakagami-$m$ Fades  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12418.pdf)
>  In this work, a non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) based transmission between two sources and two end-users is examined over independent non-identically distributed (i.n.i.d.) slow Nakagami-$m$ fading channels, where a single relay using decode-and-forward (DF) protocol is selected out of a set of full-duplex/half-duplex (FD/HD) multiple relays in accordance with the quality of service criterion. Two relay selection (RS) strategies, selecting a relay to maximize data rate of user 1 at selected relay and selecting a relay out of a set of relays providing service quality for user 1 to maximize data rate of user 2, are analyzed. Additionally, not only perfect successive interference cancellation (pSIC) but also imperfect SIC (ipSIC) is considered. The exact and asymptotic outage probability (OP) expressions are derived and validated via Monte Carlo simulation technique. Unlike existing works, our expressions are unique and valid for all cases such as FD and HD together with pSIC and ipSIC, i.e. expressions are not given separately but in a single compact form. Effect of each component such as pSIC, ipSIC, and self-interference (SI) for FD transmission on error floor of OP is demonstrated. Moreover, the optimum relay location is illustrated for a plenty of scenarios consisting of combination of different power allocations, data rates, pSIC/ipSIC, and total transmitted powers.      
### 16.Joint Weakly Supervised AT and AED Using Deep Feature Distillation and Adaptive Focal Loss  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12388.pdf)
>  A good joint training framework is very helpful to improve the performances of weakly supervised audio tagging (AT) and acoustic event detection (AED) simultaneously. In this study, we propose three methods to improve the best teacher-student framework of DCASE2019 Task 4 for both AT and AED tasks. A frame-level target-events based deep feature distillation is first proposed, it aims to leverage the potential of limited strong-labeled data in weakly supervised framework to learn better intermediate feature maps. Then we propose an adaptive focal loss and two-stage training strategy to enable an effective and more accurate model training, in which the contribution of difficult-to-classify and easy-to-classify acoustic events to the total cost function can be automatically adjusted. Furthermore, an event-specific post processing is designed to improve the prediction of target event time-stamps. Our experiments are performed on the public DCASE2019 Task4 dataset, and results show that our approach achieves competitive performances in both AT (49.8% F1-score) and AED (81.2% F1-score) tasks.      
### 17.Rule-Based Safety-Critical Control Design using Control Barrier Functions with Application to Autonomous Lane Change  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12382.pdf)
>  This paper develops a new control design for guaranteeing a vehicle's safety during lane change maneuvers in a complex traffic environment. The proposed method uses a finite state machine (FSM), where a quadratic program based optimization problem using control Lyapunov functions and control barrier functions (CLF-CBF-QP) is used to calculate the system's optimal inputs via rule-based control strategies. The FSM can make switches between different states automatically according to the command of driver and traffic environment, which makes the ego vehicle find a safe opportunity to do a collision-free lane change maneuver. By using a convex quadratic program, the controller can guarantee the system's safety at a high update frequency. A set of pre-designed typical lane change scenarios as well as randomly generated driving scenarios are simulated to show the performance of our controller.      
### 18.Safety-Critical Control using Optimal-decay Control Barrier Function with Guaranteed Point-wise Feasibility  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12375.pdf)
>  Safety is one of the fundamental problems in robotics. Recently, a quadratic program-based control barrier function (CBF) method has emerged as a way to enforce safety-critical constraints. Together with control Lyapunov function (CLF), it forms a safety-critical control strategy, named CLF-CBF-QP, which can mediate between achieving the control objective and ensuring safety, while being executable in real-time. However, once additional constraints such as input constraints are introduced, the CLF-CBF-QP may encounter infeasibility. In order to address the challenge that arises due to the infeasibility, we propose an optimal-decay form for safety-critical control wherein the decay rate of the CBF is optimized point-wise in time so as to guarantee point-wise feasibility when the state lies inside the safe set. The proposed control design is numerically validated using an adaptive cruise control example.      
### 19.An Interpretable Mapping from a Communication System to a Neural Network for Optimal Transceiver-Joint Equalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12353.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a scheme that utilizes the optimization ability of artificial intelligence (AI) for optimal transceiver-joint equalization in compensating for the optical filtering impairments caused by wavelength selective switches (WSS). In contrast to adding or replacing a certain module of existing digital signal processing (DSP), we exploit the similarity between a communication system and a neural network (NN). By mapping a communication system to an NN, in which the equalization modules correspond to the convolutional layers and other modules can been regarded as static layers, the optimal transceiver-joint equalization coefficients can be obtained. In particular, the DSP structure of the communication system is not changed. Extensive numerical simulations are performed to validate the performance of the proposed method. For a 65 GBaud 16QAM signal, it can achieve a 0.76 dB gain when the number of WSSs is 16 with a -6 dB bandwidth of 73 GHz.      
### 20.A Simple Robust MPC for Linear Systems with Parametric and Additive Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12351.pdf)
>  We propose a simple and computationally efficient approach for designing a robust Model Predictive Controller (MPC) for constrained uncertain linear systems. The uncertainty is modeled as an additive disturbance and an additive error on the system dynamics matrices. Set based bounds for each component of the model uncertainty are assumed to be known. We separate the constraint tightening strategy into two parts, depending on the length of the MPC horizon. For a horizon length of one, the robust MPC problem is solved exactly, whereas for other horizon lengths, the model uncertainty is over-approximated with a net-additive component. The resulting MPC controller guarantees robust satisfaction of state and input constraints in closed-loop with the uncertain system. With appropriately designed terminal components and an adaptive horizon strategy, we prove the controller's recursive feasibility and stability of the origin. With numerical simulations, we demonstrate that our proposed approach gains up to 15x online computation speedup over a tube MPC strategy, while stabilizing about 98$\%$ of the latter's region of attraction.      
### 21.Roughness Index and Roughness Distance for Benchmarking Medical Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12350.pdf)
>  Medical image segmentation is one of the most challenging tasks in medical image analysis and has been widely developed for many clinical applications. Most of the existing metrics have been first designed for natural images and then extended to medical images. While object surface plays an important role in medical segmentation and quantitative analysis i.e. analyze brain tumor surface, measure gray matter volume, most of the existing metrics are limited when it comes to analyzing the object surface, especially to tell about surface smoothness or roughness of a given volumetric object or to analyze the topological errors. In this paper, we first analysis both pros and cons of all existing medical image segmentation metrics, specially on volumetric data. We then propose an appropriate roughness index and roughness distance for medical image segmentation analysis and evaluation. Our proposed method addresses two kinds of segmentation errors, i.e. (i)topological errors on boundary/surface and (ii)irregularities on the boundary/surface. The contribution of this work is four-fold: (i) detect irregular spikes/holes on a surface, (ii) propose roughness index to measure surface roughness of a given object, (iii) propose a roughness distance to measure the distance of two boundaries/surfaces by utilizing the proposed roughness index and (iv) suggest an algorithm which helps to remove the irregular spikes/holes to smooth the surface. Our proposed roughness index and roughness distance are built upon the solid surface roughness parameter which has been successfully developed in the civil engineering.      
### 22.Consistency Analysis of the Closed-loop SRIVC Estimator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12338.pdf)
>  The Consistency of the Closed-Loop Simplified Refined Instrumental Variable method for Continuous-time system (CLSRIVC) is analysed based on sampled data. It is proven that the CLSRIVC estimator is not consistent when a continuous-time controller is used in the closed-loop.      
### 23.Adaptive Fractional-Order Sliding Mode Controller with Neural Network Compensator for an Ultrasonic Motor  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12327.pdf)
>  Ultrasonic motors (USMs) are commonly used in aerospace, robotics, and medical devices, where fast and precise motion is needed. Remarkably, sliding mode controller (SMC) is an effective controller to achieve precision motion control of the USMs. To improve the tracking accuracy and lower the chattering in the SMC, the fractional-order calculus is introduced in the design of an adaptive SMC in this paper, namely, adaptive fractional-order SMC (AFOSMC), in which the bound of the uncertainty existing in the USMs is estimated by a designed adaptive law. Additionally, a short memory principle is employed to overcome the difficulty of implementing the fractional-order calculus on a practical system in real-time. Here, the short memory principle may increase the tracking errors because some information is lost during its operation. Thus, a compensator according to the framework of Bellman's optimal control theory is proposed so that the residual errors caused by the short memory principle can be attenuated. Lastly, experiments on a USM are conducted, which comparative results verify the performance of the designed controller.      
### 24.Stochastic Hybrid Approximation for Uncertainty Management in Gas-Electric Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12246.pdf)
>  Gas-fired generators, with their ability to quickly ramp up and down their electricity production, play an important role in managing renewable energy variability. However, these changes in electricity production translate into variability in the consumption of natural gas, and propagate uncertainty from the electric grid to the natural gas system. To ensure that both systems are operating safely, there is an increasing need for coordination and uncertainty management among the electricity and gas networks. A challenging aspect of this coordination is the consideration of natural gas dynamics, which play an important role at the time scale of interest, but give rise to a set of non-linear and non-convex equations that are hard to optimize over even in the deterministic case. Many conventional methods for stochastic optimization cannot be used because they either incorporate a large number of scenarios directly or require the underlying problem to be convex. To address these challenges, we propose using a Stochastic Hybrid Approximation algorithm to more efficiently solve these problems and investigate several different variants of this algorithm. In a case study, we demonstrate that the proposed technique is able to quickly obtain high quality solutions and outperforms existing benchmarks such as Generalized Benders Decomposition. We demonstrate that coordinated uncertainty management that accounts for the gas system can significantly reduce both electric and gas system load shed in stressed conditions.      
### 25.Multiview and Multiclass Image Segmentation using Deep Learning in Fetal Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12245.pdf)
>  Congenital heart disease (CHD) is the most common congenital abnormality associated with birth defects in the United States. Despite training efforts and substantial advancement in ultrasound technology over the past years, CHD remains an abnormality that is frequently missed during prenatal ultrasonography. Therefore, computer-aided detection of CHD can play a critical role in prenatal care by improving screening and diagnosis. Since many CHDs involve structural abnormalities, automatic segmentation of anatomical structures is an important step in the analysis of fetal echocardiograms. While existing methods mainly focus on the four-chamber view with a small number of structures, here we present a more comprehensive deep learning segmentation framework covering 14 anatomical structures in both three-vessel trachea and four-chamber views. Specifically, our framework enhances the V-Net with spatial dropout, group normalization, and deep supervision to train a segmentation model that can be applied on both views regardless of abnormalities. By identifying the pitfall of using the Dice loss when some labels are unavailable in some images, this framework integrates information from multiple views and is robust to missing structures due to anatomical anomalies, achieving an average Dice score of 79%.      
### 26.On the Integration of Battery Electric Buses into Urban Bus Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12189.pdf)
>  Cities all around the world struggle with urban air quality due to transportation related emissions. In public transport networks, replacing internal combustion engine buses by electric buses provides an opportunity to improve air quality. Hence, many bus network operators currently ask for an optimal transformation plan to integrate battery electric buses into their fleet. Ideally, this plan also considers the installation of necessary charging infrastructure to ensure a fleet's operational feasibility. Against this background, we introduce an integrated modeling approach to determine a cost-optimal, long-term, multi-period transformation plan for integrating battery electric buses into urban bus networks. Our model connects central strategic and operational decisions. We minimize total cost of ownership and analyze potential reductions of nitrogen oxide emissions. Our results base on a case study of a real-world bus network and show that a comprehensive integration of battery electric buses is feasible and economically beneficial. By analyzing the impact of battery capacities and charging power on the optimal fleet transformation, we show that medium-power charging facilities combined with medium-capacity batteries are superior to networks with low-power or high-power charging facilities.      
### 27.Scale-free Distributed Cooperative Voltage Control of Inverter-based Microgrids with General Time-varying Communication Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12161.pdf)
>  This paper presents a method for controlling the voltage of inverter-based Microgrids by proposing a new scale-free distributed cooperative controller. The communication network is modeled by a general time-varying graph which enhances the resilience of the proposed protocol against communication link failure, data packet loss, and fast plug and play operation in the presence of arbitrarily communication delays. The proposed scale-free distributed cooperative controller is independent of any information about the communication system and the size of the network (i.e., the number of distributed generators). The stability analysis of the proposed protocol is provided. The proposed method is simulated on the CIGRE medium voltage Microgrid test system. The simulation results demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed scale-free distributed nonlinear protocol for regulating the voltage of Microgrids in presence of communication failures, data packet loss, noise, and degradation.      
### 28.An approximation for nonlinear differential-algebraic equations via singular perturbation theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12146.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study jumps of nonlinear DAEs caused by inconsistent initial values. First, we propose a simple normal form called the index-1 nonlinear Weierstrass form (INWF) for nonlinear DAEs. Then we generalize the notion of consistency projector for linear DAEs to the nonlinear case. By an example, we compare our proposed nonlinear consistency projectors with two existing consistent initialization methods to show that the two existing methods are not coordinate-free, i.e., the consistent points calculated by the two methods are not invariant under nonlinear coordinates transformations. Next we propose a singular perturbed system approximation for nonlinear DAEs, which is an ordinary differential equation (ODE) with a small perturbation parameter, we show that the solutions of the proposed perturbation system approximate both the jumps resulting from the nonlinear consistency projectors and the $\mathcal C^1$-solutions of the DAE. At last, we use a numerical simulation of a nonlinear DAE model arising from an electric circuit to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed singular perturbed system approximation of DAEs.      
### 29.QUCoughScope: An Artificially Intelligent Mobile Application to Detect Asymptomatic COVID-19 Patients using Cough and Breathing Sounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12063.pdf)
>  In the break of COVID-19 pandemic, mass testing has become essential to reduce the spread of the virus. Several recent studies suggest that a significant number of COVID-19 patients display no physical symptoms whatsoever. Therefore, it is unlikely that these patients will undergo COVID-19 test, which increases their chances of unintentionally spreading the virus. Currently, the primary diagnostic tool to detect COVID-19 is RT-PCR test on collected respiratory specimens from the suspected case. This requires patients to travel to a laboratory facility to be tested, thereby potentially infecting others along the <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://way.It" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> is evident from recent researches that asymptomatic COVID-19 patients cough and breath in a different way than the healthy people. Several research groups have created mobile and web-platform for crowdsourcing the symptoms, cough and breathing sounds from healthy, COVID-19 and Non-COVID patients. Some of these data repositories were made public. We have received such a repository from Cambridge University team under data-sharing agreement, where we have cough and breathing sound samples for 582 and 141 healthy and COVID-19 patients, respectively. 87 COVID-19 patients were asymptomatic, while rest of them have cough. We have developed an Android application to automatically screen COVID-19 from the comfort of people homes. Test subjects can simply download a mobile application, enter their symptoms, record an audio clip of their cough and breath, and upload the data anonymously to our servers. Our backend server converts the audio clip to spectrogram and then apply our state-of-the-art machine learning model to classify between cough sounds produced by COVID-19 patients, as opposed to healthy subjects or those with other respiratory conditions. The system can detect asymptomatic COVID-19 patients with a sensitivity more than 91%.      
### 30.Secure Energy Efficiency: Power Allocation and Outage Analysis for SWIPT-in-DAS based IoT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12720.pdf)
>  In this paper we study secure energy efficiency (SEE) for simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT) in a distributed antenna system (DAS) based IoT network. We consider a system in which both legitimate users (Bobs) and eavesdroppers (Eves) have power splitting (PS) receivers to simultaneously decode information and harvest energy from the received signal. When the channel state information (CSI) is known at the transmitter, we analyze the effect of an energy harvesting eavesdropper (EHE) over the maximization of SEE of the system. Next, considering the fact that perfect CSI is hard to achieve in practice, we characterize the system performance in terms of the outage probability of SEE. For the given SWIPT-in-DAS setup, we derive the closed form expression for the outage probability of SEE and with the help of numerical results, we study the effect of transmit power levels, number of distributed antenna (DA) ports and the PS ratio of devices. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to define the outage probability of SEE for SWIPT-in-DAS.      
### 31.A Distributed Active Set Method for Model Predictive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12681.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel distributed active set method for model predictive control of linear systems. The method combines a primal active set strategy with a decentralized conjugate gradient method to solve convex quadratic programs. An advantage of the proposed method compared to existing distributed model predictive algorithms is the primal feasibility of the iterates. Numerical results show that the proposed method can compete with the alternating direction method of multipliers in terms of communication requirements for a chain of masses example.      
### 32.Noise-tolerant wavefront shaping in a Hadamard basis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12637.pdf)
>  Light scattering is the main limitation for optical imaging. However, light can be focused through or inside turbid media by spatially shaping the incident wavefront. Wavefront shaping is ultimately limited by the available photon budget. We developed a new `dual reference' wavefront shaping algorithm that optimally uses the available light. Our method allows for multi-target wavefront shaping, making it suitable for transmission matrix measurements or transmitting images. We experimentally confirmed the improvement of the focus intensity compared to existing methods.      
### 33.Finite Impulse Response Filters for Simplicial Complexes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12587.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study linear filters to process signals defined on simplicial complexes, i.e., signals defined on nodes, edges, triangles, etc. of a simplicial complex, thereby generalizing filtering operations for graph signals. We propose a finite impulse response filter based on the Hodge Laplacian, and demonstrate how this filter can be designed to amplify or attenuate certain spectral components of simplicial signals. Specifically, we discuss how, unlike in the case of node signals, the Fourier transform in the context of edge signals can be understood in terms of two orthogonal subspaces corresponding to the gradient-flow signals and curl-flow signals arising from the Hodge decomposition. By assigning different filter coefficients to the associated terms of the Hodge Laplacian, we develop a subspace-varying filter which enables more nuanced control over these signal types. Numerical experiments are conducted to show the potential of simplicial filters for sub-component extraction, denoising and model approximation.      
### 34.Multimodal Personal Ear Authentication Using Smartphones  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12575.pdf)
>  In recent years, biometric authentication technology for smartphones has become widespread, with the mainstream methods being fingerprint authentication and face recognition. However, fingerprint authentication cannot be used when hands are wet, and face recognition cannot be used when a person is wearing a mask. Therefore, we examine a personal authentication system using the pinna as a new approach for biometric authentication on smartphones. Authentication systems based on the acoustic transfer function of the pinna (PRTF: Pinna Related Transfer Function) have been investigated. However, the authentication accuracy decreases due to the positional fluctuation across each measurement. In this paper, we propose multimodal personal authentication on smartphones using PRTF. The pinna image and positional sensor information are used with the PRTF, and the effectiveness of the authentication method is examined. We demonstrate that the proposed authentication system can compensate for the positional changes in each measurement and improve robustness.      
### 35.Reconfigurable-Metasurface-Aided Multi-State Generalized Polarization-Space Modulation for Next-Generation Wireless Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12573.pdf)
>  We propose a low-cost reconfigurable metasurface transmitter to implement generalized polarization-space modulation (GPSM) that has been proposed for next-generation wireless communications. Unlike conventional multiple-input multiple-output GPSM, our electromagnetically-compliant, reduced form-factor design using Barium-Strontium-Titanate film yields more than two polarization states. Full-wave simulations show our optimized design achieves 0.08-0.95 polarization conversion ratio with 5% bandwidth at 28 GHz and bit error rates comparable or better than conventional systems.      
### 36.Assured Learning-enabled Autonomy: A Metacognitive Reinforcement Learning Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12558.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) agents with pre-specified reward functions cannot provide guaranteed safety across variety of circumstances that an uncertain system might encounter. To guarantee performance while assuring satisfaction of safety constraints across variety of circumstances, an assured autonomous control framework is presented in this paper by empowering RL algorithms with metacognitive learning capabilities. More specifically, adapting the reward function parameters of the RL agent is performed in a metacognitive decision-making layer to assure the feasibility of RL agent. That is, to assure that the learned policy by the RL agent satisfies safety constraints specified by signal temporal logic while achieving as much performance as possible. The metacognitive layer monitors any possible future safety violation under the actions of the RL agent and employs a higher-layer Bayesian RL algorithm to proactively adapt the reward function for the lower-layer RL agent. To minimize the higher-layer Bayesian RL intervention, a fitness function is leveraged by the metacognitive layer as a metric to evaluate success of the lower-layer RL agent in satisfaction of safety and liveness specifications, and the higher-layer Bayesian RL intervenes only if there is a risk of lower-layer RL failure. Finally, a simulation example is provided to validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 37.On gray-box modeling for virtual flow metering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12513.pdf)
>  A virtual flow meter (VFM) enables continuous prediction of flow rates in petroleum production systems. The predicted flow rates may aid the daily control and optimization of a petroleum asset. Gray-box modeling is an approach that combines mechanistic and data-driven modeling. The objective is to create a VFM with higher accuracy than a mechanistic VFM, and with a higher scientific consistency than a data-driven VFM. This article investigates five different gray-box model types in an industrial case study on 10 petroleum wells. The study casts light upon the nontrivial task of balancing learning from physics and data. The results indicate that the inclusion of data-driven elements in a mechanistic model improves the predictive performance of the model while insignificantly influencing the scientific consistency. However, the results are influenced by the available data. The findings encourage future research into online learning and the utilization of methods that incorporate data from several wells.      
### 38.Remote Sensing to Control Respiratory Viral Diseases Outbreaks using Internet of Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12512.pdf)
>  The respiratory viral diseases, such as those caused by the family of coronaviruses, can be extremely contagious and spread through saliva droplets generated by coughing, sneezing, or breathing. In humans, the most common symptoms of the infection include fever and difficulty in breathing. In order to reduce the diffusion of the current "Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19)" pandemic, the Internet of Things (IoT) technologies can play an important role; for instance, they can be effectively used for implementing a real-time patient tracking and warning system at a city scale. Crucial places to install the tracking IoT devices are the public/private vehicles that, augmented with multiple connectivity solutions, can implement the Internet of Vehicles (IoV) paradigm. In such a ubiquitous network environment, vehicles are equipped with a variety of sensors, including regular cameras that can be replaced with thermal cameras. Therefore, this paper proposes a new design for widely detecting respiratory viral diseases that leverages IoV to collect real-time body temperature and breathing rate measurements of pedestrians. This information can be used to recognize geographic areas affected by possible COVID-19 cases and to implement proactive preventive strategies that would further limit the spread of the disease.      
### 39.Differentiable Agent-Based Simulation for Gradient-Guided Simulation-Based Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12476.pdf)
>  Simulation-based optimization using agent-based models is typically carried out under the assumption that the gradient describing the sensitivity of the simulation output to the input cannot be evaluated directly. To still apply gradient-based optimization methods, which efficiently steer the optimization towards a local optimum, gradient estimation methods can be employed. However, many simulation runs are needed to obtain accurate estimates if the input dimension is large. Automatic differentiation (AD) is a family of techniques to compute gradients of general programs directly. Here, we explore the use of AD in the context of time-driven agent-based simulations. By substituting common discrete model elements such as conditional branching with smooth approximations, we obtain gradient information across discontinuities in the model logic. On the example of microscopic traffic models and an epidemics model, we study the fidelity and overhead of the differentiable models, as well as the convergence speed and solution quality achieved by gradient-based optimization compared to gradient-free methods. In traffic signal timing optimization problems with high input dimension, the gradient-based methods exhibit substantially superior performance. Finally, we demonstrate that the approach enables gradient-based training of neural network-controlled simulation entities embedded in the model logic.      
### 40.Deep KKL: Data-driven Output Prediction for Non-Linear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12443.pdf)
>  We address the problem of output prediction, ie. designing a model for autonomous nonlinear systems capable of forecasting their future observations. We first define a general framework bringing together the necessary properties for the development of such an output predictor. In particular, we look at this problem from two different viewpoints, control theory and data-driven techniques (machine learning), and try to formulate it in a consistent way, reducing the gap between the two fields. Building on this formulation and problem definition, we propose a predictor structure based on the Kazantzis-Kravaris/Luenberger (KKL) observer and we show that KKL fits well into our general framework. Finally, we propose a constructive solution for this predictor that solely relies on a small set of trajectories measured from the system. Our experiments show that our solution allows to obtain an efficient predictor over a subset of the observation space.      
### 41.Interpretable ML-driven Strategy for Automated Trading Pattern Extraction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12419.pdf)
>  Financial markets are a source of non-stationary multidimensional time series which has been drawing attention for decades. Each financial instrument has its specific changing over time properties, making their analysis a complex task. Improvement of understanding and development of methods for financial time series analysis is essential for successful operation on financial markets. In this study we propose a volume-based data pre-processing method for making financial time series more suitable for machine learning pipelines. We use a statistical approach for assessing the performance of the method. Namely, we formally state the hypotheses, set up associated classification tasks, compute effect sizes with confidence intervals, and run statistical tests to validate the hypotheses. We additionally assess the trading performance of the proposed method on historical data and compare it to a previously published approach. Our analysis shows that the proposed volume-based method allows successful classification of the financial time series patterns, and also leads to better classification performance than a price action-based method, excelling specifically on more liquid financial instruments. Finally, we propose an approach for obtaining feature interactions directly from tree-based models on example of CatBoost estimator, as well as formally assess the relatedness of the proposed approach and SHAP feature interactions with a positive outcome.      
### 42.Towards 6G Holographic Localization: Enabling Technologies and Perspectives  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12415.pdf)
>  In the last years, we have experienced the evolution of wireless localization from being a simple add-on feature for enabling specific applications, to becoming an essential characteristic of wireless cellular networks, as for sixth generation cellular networks. This perspective paper will revolve around the role of radio localization in all the cellular generations, from first generation to 6G, and it speculates about the idea of holographic localization enabled by the advent of large intelligent surfaces, made of metamaterials. Along this line, we briefly introduce the current state-of-the-art of the available technologies, and we illustrate the road ahead with the inherent challenges brought by this new technology.      
### 43.Neural Network Controller for Autonomous Pile Loading Revised  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12379.pdf)
>  We have recently proposed two pile loading controllers that learn from human demonstrations: a neural network (NNet) [1] and a random forest (RF) controller [2]. In the field experiments the RF controller obtained clearly better success rates. In this work, the previous findings are drastically revised by experimenting summer time trained controllers in winter conditions. The winter experiments revealed a need for additional sensors, more training data, and a controller that can take advantage of these. Therefore, we propose a revised neural controller (NNetV2) which has a more expressive structure and uses a neural attention mechanism to focus on important parts of the sensor and control signals. Using the same data and sensors to train and test the three controllers, NNetV2 achieves better robustness against drastically changing conditions and superior success rate. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work testing a learning-based controller for a heavy-duty machine in drastically varying outdoor conditions and delivering high success rate in winter, being trained in summer.      
### 44.Distributed coordinated path following using guiding vector fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12372.pdf)
>  It is essential in many applications to impose a scalable coordinated motion control on a large group of mobile robots, which is efficient in tasks requiring repetitive execution, such as environmental monitoring. In this paper, we design a guiding vector field to guide multiple robots to follow possibly different desired paths while coordinating their motions. The vector field uses a path parameter as a virtual coordinate that is communicated among neighboring robots. Then, the virtual coordinate is utilized to control the relative parametric displacement between robots along the paths. This enables us to design a saturated control algorithm for a Dubins-car-like model. The algorithm is distributed, scalable, and applicable for any smooth paths in an $n$-dimensional configuration space, and global convergence is guaranteed. Simulations with up to fifty robots and outdoor experiments with fixed-wing aircraft validate the theoretical results.      
### 45.Model Based Control of Commercial-Off-TheShelf (COTS) Unmanned Rotorcraft for BrickWall Construction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12335.pdf)
>  This work proposes a systematic framework for modelling and controller design of a Commercial-Off-The Shelf (COTS) unmanned rotorcraft using control theory and principles, for brick wall construction. With point to point navigation as the primary application, command velocities in the three axes of the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) are considered as inputs of the system while its actual velocities are system outputs. Using the sine and step response data acquired from a Hardware-in-Loop (HiL) test simulator, the considered system was modelled in individual axes with the help of the proposed framework. This model was employed for controller design where a sliding mode controller was chosen to satisfy certain requirements of the application like robustness, flexibility and accuracy. The model was validated using step response data and produced a deviation of only 9%. Finally, the controller results from field test showed fine control up to 8 cms accuracy. Sliding Mode Control (SMC) was also compared with a linear controller derived from iterative experimentations and seen to perform better than the latter in terms of accuracy, and robustness to parametric variations and wind disturbances.      
### 46.A machine-learning approach to synthesize virtual sensors for parameter-varying systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12324.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel model-free approach to synthesize virtual sensors for the estimation of dynamical quantities that are unmeasurable at runtime but are available for design purposes on test benches. After collecting a dataset of measurements of such quantities, together with other variables that are also available during on-line operations, the virtual sensor is obtained using machine learning techniques by training a predictor whose inputs are the measured variables and the features extracted by a bank of linear observers fed with the same measures. The approach is applicable to infer the value of quantities such as physical states and other time-varying parameters that affect the dynamics of the system. The proposed virtual sensor architecture - whose structure can be related to the Multiple Model Adaptive Estimation framework - is conceived to keep computational and memory requirements as low as possible, so that it can be efficiently implemented in embedded hardware platforms. <br>The effectiveness of the approach is shown in different numerical examples, involving the estimation of the scheduling parameter of a nonlinear parameter-varying system, the reconstruction of the mode of a switching linear system, and the estimation of the state of charge (SoC) of a lithium-ion battery.      
### 47.GISE-51: A scalable isolated sound events dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12306.pdf)
>  Most of the existing isolated sound event datasets comprise a small number of sound event classes, usually 10 to 15, restricted to a small domain, such as domestic and urban sound events. In this work, we introduce GISE-51, a dataset spanning 51 isolated sound events belonging to a broad domain of event types. We also release GISE-51-Mixtures, a dataset of 5-second soundscapes with hard-labelled event boundaries synthesized from GISE-51 isolated sound events. We conduct baseline sound event recognition (SER) experiments on the GISE-51-Mixtures dataset, benchmarking prominent convolutional neural networks, and models trained with the dataset demonstrate strong transfer learning performance on existing audio recognition benchmarks. Together, GISE-51 and GISE-51-Mixtures attempt to address some of the shortcomings of recent sound event datasets, providing an open, reproducible benchmark for future research along with the freedom to adapt the included isolated sound events for domain-specific applications.      
### 48.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface-Assisted MAC for Wireless Networks: Protocol Design, Analysis, and Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12296.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is a promising reflective radio technology for improving the coverage and rate of future wireless systems by reconfiguring the wireless propagation environment. The current work mainly focuses on the physical layer design of RIS. However, enabling multiple devices to communicate with the assistance of RIS is a crucial challenging problem. Motivated by this, we explore RIS-assisted communications at the medium access control (MAC) layer and propose an RIS-assisted MAC framework. In particular, RISassisted transmissions are implemented by pre-negotiation and a multi-dimension reservation (MDR) scheme. Based on this, we investigate RIS-assisted single-channel multi-user (SCMU) communications. Wherein the RIS regarded as a whole unity can be reserved by one user to support the multiple data transmissions, thus achieving high efficient RIS-assisted connections at the user. Moreover, under frequency-selective channels, implementing the MDR scheme on the RIS group division, RISassisted multi-channel multi-user (MCMU) communications are further explored to improve the service efficiency of the RIS and decrease the computation complexity. Besides, a Markov chain is built based on the proposed RIS-assisted MAC framework to analyze the system performance of SCMU/MCMU. Then the optimization problem is formulated to maximize the overall system capacity of SCMU/MCMU with energy-efficient constraint. The performance evaluations demonstrate the feasibility and effectiveness of each      
### 49.Non-Euclidean Contraction Theory via Semi-Inner Products  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12263.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study necessary and sufficient conditions for contraction and incremental stability of dynamical systems with respect to non-Euclidean norms. First, generalizing Lumer semi-inner products, we introduce weak semi-inner products (WSIPs), and characterize their properties. We introduce and study the sign and max WSIPs for the $\ell_{1}$ and $\ell_{\infty}$ norms, respectively. Using WSIPs, we then establish five equivalent characterizations for contraction, including one-sided Lipschitz continuity of the vector field as well as matrix measure and generalized Demidovich conditions for the corresponding Jacobian. Third, we extend our contraction framework in two directions: we prove equivalences for contraction of continuous vector fields and we formalize the weaker notion of equilibrium contraction, which ensures exponential convergence to a given equilibrium. Finally, as an application of the general theory, we provide (i) incremental input-to-state stability and finite input-state gain properties for contracting systems, and (ii) a hierarchical analysis approach to establish contraction properties for interconnected systems.      
### 50.Biologically Inspired Collision Avoidance Without Distance Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12239.pdf)
>  Biological evidence shows that animals are capable of evading eminent collision without using depth information, relying solely on looming stimuli. In robotics, collision avoidance among uncooperative vehicles requires measurement of relative distance to the obstacle. Small, low-cost mobile robots and UAVs might be unable to carry distance measuring sensors, like LIDARS and depth cameras. We propose a control framework suitable for a unicycle-like vehicle moving in a 2D plane that achieves collision avoidance. The control strategy is inspired by the reaction of invertebrates to approaching obstacles, relying exclusively on line-of-sight (LOS) angle, LOS angle rate, and time-to-collision as feedback. Those quantities can readily be estimated from a monocular camera vision system onboard a mobile robot. The proposed avoidance law commands the heading angle to circumvent a moving obstacle with unknown position, while the velocity controller is left as a degree of freedom to accomplish other mission objectives. Theoretical guarantees are provided to show that minimum separation between the vehicle and the obstacle is attained regardless of the exogenous tracking controller.      
### 51.Explainability: Relevance based Dynamic Deep Learning Algorithm for Fault Detection and Diagnosis in Chemical Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12222.pdf)
>  The focus of this work is on Statistical Process Control (SPC) of a manufacturing process based on available measurements. Two important applications of SPC in industrial settings are fault detection and diagnosis (FDD). In this work a deep learning (DL) based methodology is proposed for FDD. We investigate the application of an explainability concept to enhance the FDD accuracy of a deep neural network model trained with a data set of relatively small number of samples. The explainability is quantified by a novel relevance measure of input variables that is calculated from a Layerwise Relevance Propagation (LRP) algorithm. It is shown that the relevances can be used to discard redundant input feature vectors/ variables iteratively thus resulting in reduced over-fitting of noisy data, increasing distinguishability between output classes and superior FDD test accuracy. The efficacy of the proposed method is demonstrated on the benchmark Tennessee Eastman Process.      
### 52.Two-Dimensional Cruise Control of Autonomous Vehicles on Lane-Free Roads  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12205.pdf)
>  In this paper, we design decentralized control strategies for the two-dimensional movement of autonomous vehicles on lane-free roads. The bicycle kinematic model is used to model the dynamics of the vehicles, and each vehicle determines its control input based only on its own speed and on the distance from other (adjacent) vehicles and the boundary of the road. Potential functions and Barbalat's lemma are employed to prove the following properties, which are ensured by the proposed controller: (i) the vehicles do not collide with each other or with the boundary of the road; (ii) the speeds of all vehicles are always positive, i.e., no vehicle moves backwards at any time; (iii) the speed of all vehicles remain below a given speed limit; (iv) all vehicle speeds converge to a given longitudinal speed set-point; and (v) the accelerations, lateral speeds, and orientations of all vehicles tend to zero. The efficiency of the proposed 2-D cruise controllers is illustrated by means of numerical examples.      
### 53.Online Baum-Welch algorithm for Hierarchical Imitation Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12197.pdf)
>  The options framework for hierarchical reinforcement learning has increased its popularity in recent years and has made improvements in tackling the scalability problem in reinforcement learning. Yet, most of these recent successes are linked with a proper options initialization or discovery. When an expert is available, the options discovery problem can be addressed by learning an options-type hierarchical policy directly from expert demonstrations. This problem is referred to as hierarchical imitation learning and can be handled as an inference problem in a Hidden Markov Model, which is done via an Expectation-Maximization type algorithm. In this work, we propose a novel online algorithm to perform hierarchical imitation learning in the options framework. Further, we discuss the benefits of such an algorithm and compare it with its batch version in classical reinforcement learning benchmarks. We show that this approach works well in both discrete and continuous environments and, under certain conditions, it outperforms the batch version.      
### 54.Max-Min Fair Energy-Efficient Beamforming Design for Intelligent Reflecting Surface-Aided SWIPT Systems with Non-linear Energy Harvesting Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12195.pdf)
>  This paper considers an intelligent reflecting sur-face (IRS)-aided simultaneous wireless information and power transfer (SWIPT) network, where multiple users decode data and harvest energy from the transmitted signal of a transmit-ter. The proposed design framework exploits the cost-effective IRS to establish favorable communication environment to improve the fair energy efficient. In particular, we study the max-min energy efficiency (EE) of the system by jointly designing the transmit information and energy beamforming at the base station (BS), phase shifts at the IRS, as well as the power splitting (PS) ratio at all users subject to the minimum rate, minimum harvested energy, and transmit power constraints. The formulated problem is non-convex and thus challenging to be solved. We propose two algorithms namely penalty-based and inner approximation (IA)-based to handle the non-convexity of the optimization problem. As such, we divide the original problem into two sub-problems and apply the alternating optimization (AO) algorithm for both proposed algorithms to handle it iteratively. In particular, in the penalty-based algorithm for the first sub-problem, the semi-definite relaxation (SDR) technique, difference of convex functions (DC) programming, majorization-minimization (MM) approach, and fractional programming theory are exploited to transform the non-convex optimization problem into a convex form that can be addressed efficiently. For the second sub-problem, a penalty-based approach is proposed to handle the optimization on the phase shifts introduced by the IRS with the proposed algorithms. For the IA-based method, we optimize jointly beamforming vectors and phase shifts while the PS ratio is solved optimally in the first sub-problem...      
### 55.Average Rate Analysis of RIS-aided Short Packet Communication in URLLC Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12175.pdf)
>  In this paper, the average achievable rate of a re-configurable intelligent surface (RIS) aided factory automation is investigated in finite blocklength (FBL) regime. First, the composite channel containing the direct path plus the product of reflected paths through the RIS is characterized. Then, the distribution of the received signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is matched to a Gamma random variable whose parameters depend on the total number of RIS elements as well as the channel pathloss. Next, by assuming FBL model, the achievable rate expression is identified and the corresponding average rate is elaborated based on the proposed SNR distribution. The phase error due to quantizing the phase shifts is considered in the simulation. The numerical results show that Monte Carlo simulations conform to the matched Gamma distribution for the received SNR for large number of RIS elements. In addition, the system reliability indicated by the tightness of the SNR distribution increases when RIS is leveraged particularly when only the reflected channel exists. This highlights the advantages of RIS-aided communications for ultra-reliable low-latency communications (URLLC) systems. The reduction of average achievable rate due to working in FBL regime with respect to Shannon capacity is also investigated as a function of total RIS elements.      
### 56.Convergence of Finite Memory Q-Learning for POMDPs and Near Optimality of Learned Policies under Filter Stability  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12158.pdf)
>  In this paper, for POMDPs, we provide the convergence of a Q learning algorithm for control policies using a finite history of past observations and control actions, and, consequentially, we establish near optimality of such limit Q functions under explicit filter stability conditions. We present explicit error bounds relating the approximation error to the length of the finite history window. We establish the convergence of such Q-learning iterations under mild ergodicity assumptions on the state process during the exploration phase. We further show that the limit fixed point equation gives an optimal solution for an approximate belief-MDP. We then provide bounds on the performance of the policy obtained using the limit Q values compared to the performance of the optimal policy for the POMDP, where we also present explicit conditions using recent results on filter stability in controlled POMDPs. While there exist many experimental results, (i) the rigorous asymptotic convergence (to an approximate MDP value function) for such finite-memory Q-learning algorithms, and (ii) the near optimality with an explicit rate of convergence (in the memory size) are results that are new to the literature, to our knowledge.      
### 57.Tiny Transformers for Environmental Sound Classification at the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12157.pdf)
>  With the growth of the Internet of Things and the rise of Big Data, data processing and machine learning applications are being moved to cheap and low size, weight, and power (SWaP) devices at the edge, often in the form of mobile phones, embedded systems, or microcontrollers. The field of Cyber-Physical Measurements and Signature Intelligence (MASINT) makes use of these devices to analyze and exploit data in ways not otherwise possible, which results in increased data quality, increased security, and decreased bandwidth. However, methods to train and deploy models at the edge are limited, and models with sufficient accuracy are often too large for the edge device. Therefore, there is a clear need for techniques to create efficient AI/ML at the edge. This work presents training techniques for audio models in the field of environmental sound classification at the edge. Specifically, we design and train Transformers to classify office sounds in audio clips. Results show that a BERT-based Transformer, trained on Mel spectrograms, can outperform a CNN using 99.85% fewer parameters. To achieve this result, we first tested several audio feature extraction techniques designed for Transformers, using ESC-50 for evaluation, along with various augmentations. Our final model outperforms the state-of-the-art MFCC-based CNN on the office sounds dataset, using just over 6,000 parameters -- small enough to run on a microcontroller.      
### 58.A Perceptual Model of Musical Mix Clarity using Decomposition and Masking Thresholds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12152.pdf)
>  Objective measurement of perceptually motivated music attributes has application in both target driven mixing and mastering methodologies and music information retrieval. This work proposes a perceptual model of mix clarity which decomposes a mixed input signal into transient, steady-state, and residual components. Masking thresholds are calculated for each component and their relative relationship is used to determine an overall masking score as the model's output. Three variants of the model were tested against subjective mix clarity scores gathered from a controlled listening test. The best performing variant achieved a Spearman's rank correlation of rho = 0.8382 (p&lt;0.01). Furthermore, the model output was analysed using an independent dataset generated by progressively applying degradation effects to the test stimuli. Analysis of the model suggested a close relationship between the proposed model and the subjective mix clarity scores particularly when masking was measured using linearly spaced analysis bands. Moreover, the presence of noise-like residual signals was shown to have a negative effect on the perceived mix clarity.      
### 59.An Efficient Interference-Aware Constrained Massive MIMO Beamforming for mm-Wave JSDM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12151.pdf)
>  Low-complexity beamformer design with practical constraints is an attractive research area for hybrid analog/digital systems in mm-wave massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO). This paper investigates interference-aware pre-beamformer (analog beamformer) design for joint spatial division and multiplexing (JSDM) which is a user-grouping based two-stage beamforming method. Single-carrier frequency domain equalization (SC-FDE) is employed in uplink frequency-selective channels. First, unconstrained slowly changing statistical analog beamformer of each group, namely, generalized eigenbeamformer (GEB) which has strong interference suppression capability is designed where the mutual information in reduced dimension is maximized. Then, constant-modulus constrained approximations of unconstrained beamformer are obtained by utilizing alternating minimization algorithms for fully connected arrays and fixed subarrays. In addition, a dynamic subarray algorithm is proposed where the connections between radio frequency (RF) chains and antennas are changed with changing channel statistics. Convergence of the proposed alternating minimization-based algorithms are provided along with their complexity analysis. It is observed that additional complexity of proposed algorithms is insignificant for the overall system design. Although most of the interference is suppressed with the help of proposed constrained beamformers, there may be some residual interference after the analog beamforming stage. Therefore, linear minimum mean square error (LMMSE) type digital beamformers, which take the residual interference in reduced dimension into account, are proposed instead of zero-forcing (ZF) type. Simulation results verify the superiority of the proposed interference-aware constrained design over existing approaches in terms of beampattern, spectral efficiency, outage capacity and channel estimation accuracy.      
### 60.A Directed, Bi-Populated Preferential Attachment Model with Applications to Analyzing the Glass Ceiling Effect  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12149.pdf)
>  Preferential attachment, homophily and, their consequences such as the glass ceiling effect have been well-studied in the context of undirected networks. However, the lack of an intuitive, theoretically tractable model of a directed, bi-populated~(i.e.,~containing two groups) network with variable levels of preferential attachment, homophily and growth dynamics~(e.g.,~the rate at which new nodes join, whether the new nodes mostly follow existing nodes or the existing nodes follow them, etc.) has largely prevented such consequences from being explored in the context of directed networks, where they more naturally occur due to the asymmetry of links. To this end, we present a rigorous theoretical analysis of the \emph{Directed Mixed Preferential Attachment} model and, use it to analyze the glass ceiling effect in directed networks. More specifically, we derive the closed-form expressions for the power-law exponents of the in- and out- degree distributions of each group~(minority and majority) and, compare them with each other to obtain insights. In particular, our results yield answers to questions such as: \emph{when does the minority group have a heavier out-degree (or in-degree) distribution compared to the majority group? what effect does frequent addition of edges between existing nodes have on the in- and out- degree distributions of the majority and minority groups?}. Such insights shed light on the interplay between the structure~(i.e., the in- and out- degree distributions of the two groups) and dynamics~(characterized collectively by the homophily, preferential attachment, group sizes and growth dynamics) of various real-world networks. Finally, we utilize the obtained analytical results to characterize the conditions under which the glass ceiling effect emerge in a directed network. Our analytical results are supported by detailed numerical results.      
### 61.Performance Bounds for Neural Network Estimators: Applications in Fault Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12141.pdf)
>  We exploit recent results in quantifying the robustness of neural networks to input variations to construct and tune a model-based anomaly detector, where the data-driven estimator model is provided by an autoregressive neural network. In tuning, we specifically provide upper bounds on the rate of false alarms expected under normal operation. To accomplish this, we provide a theory extension to allow for the propagation of multiple confidence ellipsoids through a neural network. The ellipsoid that bounds the output of the neural network under the input variation informs the sensitivity - and thus the threshold tuning - of the detector. We demonstrate this approach on a linear and nonlinear dynamical system.      
### 62.Moving from Linear to Conic Markets for Electricity  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12122.pdf)
>  We propose a new forward electricity market framework that admits heterogeneous market participants with second-order cone strategy sets, who accurately express the nonlinearities in their costs and constraints through conic bids, and a network operator facing conic operational constraints. In contrast to the prevalent linear-programming-based electricity markets, we highlight how the inclusion of second-order cone constraints enables uncertainty-, asset- and network-awareness of the market, which is key to the successful transition towards an electricity system based on weather-dependent renewable energy sources. We analyze our general market-clearing proposal using conic duality theory to derive efficient spatially-differentiated prices for the multiple commodities, comprising of energy and flexibility services. Under the assumption of perfect competition, we prove the equivalence of the centrally-solved market-clearing optimization problem to a competitive spatial price equilibrium involving a set of rational and self-interested participants and a price setter. Finally, under common assumptions, we prove that moving towards conic markets does not incur the loss of desirable economic properties of markets, namely market efficiency, cost recovery and revenue adequacy. Our numerical studies focus on the specific use case of uncertainty-aware market design and demonstrate that the proposed conic market brings advantages over existing alternatives within the linear programming market framework.      
### 63.The Concept of an Autonomic Avionics Platform and the Resulting Software Engineering Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.12065.pdf)
>  The self-* properties commonly associated with the concept of autonomic computing are capabilities desirable for avionics software platforms. They decrease the configuration effort and inherently provide new fault tolerance and resource savings possibilities. The rigid certification process and the requirements for a static and predetermined system behavior are, however, in contradiction with the adaptive and flexible nature of autonomic computing systems. We propose a partition-based architecture providing autonomic features for avionics software platforms while being compliant to regulations and accepted technologies, such as ARINC 653. The core is a platform consciousness based on a domain-specific model and a novel MAP-QE-K cycle. Moreover, we suggest a planning intelligence, a virtual qualification authority, and a minimized execution unit. For each component we define the required design assurance level and possible realization techniques. We discuss the overall feasibility and point out central challenges in the fields of runtime verification and models at runtime. These challenges need to be solved up to the realization of autonomic avionics, e.g. a virtual security assessment and a qualifiable domain-specific model database.      
