# ArXiv eess --Wed, 31 Mar 2021
### 1.Online Policies for Real-Time Control Using MRAC-RL  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16551.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the Model Reference Adaptive Control &amp; Reinforcement Learning (MRAC-RL) approach to developing online policies for systems in which modeling errors occur in real-time. Although reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms have been successfully used to develop control policies for dynamical systems, discrepancies between simulated dynamics and the true target dynamics can cause trained policies to fail to generalize and adapt appropriately when deployed in the real-world. The MRAC-RL framework generates online policies by utilizing an inner-loop adaptive controller together with a simulation-trained outer-loop RL policy. This structure allows MRAC-RL to adapt and operate effectively in a target environment, even when parametric uncertainties exists. We propose a set of novel MRAC algorithms, apply them to a class of nonlinear systems, derive the associated control laws, provide stability guarantees for the resulting closed-loop system, and show that the adaptive tracking objective is achieved. Using a simulation study of an automated quadrotor landing task, we demonstrate that the MRAC-RL approach improves upon state-of-the-art RL algorithms and techniques through the generation of online policies.      
### 2.The Future of Intelligent Wavefront Shaping for Smart Radio Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16542.pdf)
>  As the electromagnetic spectrum becomes more congested and the environments in which we need to operate become more complicated, control over the environment itself becomes necessary to ensure the integrity of wireless communication channels. Wavefront shaping with programmable metasurfaces allows wave fields to be manipulated in both time and space, providing a method to interact with the environment. When coupled with deep learning, intelligent wavefront shaping serves as a catalyst, enabling smart radio environments and unlocking applications beyond traditional wireless communication networks. In this paper, we discuss the outlook of intelligent wavefront shaping for wave propagation in complex environments and highlight its transformative potential.      
### 3.A Non-Conservative Stability Criterion for Networked Control Systems with time-varying Packet Delays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16514.pdf)
>  A networked output feedback loop subject to packetized transmissions of the output signal is considered. Based on the small gain theorem, an easy-to-use stability criterion covering two important cases is presented. In the first case a packet numbering mechanism is employed whereas in the second case neither packet numbering nor synchronization between sender and receiver is assumed. The analysis makes use of acausal subsystems and deduces the optimal constant time delay that should be used in a nominal controller design such that additional packet delay variations introduced by the network are maximized. A simulation example of a networked control system with a filtered Smith predictor illustrates the application of the proposed criterion and compares the results to different approaches from literature.      
### 4.Designing Experiments for Data-Driven Control of Nonlinear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16509.pdf)
>  In a recent paper we have shown that data collected from linear systems excited by persistently exciting inputs during low-complexity experiments, can be used to design state- and output-feedback controllers, including optimal Linear Quadratic Regulators (LQR), by solving linear matrix inequalities (LMI) and semidefinite programs. We have also shown how to stabilize in the first approximation unknown nonlinear systems using data. In contrast to the case of linear systems, however, in the case of nonlinear systems the conditions for learning a controller directly from data may not be fulfilled even when the data are collected in experiments performed using persistently exciting inputs. In this paper we show how to design experiments that lead to the fulfilment of these conditions.      
### 5.Assessing the Role of Random Forests in Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16492.pdf)
>  Neural networks represent a field of research that can quickly achieve very good results in the field of medical image segmentation using a GPU. A possible way to achieve good results without GPUs are random forests. For this purpose, two random forest approaches were compared with a state-of-the-art deep convolutional neural network. To make the comparison the PhC-C2DH-U373 and the retinal imaging datasets were used. The evaluation showed that the deep convolutional neutral network achieved the best results. However, one of the random forest approaches also achieved a similar high performance. Our results indicate that random forest approaches are a good alternative to deep convolutional neural networks and, thus, allow the usage of medical image segmentation without a GPU.      
### 6.Enhancing Segment-Based Speech Emotion Recognition by Deep Self-Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16456.pdf)
>  Despite the widespread utilization of deep neural networks (DNNs) for speech emotion recognition (SER), they are severely restricted due to the paucity of labeled data for training. Recently, segment-based approaches for SER have been evolving, which train backbone networks on shorter segments instead of whole utterances, and thus naturally augments training examples without additional resources. However, one core challenge remains for segment-based approaches: most emotional corpora do not provide ground-truth labels at the segment level. To supervisely train a segment-based emotion model on such datasets, the most common way assigns each segment the corresponding utterance's emotion label. However, this practice typically introduces noisy (incorrect) labels as emotional information is not uniformly distributed across the whole utterance. On the other hand, DNNs have been shown to easily over-fit a dataset when being trained with noisy labels. To this end, this work proposes a simple and effective deep self-learning (DSL) framework, which comprises a procedure to progressively correct segment-level labels in an iterative learning manner. The DSL method produces dynamically-generated and soft emotion labels, leading to significant performance improvements. Experiments on three well-known emotional corpora demonstrate noticeable gains using the proposed method.      
### 7.Two-stage Robust Energy Storage Planning with Probabilistic Guarantees: A Data-driven Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16424.pdf)
>  This paper addresses a central challenge of jointly considering shorter-term (e.g. hourly) and longer-term (e.g. yearly) uncertainties in power system planning with increasing penetration of renewable and storage resources. In conventional planning decision making, shorter-term (e.g., hourly) variations are not explicitly accounted for. However, given the deepening penetration of variable resources, it is becoming imperative to consider such shorter-term variation in the longer-term planning exercise. By leveraging the abundant amount of operational observation data, we propose a scenario-based robust planning framework that provides rigorous guarantees on the future operation risk of planning decisions considering a broad range of operational conditions, such as renewable generation fluctuations and load variations. By connecting two-stage robust optimization with the scenario approach theory, we show that with a carefully chosen number of scenarios, the operational risk level of the robust solution can be adaptive to the risk preference set by planners. The theoretical guarantees hold true for any distributions, and the proposed approach is scalable towards real-world power grids. Furthermore, the column-and-constraint generation algorithm is used to solve the two-stage robust planning problem and tighten theoretical guarantees. We substantiate this framework through a planning problem of energy storage in a power grid with deep renewable penetration. Case studies are performed on large-scale test systems (modified IEEE 118-bus system) to illustrate the theoretical bounds as well as the scalability of the proposed algorithm.      
### 8.Oscillations in Mixed-Feedback Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16379.pdf)
>  A new method is presented for the analysis of limit cycle oscillations in mixed-feedback systems. The calculation of the limit cycle is reformulated as the zero finding of a mixedmonotone operator, that is, of an operator that can be expressed as the difference of two maximally monotone operators. The problem can then be solved efficiently by borrowing existing algorithms that minimize the difference of two convex functions. The potential of the method is illustrated on the classical Van der Pol oscillator.      
### 9.Multi-party computation for secure polynomial control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16335.pdf)
>  Encrypted control systems allow to evaluate feedback laws on external servers without revealing private information about state and input data, the control law, or the plant. While there are a number of encrypted control schemes available for linear feedback laws, only few results exist for the evaluation of more general control laws. Recently, an approach to encrypted polynomial control was presented, relying on two-party secret sharing and an inter-server communication protocol using homomorphic encryption. As homomorphic encryptions are much more computationally demanding than secret sharing, they make up for a tremendous amount of the overall computational demand of this scheme. For this reason, in this paper, we investigate schemes for secure polynomial control based solely on secret sharing. We introduce a novel secure three-party control scheme based on three-party computation. Further, we propose a novel $n$-party control scheme to securely evaluate polynomial feedback laws of arbitrary degree without inter-server communication. The latter property makes it easier to realize the necessary requirement regarding non-collusion of the servers, with which perfect security can be guaranteed. Simulations suggest that the presented control schemes are many times less computationally demanding than the two-party scheme mentioned above.      
### 10.Automatic airway segmentation from Computed Tomography using robust and efficient 3-D convolutional neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16328.pdf)
>  This paper presents a fully automatic and end-to-end optimised airway segmentation method for thoracic computed tomography, based on the U-Net architecture. We use a simple and low-memory 3D U-Net as backbone, which allows the method to process large 3D image patches, often comprising full lungs, in a single pass through the network. This makes the method simple, robust and efficient. We validated the proposed method on three datasets with very different characteristics and various airway abnormalities: i) a dataset of pediatric patients including subjects with cystic fibrosis, ii) a subset of the Danish Lung Cancer Screening Trial, including subjects with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and iii) the EXACT'09 public dataset. We compared our method with other state-of-the-art airway segmentation methods, including relevant learning-based methods in the literature evaluated on the EXACT'09 data. We show that our method can extract highly complete airway trees with few false positive errors, on scans from both healthy and diseased subjects, and also that the method generalizes well across different datasets. On the EXACT'09 test set, our method achieved the second highest sensitivity score among all methods that reported good specificity.      
### 11.Techno-economic analysis of PV-battery systems in Switzerland  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16298.pdf)
>  This paper presents a techno-economic optimization model to analyze the economic viability of a PV-battery system for different customer groups in Switzerland clustered based on their annual electricity consumption, rooftop size, annual irradiation and location. The simulations for a static investment model are carried out for years 2020-2050 and a comprehensive sensitivity analysis is conducted to investigate the impacts of individual parameters such as costs, load profiles, electricity prices and tariffs, etc. Results show that while combining PV with batteries already results in better net present values than PV alone for some customer groups today, the payback periods fluctuate between 2020 and 2035 due to the mixed effects of policy changes, costs and electricity price developments. The optimal PV and battery sizes increase over time and in 2050 the PV investment is mostly limited by the rooftop size. The economic viability of PV-battery system investments varies between different customer groups and the most attractive investment (i.e., that has the shortest payback period) is mostly accessible to customer groups with higher annual irradiation and electricity demand. In addition, investment decisions are highly sensitive to payback periods, future costs, electricity prices and tariff developments. Lastly, the grid impact of the PV-battery system deployments are investigated by analyzing the residual Swiss system load profiles. The dynamics of residual load profiles caused by the seasonal, daily and hourly patterns of the solar generation emphasizes the need for flexible resources with fast ramping capabilities.      
### 12.Symbol-Level Precoding Through the Lens of Zero Forcing and Vector Perturbation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16283.pdf)
>  Symbol-level precoding (SLP) has recently emerged as a new paradigm for physical-layer transmit precoding in multiuser multi-input-multi-output (MIMO) channels. It exploits the underlying symbol constellation structure, which the conventional paradigm of linear precoding does not, to enhance symbol-level performance such as symbol error probability (SEP). It allows the precoder to take a more general form than linear precoding. This paper aims to better understand the relationships between SLP and linear precoding, subsequent design implications, and further connections beyond the existing SLP scope. Our study is built on a basic signal observation, namely, that SLP can be equivalently represented by a zero-forcing (ZF) linear precoding scheme augmented with some appropriately chosen symbol-dependent perturbation terms, and that some extended form of SLP is equivalent to a vector perturbation (VP) nonlinear precoding scheme augmented with the above-noted perturbation terms. We examine how insights arising from this perturbed ZF and VP interpretations can be leveraged to i) substantially simplify the optimization of certain SLP design criteria, namely, total or peak power minimization subject to SEP quality guarantees and under quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM) constellations; and ii) derive heuristic but computationally cheaper SLP designs. We also touch on the analysis side by showing that, under the total power minimization criterion, the basic ZF scheme is a near-optimal SLP scheme when the QAM order is very high--which gives a vital implication that SLP is more useful for lower-order QAM cases. Numerical results further indicate the merits and limitations of the different SLP designs derived from the perturbed ZF and VP interpretations.      
### 13.Target Speaker Verification with Selective Auditory Attention for Single and Multi-talker Speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16269.pdf)
>  Speaker verification has been studied mostly under the single-talker condition. It is adversely affected in the presence of interference speakers. Inspired by the study on target speaker extraction, e.g., SpEx, we propose a unified speaker verification framework for both single- and multi-talker speech, that is able to pay selective auditory attention to the target speaker. This target speaker verification (tSV) framework jointly optimizes a speaker attention module and a speaker representation module via multi-task learning. We study four different target speaker embedding schemes under the tSV framework. The experimental results show that all four target speaker embedding schemes significantly outperform other competitive solutions for multi-talker speech. Notably, the best tSV speaker embedding scheme achieves 76.0% and 55.3% relative improvements over the baseline system on the WSJ0-2mix-extr and Libri2Mix corpora in terms of equal-error-rate for 2-talker speech, while the performance of tSV for single-talker speech is on par with that of traditional speaker verification system, that is trained and evaluated under the same single-talker condition.      
### 14.Is Image-to-Image Translation the Panacea for Multimodal Image Registration? A Comparative Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16262.pdf)
>  Despite current advancement in the field of biomedical image processing, propelled by the deep learning revolution, multimodal image registration, due to its several challenges, is still often performed manually by specialists. The recent success of image-to-image (I2I) translation in computer vision applications and its growing use in biomedical areas provide a tempting possibility of transforming the multimodal registration problem into a, potentially easier, monomodal one. We conduct an empirical study of the applicability of modern I2I translation methods for the task of multimodal biomedical image registration. We compare the performance of four Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)-based methods and one contrastive representation learning method, subsequently combined with two representative monomodal registration methods, to judge the effectiveness of modality translation for multimodal image registration. We evaluate these method combinations on three publicly available multimodal datasets of increasing difficulty, and compare with the performance of registration by Mutual Information maximisation and one modern data-specific multimodal registration method. Our results suggest that, although I2I translation may be helpful when the modalities to register are clearly correlated, registration of modalities which express distinctly different properties of the sample are not well handled by the I2I translation approach. When less information is shared between the modalities, the I2I translation methods struggle to provide good predictions, which impairs the registration performance. The evaluated representation learning method, which aims to find an in-between representation, manages better, and so does the Mutual Information maximisation approach. We share our complete experimental setup as open-source (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Noodles-321/Registration" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 15.Floating photovoltaic systems: photovoltaic cable submersion and impacts analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16246.pdf)
>  Floating photovoltaics (FPV) is an emerging technology that is gaining attention worldwide. However, little information is still available on its possible impacts in the aquatic ecosystems, as well as on the durability of its components. Therefore, this work intends to provide a contribution to this field, analysing possible obstacles that can compromise the performance of this technology, adding to an increase of its reliability and assessing possible impacts. The problem under study is related to the potential submersion of photovoltaic cables, that can lead to a degradation of its electrical insulation capabilities and, consequently, higher energy production losses and water contamination. In the present study, the submersion of photovoltaic cables (with two different insulation materials) in freshwater and artificial seawater was tested, in order to replicate real life conditions, when FPV systems are located in reservoirs or in the marine environment. Electrical insulation tests were carried out weekly to assess possible cable degradation, the physical-chemical characteristics of the water were also periodically monitored, complemented by analysis to detect traces of copper and microplastics in the water. The results showed that the submersion of photovoltaic cables with rubber sheath in saltwater can lead to a cable accelerated degradation, with reduction of its electrical insulation and, consequently, copper release into the aquatic environment.      
### 16.Modelling and Control of a Knuckle Boom Crane  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16207.pdf)
>  Cranes come in various sizes and designs to perform different tasks. Depending on their dynamic properties, they can be classified as gantry cranes and rotary cranes. In this paper we will focus on the so called 'knuckle boom' cranes which are among the most common types of rotary cranes. Compared with the other kinds of cranes (e.g. boom cranes, tower cranes, overhead cranes, etc), the study of knuckle cranes is still at an early stage and very few control strategies for this kind of crane have been proposed in the literature. Although fairly simple mechanically, from the control viewpoint the knuckle cranes present several challenges. A first result of this paper is to present for the first time a complete mathematical model for this kind of crane where it is possible to control the three rotations of the crane (known as luff, slew, and jib movement), and the cable length. The only simplifying assumption of the model is that the cable is considered rigid. On the basis of this model, we propose a nonlinear control law based on energy considerations which is able to perform position control of the crane while actively damping the oscillations of the load. The corresponding stability and convergence analysis is carefully proved using the LaSalle's invariance principle. The effectiveness of the proposed control approach has been tested in simulation with realistic physical parameters and in the presence of model mismatch.      
### 17.MediaSpeech: Multilanguage ASR Benchmark and Dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16193.pdf)
>  The performance of automated speech recognition (ASR) systems is well known to differ for varied application domains. At the same time, vendors and research groups typically report ASR quality results either for limited use simplistic domains (audiobooks, TED talks), or proprietary datasets. To fill this gap, we provide an open-source 10-hour ASR system evaluation dataset NTR MediaSpeech for 4 languages: Spanish, French, Turkish and Arabic. The dataset was collected from the official youtube channels of media in the respective languages, and manually transcribed. We estimate that the WER of the dataset is under 5%. We have benchmarked many ASR systems available both commercially and freely, and provide the benchmark results. We also open-source baseline QuartzNet models for each language.      
### 18.Collaborative Cloud and Edge Mobile Computing in C-RAN Systems with Minimal End-to-End Latency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16188.pdf)
>  Mobile cloud and edge computing protocols make it possible to offer computationally heavy applications to mobile devices via computational offloading from devices to nearby edge servers or more powerful, but remote, cloud servers. Previous work assumed that computational tasks can be fractionally offloaded at both cloud processor (CP) and at a local edge node (EN) within a conventional Distributed Radio Access Network (D-RAN) that relies on non-cooperative ENs equipped with one-way uplink fronthaul connection to the cloud. In this paper, we propose to integrate collaborative fractional computing across CP and ENs within a Cloud RAN (C-RAN) architecture with finite-capacity two-way fronthaul links. Accordingly, tasks offloaded by a mobile device can be partially carried out at an EN and the CP, with multiple ENs communicating with a common CP to exchange data and computational outcomes while allowing for centralized precoding and decoding. Unlike prior work, we investigate joint optimization of computing and communication resources, including wireless and fronthaul segments, to minimize the end-to-end latency by accounting for a two-way uplink and downlink transmission. The problem is tackled by using fractional programming (FP) and matrix FP. Extensive numerical results validate the performance gain of the proposed architecture as compared to the previously studied D-RAN solution.      
### 19.Sparse Activity Discovery in Energy Constrained Multi-Cluster IoT Networks Using Group Testing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16174.pdf)
>  Current IoT networks are characterized by an ultra-high density of devices with different energy budget constraints, typically having sparse and sporadic activity patterns. Access points require an efficient strategy to identify the active devices for a timely allocation of resources to enable massive machine-type communication. Recently, group testing based approaches have been studied to handle sparse activity detection in massive random access problems. In this paper, a non-adaptive group testing strategy is proposed which can take into account the energy constraints on different sensor clusters. A theoretical extension of the existing randomized group testing strategies to the case of multiple clusters is presented and the necessary constraints that the optimal sampling parameters should satisfy in order to improve the efficiency of group tests is established. The cases of fixed activity pattern where there is a fixed set of active sensors and random activity pattern where each sensor can be independently active with certain probability are examined. The theoretical results are verified and validated by Monte-Carlo simulations. In massive wireless sensor networks comprising of devices with different energy efficiencies, our proposed low-power-use mode of access can potentially extend the lifetime of battery powered sensors with finite energy budget.      
### 20.Fundamental Lemma for Data-Driven Analysis of Linear Parameter-Varying Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16171.pdf)
>  In data-driven analysis and control, the so-called Fundamental Lemma by Willems et al. has gained a lot of interest in recent years. Using behavioural system theory, the Fundamental Lemma shows that the full system behaviour of a Linear Time-Invariant (LTI) system can be characterised by a single sequence of data of the system, as long as the input is persistently exciting. In this work, we aim to generalize this LTI result to Linear Parameter-Varying (LPV) systems. Based on the behavioural framework for LPV systems, we prove that one can obtain a result similar to Willems'. This implies that the result is also applicable to nonlinear system behaviour that can be captured with an LPV representation. We show the applicability of our result by connecting it to earlier works on data-driven analysis and control for LPV systems.      
### 21.Parametric Tracking of Electrical Currents Using Gradient Descent Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16165.pdf)
>  In the last few years, Motor Current Signature Analysis (MCSA) has proven to be an effective method for electrical machines condition monitoring. Indeed, many mechanical and electrical faults manifest as side-band spectral components generated around the fundamental frequency component of the motor current. These components are called interharmonics and they are a major focus of fault detection using MCSA. However, the main drawback of this approach is that the interference of other more prevalent components can obstruct the effect of interharmonics in the spectrum and may therefore impede fault detection accuracy. Thus, we propose in this paper an alternative approach that decomposes the different current components based on the Vandermonde model and implements the tracking of each distinct component in time and spectral domains. This is achieved by estimating their respective relevant parameters using the Gradient Descent algorithm. The results of this work prove to be promising and establish the parametric tracking of the electrical current components using the Gradient Descent algorithm as a reliable monitoring approach.      
### 22.Radar Sensing with OTFS: Embracing ISI and ICI to Surpass the Ambiguity Barrier  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16162.pdf)
>  Orthogonal time frequency space (OTFS) is a promising alternative to orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) in high-mobility beyond 5G communications. In this paper, we consider the problem of radar sensing with OTFS joint radar-communications waveform and derive a novel OTFS radar signal model by explicitly taking into account the intersymbol interference (ISI) and inter-carrier interference (ICI) effects. On the basis of the new model, we show how ISI and ICI phenomena can be turned into an advantage to surpass the maximum unambiguous detection limits in range and velocity, arising in existing OFDM and OTFS radar systems. Moreover, we design a generalized likelihood ratio test based detector/estimator that can embrace ISI and ICI effects. Simulation results illustrate the potential of embracing ISI/ICI and demonstrate its superior detection and estimation performance over conventional baselines.      
### 23.Data-Driven Predictive Control for Linear Parameter-Varying Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16160.pdf)
>  Based on the extension of the behavioral theory and the Fundamental Lemma for Linear Parameter-Varying (LPV) systems, this paper introduces a Data-driven Predictive Control (DPC) scheme capable to ensure reference tracking and satisfaction of Input-Output (I/O) constraints for an unknown system under the conditions that (i) the system can be represented in an LPV form and (ii) an informative data-set containing measured I/O and scheduling trajectories of the system is available. It is shown that if the data set satisfies a persistence of excitation condition, then a data-driven LPV predictor of future trajectories of the system can be constructed from the I/O data set and online measured data. The approach represents the first step towards a DPC solution for nonlinear and time-varying systems due to the potential of the LPV framework to represent them. Two illustrative examples, including reference tracking control of a nonlinear system, are provided to demonstrate that the LPV-DPC scheme, purely based on data, achieves similar performance as LPV model-based predictive control.      
### 24.Adversarially learned iterative reconstruction for imaging inverse problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16151.pdf)
>  In numerous practical applications, especially in medical image reconstruction, it is often infeasible to obtain a large ensemble of ground-truth/measurement pairs for supervised learning. Therefore, it is imperative to develop unsupervised learning protocols that are competitive with supervised approaches in performance. Motivated by the maximum-likelihood principle, we propose an unsupervised learning framework for solving ill-posed inverse problems. Instead of seeking pixel-wise proximity between the reconstructed and the ground-truth images, the proposed approach learns an iterative reconstruction network whose output matches the ground-truth in distribution. Considering tomographic reconstruction as an application, we demonstrate that the proposed unsupervised approach not only performs on par with its supervised variant in terms of objective quality measures but also successfully circumvents the issue of over-smoothing that supervised approaches tend to suffer from. The improvement in reconstruction quality comes at the expense of higher training complexity, but, once trained, the reconstruction time remains the same as its supervised counterpart.      
### 25.Impact of Local Energy Markets on the Distribution Systems: A Comprehensive Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16137.pdf)
>  In recent years extensive research has been conducted on the development of different models that enable energy trading between prosumers and consumers due to expected high integration of distributed energy resources. Some of the most researched mechanisms include Peer-to-Peer energy trading, Community Self-Consumption and Transactive Energy Models. Here, we present an exhaustive review of existing research around Local Energy Market integration into distribution systems, in particular benefits and challenges that the power grid can expect from integrating these models. We also present a detailed overview of methods that are used to integrate physical network constraints into the market mechanisms, their advantages, drawbacks, and scaling potential. We find that financial energy transactions do not directly reflect the physical energy flows imposed by the constraints of the installed electrical infrastructure. Therefore, ensuring the stable and reliable delivery of electricity is vital to understand the impact of these transactions on the grid infrastructure, e.g., impacts on the control, operation, and planning of electricity distribution systems.      
### 26.Fast Synthesis for Symbolic Self-triggered Control under Right-recursive LTL Specifications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16122.pdf)
>  We extend previous work on symbolic self-triggered control for non-deterministic continuous-time nonlinear systems without stability assumptions to a larger class of specifications. Our goal is to synthesise a controller for two objectives: the first one is modelled as a right-recursive LTL formula, and the second one is to ensure that the communication rate between the controller and the system stays below a given threshold. We translate the control problem to solving a mean-payoff parity game played on a discrete graph. Apart from extending the class of specifications, we propose a heuristic method to shorten the computation time. Finally, we illustrate our results on the example of a navigating nonholonomic robot with several specifications.      
### 27.Reduced Dynamics and Control for an Autonomous Bicycle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16051.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose the reduced model for the full dynamics of a bicycle and analyze its nonlinear behavior under a proportional control law for steering. Based on the Gibbs-Appell equations for the Whipple bicycle, we obtain a second-order nonlinear ordinary differential equation (ODE) that governs the bicycle's controlled motion. Two types of equilibrium points for the governing equation are found, which correspond to the bicycle's uniform straight forward and circular motions, respectively. By applying the Hurwitz criterion to the linearized equation, we find that the steer coefficient must be negative, consistent with the human's intuition of turning toward a fall. Under this condition, a critical angular velocity of the rear wheel exists, above which the uniform straight forward motion is stable, and slightly below which a pair of symmetrical stable uniform circular motions will occur. These theoretical findings are verified by both numerical simulations and experiments performed on a powered autonomous bicycle.      
### 28.Empirical Analysis of Capacity Investment Solution in Distribution Grids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16043.pdf)
>  This paper presents an analysis of the stability and quality of the distributed generation planning problem's investment solution. The entry of distributed generators power based on non-conventional energy sources has been extensively promoted in distribution grids. In this paper, a two-stage stochastic programming model is used to find the optimal distributed generators' installed capacities. We emphasize the design of scenarios to represent the stochasticity of power production on renewable sources. In the scenario generation, a method is proposed based on the clustering of real measurements of meteorological variables. We measure the quality and stability of the investment solution as a function of the number of scenarios. The results show that a reduced selection of scenarios can give an inadequate solution to distributed generators' investment strategy.      
### 29.Machine learning method for light field refocusing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16020.pdf)
>  Light field imaging introduced the capability to refocus an image after capturing. Currently there are two popular methods for refocusing, shift-and-sum and Fourier slice methods. Neither of these two methods can refocus the light field in real-time without any pre-processing. In this paper we introduce a machine learning based refocusing technique that is capable of extracting 16 refocused images with refocusing parameters of \alpha=0.125,0.250,0.375,...,2.0 in real-time. We have trained our network, which is called RefNet, in two experiments. Once using the Fourier slice method as the training -- i.e., "ground truth" -- data and another using the shift-and-sum method as the training data. We showed that in both cases, not only is the RefNet method at least 134x faster than previous approaches, but also the color prediction of RefNet is superior to both Fourier slice and shift-and-sum methods while having similar depth of field and focus distance performance.      
### 30.Feature-Based Compliance Control for Peg-in-Hole Assembly with Clearance or Interference Fit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16003.pdf)
>  This paper aims at solving mass precise peg-in-hole assembly. First, a feature space and a response space are constructed according to the relative pose and equivalent forces and moments. Then the contact states are segmented in the feature space and the segmentation boundaries are mapped into the response space. Further, a feature-based compliance control (FBCC) algorithm is proposed based on boundary mapping. In the FBCC algorithm, a direction matrix is designed to execute accurate adjustment and an integrator is applied to eliminate the residual responses. Finally, the simulations and experiments demonstrate the superiority, robustness, and generalization ability of the FBCC.      
### 31.Ultra-Sparse View Reconstruction for Flash X-Ray Imaging using Consensus Equilibrium  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15979.pdf)
>  A growing number of applications require the reconstructionof 3D objects from a very small number of views. In this research, we consider the problem of reconstructing a 3D object from only 4 Flash X-ray CT views taken during the impact of a Kolsky bar. For such ultra-sparse view datasets, even model-based iterative reconstruction (MBIR) methods produce poor quality results. <br>In this paper, we present a framework based on a generalization of Plug-and-Play, known as Multi-Agent Consensus Equilibrium (MACE), for incorporating complex and nonlinear prior information into ultra-sparse CT reconstruction. The MACE method allows any number of agents to simultaneously enforce their own prior constraints on the solution. We apply our method on simulated and real data and demonstrate that MACE reduces artifacts, improves reconstructed image quality, and uncovers image features which were otherwise indiscernible.      
### 32.Joint Resource Allocation and Transceiver Design for Sum-Rate Maximization under Latency Constraints in Multicell MU-MIMO Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15968.pdf)
>  Due to the continuous advancements of orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) and multiple antenna techniques, multiuser multiple input multiple output (MU-MIMO) OFDM is a key enabler of both fourth and fifth generation networks. In this paper, we consider the problem of weighted sum-rate maximization under latency constraints in finite buffer multicell MU-MIMO OFDM systems. Unlike previous works, the optimization variables include the transceiver beamforming vectors, the scheduled packet size and the resources in the frequency and power domains. This problem is motivated by the observation that multicell MU-MIMO OFDM systems serve multiple quality of service classes and the system performance depends critically on both the transceiver design and the scheduling algorithm. Since this problem is non-convex, we resort to the max-plus queuing method and successive convex approximation. We propose both centralized and decentralized solutions, in which practical design aspects, such as signaling overhead, are considered. Finally, we compare the proposed framework with state-of-the-art algorithms in relevant scenarios, assuming a realistic channel model with space, frequency and time correlations. Numerical results indicate that our design provides significant gains over designs based on the wide-spread saturated buffers assumption, while also outperforming algorithms that consider a finite-buffer model.      
### 33.Guidance Mechanism for Flexible Wing Aircraft Using Measurement-Interfaced Machine Learning Platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15945.pdf)
>  The autonomous operation of flexible-wing aircraft is technically challenging and has never been presented within literature. The lack of an exact modeling framework is due to the complex nonlinear aerodynamic relationships governed by the deformations in the flexible-wing shape, which in turn complicates the controls and instrumentation setup of the navigation system. This urged for innovative approaches to interface affordable instrumentation platforms to autonomously control this type of aircraft. This work leverages ideas from instrumentation and measurements, machine learning, and optimization fields in order to develop an autonomous navigation system for a flexible-wing aircraft. A novel machine learning process based on a guiding search mechanism is developed to interface real-time measurements of wing-orientation dynamics into control decisions. This process is realized using an online value iteration algorithm that decides on two improved and interacting model-free control strategies in real-time. The first strategy is concerned with achieving the tracking objectives while the second supports the stability of the system. A neural network platform that employs adaptive critics is utilized to approximate the control strategies while approximating the assessments of their values. An experimental actuation system is utilized to test the validity of the proposed platform. The experimental results are shown to be aligned with the stability features of the proposed model-free adaptive learning approach.      
### 34.Model-Based Safe Policy Search from Signal Temporal Logic Specifications Using Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15938.pdf)
>  We propose a policy search approach to learn controllers from specifications given as Signal Temporal Logic (STL) formulae. The system model is unknown, and it is learned together with the control policy. The model is implemented as a feedforward neural network (FNN). To capture the history dependency of the STL specification, we use a recurrent neural network (RNN) to implement the control policy. In contrast to prevalent model-free methods, the learning approach proposed here takes advantage of the learned model and is more efficient. We use control barrier functions (CBFs) with the learned model to improve the safety of the system. We validate our algorithm via simulations. The results show that our approach can satisfy the given specification within very few system runs, and therefore it has the potential to be used for on-line control.      
### 35.Distributed Learning Consensus Control for Unknown Nonlinear Multi-Agent Systems based on Gaussian Processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15929.pdf)
>  In this paper, a distributed learning leader-follower consensus protocol based on Gaussian process regression for a class of nonlinear multi-agent systems with unknown dynamics is designed. We propose a distributed learning approach to predict the residual dynamics for each agent. The stability of the consensus protocol using the data-driven model of the dynamics is shown via Lyapunov analysis. The followers ultimately synchronize to the leader with guaranteed error bounds by applying the proposed control law with a high probability. The effectiveness and the applicability of the developed protocol are demonstrated by simulation examples.      
### 36.Iterative Gradient Encoding Network with Feature Co-Occurrence Loss for Single Image Reflection Removal  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15903.pdf)
>  Removing undesired reflections from a photo taken in front of glass is of great importance for enhancing visual computing systems' efficiency. Previous learning-based approaches have produced visually plausible results for some reflections type, however, failed to generalize against other reflection types. There is a dearth of literature for efficient methods concerning single image reflection removal, which can generalize well in large-scale reflection types. In this study, we proposed an iterative gradient encoding network for single image reflection removal. Next, to further supervise the network in learning the correlation between the transmission layer features, we proposed a feature co-occurrence loss. Extensive experiments on the public benchmark dataset of SIR$^2$ demonstrated that our method can remove reflection favorably against the existing state-of-the-art method on all imaging settings, including diverse backgrounds. Moreover, as the reflection strength increases, our method can still remove reflection even where other state of the art methods failed.      
### 37.Event-Triggered Safety-Critical Control for Systems with Unknown Dynamics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15874.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of safety-critical control for systems with unknown dynamics. It has been shown that stabilizing affine control systems to desired (sets of) states while optimizing quadratic costs subject to state and control constraints can be reduced to a sequence of quadratic programs (QPs) by using Control Barrier Functions (CBFs) and Control Lyapunov Functions (CLFs). Our recently proposed High Order CBFs (HOCBFs) can accommodate constraints of arbitrary relative degree. One of the main challenges in this approach is obtaining accurate system dynamics, which is especially difficult for systems that require online model identification given limited computational resources and system data. In order to approximate the real unmodelled system dynamics, we define adaptive affine control dynamics which are updated based on the error states obtained by real-time sensor measurements. We define a HOCBF for a safety requirement on the unmodelled system based on the adaptive dynamics and error states, and reformulate the safety-critical control problem as the above mentioned QP. Then, we determine the events required to solve the QP in order to guarantee safety. We also derive a condition that guarantees the satisfaction of the HOCBF constraint between events. We illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework on an adaptive cruise control problem and compare it with the classical time-driven approach.      
### 38.DualNorm-UNet: Incorporating Global and Local Statistics for Robust Medical Image Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15858.pdf)
>  Batch Normalization (BN) is one of the key components for accelerating network training, and has been widely adopted in the medical image analysis field. However, BN only calculates the global statistics at the batch level, and applies the same affine transformation uniformly across all spatial coordinates, which would suppress the image contrast of different semantic structures. In this paper, we propose to incorporate the semantic class information into normalization layers, so that the activations corresponding to different regions (i.e., classes) can be modulated differently. We thus develop a novel DualNorm-UNet, to concurrently incorporate both global image-level statistics and local region-wise statistics for network normalization. Specifically, the local statistics are integrated by adaptively modulating the activations along different class regions via the learned semantic masks in the normalization layer. Compared with existing methods, our approach exploits semantic knowledge at normalization and yields more discriminative features for robust segmentation results. More importantly, our network demonstrates superior abilities in capturing domain-invariant information from multiple domains (institutions) of medical data. Extensive experiments show that our proposed DualNorm-UNet consistently improves the performance on various segmentation tasks, even in the face of more complex and variable data distributions. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lambert-x/DualNorm-Unet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 39.End-to-end Autoencoder for Superchannel Transceivers with Hardware Impairment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15856.pdf)
>  We propose an end-to-end learning-based approach for superchannel systems impaired by non-ideal hardware component. Our system achieves up to 60% SER reduction and up to 50% guard band reduction compared with the considered baseline scheme.      
### 40.Local output feedback stabilization of a Reaction-Diffusion equation with saturated actuation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16523.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with the output feedback stabilization of a reaction-diffusion equation by means of bounded control inputs in the presence of saturations. Using a finite-dimensional controller composed of an observer coupled with a finite-dimensional state-feedback, we derive a set of conditions ensuring the stability of the closed-loop plant while estimating the associated domain of attraction in the presence of saturations. This set of conditions is shown to be always feasible for an order of the observer selected large enough. The stability analysis relies on Lyapunov functionals along with a generalized sector condition classically used to study the stability of linear finite-dimensional plants in the presence of saturations.      
### 41.Decoding Orders and Power Allocation for Untrusted NOMA: A Secrecy Perspective  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16503.pdf)
>  The amalgamation of non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) and physical layer security is a significant research interest for providing spectrally-efficient secure fifth-generation networks. Observing the secrecy issue among multiplexed NOMA users, which is stemmed from successive interference cancellation based decoding at receivers, we focus on safeguarding untrusted NOMA. Considering the problem of each user's privacy from each other, the appropriate secure decoding order and power allocation (PA) for users are investigated. Specifically, a decoding order strategy is proposed which is efficient in providing positive secrecy at all NOMA users. An algorithm is also provided through which all the feasible secure decoding orders in accordance with the proposed decoding order strategy can be obtained. Further, in order to maximize the sum secrecy rate of the system, the joint solution of decoding order and PA is obtained numerically. Also, a sub-optimal decoding order solution is proposed. Lastly, numerical results present useful insights on the impact of key system parameters and demonstrate that average secrecy rate performance gain of about 27 dB is obtained by the jointly optimized solution over different relevant schemes.      
### 42.Intermittent non-pharmaceutical strategies to mitigate the COVID-19 epidemic in a network model of Italy via constrained optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16502.pdf)
>  This paper is concerned with the design of intermittent non-pharmaceutical strategies to mitigate the spread of the COVID-19 epidemic exploiting network epidemiological models. Specifically, by studying a variational equation for the dynamics of the infected in a network model of the epidemic spread, we derive, using contractivity arguments, a condition that can be used to guarantee that, in epidemiological terms, the effective reproduction number is less than unity. This condition has three advantages: (i) it is easily computable; (ii) it is directly related to the model parameters; (iii) it can be used to enforce a scalability condition that prohibits the amplification of disturbances within the network system. We then include satisfaction of such a condition as a constraint in a Model Predictive Control problem so as to mitigate (or suppress) the spread of the epidemic while minimizing the economic impact of the interventions. A data-driven model of Italy as a network of three macro-regions (North, Center, and South), whose parameters are identified from real data, is used to illustrate and evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed control strategy.      
### 43.Enabling Data Diversity: Efficient Automatic Augmentation via Regularized Adversarial Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16493.pdf)
>  Data augmentation has proved extremely useful by increasing training data variance to alleviate overfitting and improve deep neural networks' generalization performance. In medical image analysis, a well-designed augmentation policy usually requires much expert knowledge and is difficult to generalize to multiple tasks due to the vast discrepancies among pixel intensities, image appearances, and object shapes in different medical tasks. To automate medical data augmentation, we propose a regularized adversarial training framework via two min-max objectives and three differentiable augmentation models covering affine transformation, deformation, and appearance changes. Our method is more automatic and efficient than previous automatic augmentation methods, which still rely on pre-defined operations with human-specified ranges and costly bi-level optimization. Extensive experiments demonstrated that our approach, with less training overhead, achieves superior performance over state-of-the-art auto-augmentation methods on both tasks of 2D skin cancer classification and 3D organs-at-risk segmentation.      
### 44.Decoding Orders for Securing Untrusted NOMA  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16478.pdf)
>  This letter focuses on exploring a new decoding order to resolve the secrecy issue among untrusted nonorthogonal multiple access users. In this context, firstly, we identify the total number of possible decoding orders analytically. Then, we propose a decoding order strategy ensuring positive secrecy rate for all users, and obtain the number of feasible secure decoding orders based on this proposed strategy numerically. Thereafter, we present a suboptimal policy to avoid the computational complexity involved in finding the best secure decoding order. Numerical results illustrate that the suboptimal solution provides a performance gain of about 137% over therelevant benchmark.      
### 45.Secrecy Fairness Aware NOMA for Untrusted Users  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16463.pdf)
>  Spectrally-efficient secure non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) has recently attained a substantial research interest for fifth generation development. This work explores crucial security issue in NOMA which is stemmed from utilizing the decoding concept of successive interference cancellation. Considering untrusted users, we design a novel secure NOMA transmission protocol to maximize secrecy fairness among users. A new decoding order for two users' NOMA is proposed that provides positive secrecy rate to both users. Observing the objective of maximizing secrecy fairness between users under given power budget constraint, the problem is formulated as minimizing the maximum secrecy outage probability (SOP) between users. In particular, closed-form expressions of SOP for both users are derived to analyze secrecy performance. SOP minimization problems are solved using pseudoconvexity concept, and optimized power allocation (PA) for each user is obtained. Asymptotic expressions of SOPs, and optimal PAs minimizing these approximations are obtained to get deeper insights. Further, globally-optimized power control solution from secrecy fairness perspective is obtained at a low computational complexity and, asymptotic approximation is obtained to gain analytical insights. Numerical results validate the correctness of analysis, and present insights on optimal solutions. Finally, we present insights on global-optimal PA by which fairness is ensured and gains of about 55.12%, 69.30%, and 19.11%, respectively are achieved, compared to fixed PA and individual users' optimal PAs.      
### 46.Multi-planner intervention in network games with community structures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16351.pdf)
>  Network games study the strategic interaction of agents connected through a network. Interventions in such a game -- actions a coordinator or planner may take that change the utility of the agents and thus shift the equilibrium action profile -- are introduced to improve the planner's objective. We study the problem of intervention in network games where the network has a group structure with local planners, each associated with a group. The agents play a non-cooperative game while the planners may or may not have the same optimization objective. We model this problem using a sequential move game where planners make interventions followed by agents playing the intervened game. We provide equilibrium analysis and algorithms that find the subgame perfect equilibrium. We also propose a two-level efficiency definition to study the efficiency loss of equilibrium actions in this type of game.      
### 47.Thermal Neural Networks: Lumped-Parameter Thermal Modeling With State-Space Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16323.pdf)
>  With electric power systems becoming more compact and increasingly powerful, the relevance of thermal stress especially during overload operation is expected to increase ceaselessly. Whenever critical temperatures cannot be measured economically on a sensor base, a thermal model lends itself to estimate those unknown quantities. Thermal models for electric power systems are usually required to be both, real-time capable and of high estimation accuracy. Moreover, ease of implementation and time to production play an increasingly important role. In this work, the thermal neural network (TNN) is introduced, which unifies both, consolidated knowledge in the form of heat-transfer-based lumped-parameter models, and data-driven nonlinear function approximation with supervised machine learning. A quasi-linear parameter-varying system is identified solely from empirical data, where relationships between scheduling variables and system matrices are inferred statistically and automatically. At the same time, a TNN has physically interpretable states through its state-space representation, is end-to-end trainable -- similar to deep learning models -- with automatic differentiation, and requires no material, geometry, nor expert knowledge for its design. Experiments on an electric motor data set show that a TNN achieves higher temperature estimation accuracies than previous white-/grey- or black-box models with a mean squared error of $3.18~\text{K}^2$ and a worst-case error of $5.84~\text{K}$ at 64 model parameters.      
### 48.Linear time DBSCAN for sorted 1D data and laser range scan segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16245.pdf)
>  This paper introduces new algorithm for line extraction from laser range data including methodology for efficient computation. The task is cast to series of one dimensional problems in various spaces. A fast and simple specialization of DBSCAN algorithm is proposed to solve one dimensional subproblems. Experiments suggest that the method is suitable for real-time applications, handles noise well and may be useful in practice.      
### 49.An Efficient Dual Active-Set Solver for Embedded Model Predictive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16236.pdf)
>  In this paper we present a refined dual active-set solver for quadratic programming which has properties suitable for use in embedded model predictive control applications. In particular, the solver is efficient, can easily be warm-started, and is simple to code. Moreover, the solver is reliable since its exact worst-case computational complexity can be determined offline and, by using outer proximal-point iterations, ill-conditioned problems can be handled in a robust manner.      
### 50.LemgoRL: An open-source Benchmark Tool to Train Reinforcement Learning Agents for Traffic Signal Control in a real-world simulation scenario  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16223.pdf)
>  Sub-optimal control policies in intersection traffic signal controllers (TSC) contribute to congestion and lead to negative effects on human health and the environment. Reinforcement learning (RL) for traffic signal control is a promising approach to design better control policies and has attracted considerable research interest in recent years. However, most work done in this area used simplified simulation environments of traffic scenarios to train RL-based TSC. To deploy RL in real-world traffic systems, the gap between simplified simulation environments and real-world applications has to be closed. Therefore, we propose LemgoRL, a benchmark tool to train RL agents as TSC in a realistic simulation environment of Lemgo, a medium-sized town in Germany. In addition to the realistic simulation model, LemgoRL encompasses a traffic signal logic unit that ensures compliance with all regulatory and safety requirements. LemgoRL offers the same interface as the well-known OpenAI gym toolkit to enable easy deployment in existing research work. Our benchmark tool drives the development of RL algorithms towards real-world applications. We provide LemgoRL as an open-source tool at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/rl-ina/lemgorl" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 51.SPatchGAN: A Statistical Feature Based Discriminator for Unsupervised Image-to-Image Translation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16219.pdf)
>  For unsupervised image-to-image translation, we propose a discriminator architecture which focuses on the statistical features instead of individual patches. The network is stabilized by distribution matching of key statistical features at multiple scales. Unlike the existing methods which impose more and more constraints on the generator, our method facilitates the shape deformation and enhances the fine details with a greatly simplified framework. We show that the proposed method outperforms the existing state-of-the-art models in various challenging applications including selfie-to-anime, male-to-female and glasses removal. The code will be made publicly available.      
### 52.Using Low-rank Representation of Abundance Maps and Nonnegative Tensor Factorization for Hyperspectral Nonlinear Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16204.pdf)
>  Tensor-based methods have been widely studied to attack inverse problems in hyperspectral imaging since a hyperspectral image (HSI) cube can be naturally represented as a third-order tensor, which can perfectly retain the spatial information in the image. In this article, we extend the linear tensor method to the nonlinear tensor method and propose a nonlinear low-rank tensor unmixing algorithm to solve the generalized bilinear model (GBM). Specifically, the linear and nonlinear parts of the GBM can both be expressed as tensors. Furthermore, the low-rank structures of abundance maps and nonlinear interaction abundance maps are exploited by minimizing their nuclear norm, thus taking full advantage of the high spatial correlation in HSIs. Synthetic and real-data experiments show that the low rank of abundance maps and nonlinear interaction abundance maps exploited in our method can improve the performance of the nonlinear unmixing. A MATLAB demo of this work will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/LinaZhuang" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for the sake of reproducibility.      
### 53.Product Inspection Methodology via Deep Learning: An Overview  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16198.pdf)
>  In this work, we present a framework for product quality inspection based on deep learning techniques. First, we categorize several deep learning models that can be applied to product inspection systems. Also we explain entire steps for building a deep learning-based inspection system in great detail. Second, we address connection schemes that efficiently link the deep learning models to the product inspection systems. Finally, we propose an effective method that can maintain and enhance the deep learning models of the product inspection system. It has good system maintenance and stability due to the proposed methods. All the proposed methods are integrated in a unified framework and we provide detailed explanations of each proposed method. In order to verify the effectiveness of the proposed system, we compared and analyzed the performance of methods in various test scenarios.      
### 54.Time-domain Speech Enhancement with Generative Adversarial Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16149.pdf)
>  Speech enhancement aims to obtain speech signals with high intelligibility and quality from noisy speech. Recent work has demonstrated the excellent performance of time-domain deep learning methods, such as Conv-TasNet. However, these methods can be degraded by the arbitrary scales of the waveform induced by the scale-invariant signal-to-noise ratio (SI-SNR) loss. This paper proposes a new framework called Time-domain Speech Enhancement Generative Adversarial Network (TSEGAN), which is an extension of the generative adversarial network (GAN) in time-domain with metric evaluation to mitigate the scaling problem, and provide model training stability, thus achieving performance improvement. In addition, we provide a new method based on objective function mapping for the theoretical analysis of the performance of Metric GAN, and explain why it is better than the Wasserstein GAN. Experiments conducted demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method, and illustrate the advantage of Metric GAN.      
### 55.Symbolic Music Generation with Diffusion Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16091.pdf)
>  Score-based generative models and diffusion probabilistic models have been successful at generating high-quality samples in continuous domains such as images and audio. However, due to their Langevin-inspired sampling mechanisms, their application to discrete and sequential data has been limited. In this work, we present a technique for training diffusion models on sequential data by parameterizing the discrete domain in the continuous latent space of a pre-trained variational autoencoder. Our method is non-autoregressive and learns to generate sequences of latent embeddings through the reverse process and offers parallel generation with a constant number of iterative refinement steps. We apply this technique to modeling symbolic music and show strong unconditional generation and post-hoc conditional infilling results compared to autoregressive language models operating over the same continuous embeddings.      
### 56.A Taxonomy of Cyber Defence Strategies Against False Data Attacks in Smart Grid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16085.pdf)
>  Modern electric power grid, known as the Smart Grid, has fast transformed the isolated and centrally controlled power system to a fast and massively connected cyber-physical system that benefits from the revolutions happening in the communications and the fast adoption of Internet of Things devices. While the synergy of a vast number of cyber-physical entities has allowed the Smart Grid to be much more effective and sustainable in meeting the growing global energy challenges, it has also brought with it a large number of vulnerabilities resulting in breaches of data integrity, confidentiality and availability. False data injection (FDI) appears to be among the most critical cyberattacks and has been a focal point interest for both research and industry. To this end, this paper presents a comprehensive review in the recent advances of the defence countermeasures of the FDI attacks in the Smart Grid infrastructure. Relevant existing literature are evaluated and compared in terms of their theoretical and practical significance to the Smart Grid cybersecurity. In conclusion, a range of technical limitations of existing false data attack detection researches are identified, and a number of future research directions are recommended.      
### 57.Environmental sound analysis with mixup based multitask learning and cross-task fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16079.pdf)
>  Environmental sound analysis is currently getting more and more attentions. In the domain, acoustic scene classification and acoustic event classification are two closely related tasks. In this letter, a two-stage method is proposed for the above tasks. In the first stage, a mixup based MTL solution is proposed to classify both tasks in one single convolutional neural network. Artificial multi-label samples are used in the training of the MTL model, which are mixed up using existing single-task datasets. The multi-task model obtained can effectively recognize both the acoustic scenes and events. Compared with other methods such as re-annotation or synthesis, the mixup based MTL is low-cost, flexible and effective. In the second stage, the MTL model is modified into a single-task model which is fine-tuned using the original dataset corresponding to the specific task. By controlling the frozen layers carefully, the task-specific high level features are fused and the performance of the single classification task is further improved. The proposed method has confirmed the complementary characteristics of acoustic scene and acoustic event classifications. Finally, enhanced by ensemble learning, a satisfactory accuracy of 84.5 percent on TUT acoustic scene 2017 dataset and an accuracy of 77.5 percent on ESC-50 dataset are achieved respectively.      
### 58.Fast and Feature-Complete Differentiable Physics for Articulated Rigid Bodies with Contact  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.16021.pdf)
>  We present a fast and feature-complete differentiable physics engine that supports Lagrangian dynamics and hard contact constraints for articulated rigid body simulation. Our differentiable physics engine offers a complete set of features that are typically only available in non-differentiable physics simulators commonly used by robotics applications. We solve contact constraints precisely using linear complementarity problems (LCPs). We present efficient and novel analytical gradients through the LCP formulation of inelastic contact that exploit the sparsity of the LCP solution. We support complex contact geometry, and gradients approximating continuous-time elastic collision. We also introduce a novel method to compute complementarity-aware gradients that help downstream optimization tasks avoid stalling in saddle points. We show that an implementation of this combination in an existing physics engine (DART) is capable of a 45x single-core speedup over finite-differencing in computing analytical Jacobians for a single timestep, while preserving all the expressiveness of original DART.      
### 59.Audio classification of the content of food containers and drinking glasses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15999.pdf)
>  Food containers, drinking glasses and cups handled by a person generate sounds that vary with the type and amount of their content. In this paper, we propose a new model for sound-based classification of the type and amount of content in a container. The proposed model is based on the decomposition of the problem into two steps, namely action recognition and content classification. We consider the scenario of the recent CORSMAL Containers Manipulation dataset and consider two actions (shaking and pouring), and seven material and filling level combinations. The first step identifies the action a person performs while manipulating a container. The second step is an appropriate classifier trained for the specific interaction identified by the first step to classify the amount and type of content. Experiments show that the proposed model achieves 76.02, 78.24, and 41.89 weighted average F1 score on the three test sets, respectively, and outperforms baselines and existing approaches that classify either independently content level and content type or directly the combination of content type and level together.      
### 60.Flow-based Kernel Prior with Application to Blind Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15977.pdf)
>  Kernel estimation is generally one of the key problems for blind image super-resolution (SR). Recently, Double-DIP proposes to model the kernel via a network architecture prior, while KernelGAN employs the deep linear network and several regularization losses to constrain the kernel space. However, they fail to fully exploit the general SR kernel assumption that anisotropic Gaussian kernels are sufficient for image SR. To address this issue, this paper proposes a normalizing flow-based kernel prior (FKP) for kernel modeling. By learning an invertible mapping between the anisotropic Gaussian kernel distribution and a tractable latent distribution, FKP can be easily used to replace the kernel modeling modules of Double-DIP and KernelGAN. Specifically, FKP optimizes the kernel in the latent space rather than the network parameter space, which allows it to generate reasonable kernel initialization, traverse the learned kernel manifold and improve the optimization stability. Extensive experiments on synthetic and real-world images demonstrate that the proposed FKP can significantly improve the kernel estimation accuracy with less parameters, runtime and memory usage, leading to state-of-the-art blind SR results.      
### 61.eWake: A Novel Architecture for Semi-Active Wake-Up Radios Attaining Ultra-High Sensitivity at Extremely-Low Consumption  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15969.pdf)
>  In this work we propose a new scheme for semi-passive Wake-Up Receiver circuits that exhibits remarkable sensitivity beyond -70 dBm, while state-of-the-art receivers illustrate sensitivity of up to -55 dBm. The receiver employs the typical principle of an envelope detector that harvests RF energy from its antenna, while it employs a nano-power operation amplifier to intensify the obtained signal prior to the final decoding that is realized with the aid of a comparator circuit. It operates at the 868 MHz ISM band using OOK signals propagated through LoRa transceivers, while also supporting addressing capabilities in order to awake only the specified network's nodes. The power expenditure of the developed receiver is as low as 580 nA, remaining at the same power consumption levels as the state-of-the-art implementations.      
### 62.Detecting and Mapping Trees in Unstructured Environments with a Stereo Camera and Pseudo-Lidar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15967.pdf)
>  We present a method for detecting and mapping trees in noisy stereo camera point clouds, using a learned 3-D object detector. Inspired by recent advancements in 3-D object detection using a pseudo-lidar representation for stereo data, we train a PointRCNN detector to recognize trees in forest-like environments. We generate detector training data with a novel automatic labeling process that clusters a fused global point cloud. This process annotates large stereo point cloud training data sets with minimal user supervision, and unlike previous pseudo-lidar detection pipelines, requires no 3-D ground truth from other sensors such as lidar. Our mapping system additionally uses a Kalman filter to associate detections and consistently estimate the positions and sizes of trees. We collect a data set for tree detection consisting of 8680 stereo point clouds, and validate our method on an outdoors test sequence. Our results demonstrate robust tree recognition in noisy stereo data at ranges of up to 7 meters, on 720p resolution images from a Stereolabs ZED 2 camera. Code and data are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/brian-h-wang/pseudolidar-tree-detection" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Rough-Terrain Locomotion and Unilateral Contact Force Regulations With a Multi-Modal Legged Robot  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15952.pdf)
>  Despite many accomplishments by legged robot designers, state-of-the-art bipedal robots are prone to falling over, cannot negotiate extremely rough terrains and cannot directly regulate unilateral contact forces. Our objective is to integrate merits of legged and aerial robots in a single platform. We will show that the thrusters in a bipedal legged robot called Harpy can be leveraged to stabilize the robot's frontal dynamics and permit jumping over large obstacles which is an unusual capability not reported before. In addition, we will capitalize on the thrusters action in Harpy and will show that one can avoid using costly optimization-based schemes by directly regulating contact forces using an Reference Governor (RGs). We will resolve gait parameters and re-plan them during gait cycles by only assuming well-tuned supervisory controllers. Then, we will focus on RG-based fine-tuning of the joints desired trajectories to satisfy unilateral contact force constraints.      
### 64.Mechanical design and fabrication of a kinetic sculpture with application to bioinspired drone design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15948.pdf)
>  Biologically-inspired robots are a very interesting and difficult branch of robotics dues to its very rich dynamical and morphological complexities. Among them, flying animals, such as bats, have been among the most difficult to take inspiration from as they exhibit complex wing articulation. We attempt to capture several of the key degrees-of-freedom that are present in the natural flapping gait of a bat. In this work, we present the mechanical design and analysis of our flapping wing robot, the Aerobat, where we capture the plunging and flexion-extension in the bat's flapping modes. This robot utilizes gears, cranks, and four-bar linkage mechanisms to actuate the arm-wing structure composed of rigid and flexible components monolithically fabricated using PolyJet 3D printing. The resulting robot exhibits wing expansion and retraction during the downstroke and upstroke respectively which minimizes the negative lift and results in a more efficient flapping gait.      
### 65.Orientation stabilization in a bioinspired bat-robot using integrated mechanical intelligence and control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15943.pdf)
>  Our goal in this work is to expand the theory and practice of robot locomotion by addressing critical challenges associated with the robotic biomimicry of bat aerial locomotion. Bats wings exhibit fast wing articulation and can mobilize as many as 40 joints within a single wingbeat. Mimicking bat flight can be a significant ordeal and the current design paradigms have failed as they assume only closed-loop feedback roles through sensors and conventional actuators while ignoring the computational role carried by morphology. In this paper, we propose a design framework called Morphing via Integrated Mechanical Intelligence and Control (MIMIC) which integrates small and low energy actuators to control the robot through a change in morphology. In this paper, using the dynamic model of Northeastern University's Aerobat, which is designed to test the effectiveness of the MIMIC framework, it will be shown that computational structures and closed-loop feedback can be successfully used to mimic bats stable flight apparatus.      
### 66.Shaping Advice in Deep Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15941.pdf)
>  Multi-agent reinforcement learning involves multiple agents interacting with each other and a shared environment to complete tasks. When rewards provided by the environment are sparse, agents may not receive immediate feedback on the quality of actions that they take, thereby affecting learning of policies. In this paper, we propose a method called Shaping Advice in deep Multi-agent reinforcement learning (SAM) to augment the reward signal from the environment with an additional reward termed shaping advice. The shaping advice is given by a difference of potential functions at consecutive time-steps. Each potential function is a function of observations and actions of the agents. The shaping advice needs to be specified only once at the start of training, and can be easily provided by non-experts. We show through theoretical analyses and experimental validation that shaping advice provided by SAM does not distract agents from completing tasks specified by the environment reward. Theoretically, we prove that convergence of policy gradients and value functions when using SAM implies convergence of these quantities in the absence of SAM. Experimentally, we evaluate SAM on three tasks in the multi-agent Particle World environment that have sparse rewards. We observe that using SAM results in agents learning policies to complete tasks faster, and obtain higher rewards than: i) using sparse rewards alone; ii) a state-of-the-art reward redistribution method.      
### 67.Joint Nonanticipative Rate Distortion Function for a Tuple of Random Processes with Individual Fidelity Criteria  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15925.pdf)
>  The joint nonanticipative rate distortion function (NRDF) for a tuple of random processes with individual fidelity criteria is considered. Structural properties of optimal test channel distributions are derived. Further, for the application example of the joint NRDF of a tuple of jointly multivariate Gaussian Markov processes with individual square-error fidelity criteria, a realization of the reproduction processes which induces the optimal test channel distribution is derived, and the corresponding joint NRDF is characterized. The analysis of the simplest example, of a tuple of scalar correlated Markov processes, illustrates many of the challenging aspects of such problems.      
### 68.High-fidelity Face Tracking for AR/VR via Deep Lighting Adaptation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2103.15876.pdf)
>  3D video avatars can empower virtual communications by providing compression, privacy, entertainment, and a sense of presence in AR/VR. Best 3D photo-realistic AR/VR avatars driven by video, that can minimize uncanny effects, rely on person-specific models. However, existing person-specific photo-realistic 3D models are not robust to lighting, hence their results typically miss subtle facial behaviors and cause artifacts in the avatar. This is a major drawback for the scalability of these models in communication systems (e.g., Messenger, Skype, FaceTime) and AR/VR. This paper addresses previous limitations by learning a deep learning lighting model, that in combination with a high-quality 3D face tracking algorithm, provides a method for subtle and robust facial motion transfer from a regular video to a 3D photo-realistic avatar. Extensive experimental validation and comparisons to other state-of-the-art methods demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed framework in real-world scenarios with variability in pose, expression, and illumination. Please visit <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtz1LgZR8cc" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for more results. Our project page can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.cs.rochester.edu/u/lchen63" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
