# ArXiv eess --Thu, 19 Nov 2020
### 1.Distributed Scheduling using Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09430.pdf)
>  A fundamental problem in the design of wireless networks is to efficiently schedule transmission in a distributed manner. The main challenge stems from the fact that optimal link scheduling involves solving a maximum weighted independent set (MWIS) problem, which is NP-hard. For practical link scheduling schemes, distributed greedy approaches are commonly used to approximate the solution of the MWIS problem. However, these greedy schemes mostly ignore important topological information of the wireless networks. To overcome this limitation, we propose a distributed MWIS solver based on graph convolutional networks (GCNs). In a nutshell, a trainable GCN module learns topology-aware node embeddings that are combined with the network weights before calling a greedy solver. In small- to middle-sized wireless networks with tens of links, even a shallow GCN-based MWIS scheduler can leverage the topological information of the graph to reduce in half the suboptimality gap of the distributed greedy solver with good generalizability across graphs and minimal increase in complexity.      
### 2.Adaptive Contention Window Design using Deep Q-learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09418.pdf)
>  We study the problem of adaptive contention window (CW) design for random-access wireless networks. More precisely, our goal is to design an intelligent node that can dynamically adapt its minimum CW (MCW) parameter to maximize a network-level utility knowing neither the MCWs of other nodes nor how these change over time. To achieve this goal, we adopt a reinforcement learning (RL) framework where we circumvent the lack of system knowledge with local channel observations and we reward actions that lead to high utilities. To efficiently learn these preferred actions, we follow a deep Q-learning approach, where the Q-value function is parametrized using a multi-layer perception. In particular, we implement a rainbow agent, which incorporates several empirical improvements over the basic deep Q-network. Numerical experiments based on the NS3 simulator reveal that the proposed RL agent performs close to optimal and markedly improves upon existing learning and non-learning based alternatives.      
### 3.Self-Supervised Physics-Guided Deep Learning Reconstruction For High-Resolution 3D LGE CMR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09414.pdf)
>  Late gadolinium enhancement (LGE) cardiac MRI (CMR) is the clinical standard for diagnosis of myocardial scar. 3D isotropic LGE CMR provides improved coverage and resolution compared to 2D imaging. However, image acceleration is required due to long scan times and contrast washout. Physics-guided deep learning (PG-DL) approaches have recently emerged as an improved accelerated MRI strategy. Training of PG-DL methods is typically performed in supervised manner requiring fully-sampled data as reference, which is challenging in 3D LGE CMR. Recently, a self-supervised learning approach was proposed to enable training PG-DL techniques without fully-sampled data. In this work, we extend this self-supervised learning approach to 3D imaging, while tackling challenges related to small training database sizes of 3D volumes. Results and a reader study on prospectively accelerated 3D LGE show that the proposed approach at 6-fold acceleration outperforms the clinically utilized compressed sensing approach at 3-fold acceleration.      
### 4.MetaLocalization: Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Aided Multi-user Wireless Indoor Localization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09323.pdf)
>  The received signal strength (RSS) based technique is extensively utilized for localization in the indoor environments. Since the RSS values of neighboring locations may be similar, the localization accuracy of the RSS based technique is limited. To tackle this problem, in this paper, we propose to utilize reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) for the RSS based multi-user localization. As the RIS is able to customize the radio channels by adjusting the phase shifts of the signals reflected at the surface, the localization accuracy in the RIS aided scheme can be improved by choosing the proper phase shifts with significant differences of RSS values among adjacent locations. However, it is challenging to select the optimal phase shifts because the decision function for location estimation and the phase shifts are coupled. To tackle this challenge, we formulate the optimization problem for the RIS-aided localization, derive the optimal decision function, and design the phase shift optimization (PSO) algorithm to solve the formulated problem efficiently. Analysis of the proposed RIS aided technique is provided, and the effectiveness is validated through simulation.      
### 5.Computational Challenges in Non-parametric Prediction of Bradycardia in Preterm Infants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09307.pdf)
>  Infants born before 37 weeks of pregnancy are considered to be preterm. Typically, preterm infants have to be strictly monitored since they are highly susceptible to health problems like hypoxemia (low blood oxygen level), apnea, respiratory issues, cardiac problems, neurological problems as well as an increased chance of long-term health issues such as cerebral palsy, asthma and sudden infant death syndrome. One of the leading health complications in preterm infants is bradycardia - which is defined as the slower than expected heart rate, generally beating lower than 60 beats per minute. Bradycardia is often accompanied by low oxygen levels and can cause additional long term health problems in the premature infant. The implementation of a non-parametric method to predict the onset of bradycardia is presented. This method assumes no prior knowledge of the data and uses kernel density estimation to predict the future onset of bradycardia events. The data is preprocessed, and then analyzed to detect the peaks in the ECG signals, following which different kernels are implemented to estimate the shared underlying distribution of the data. The performance of the algorithm is evaluated using various metrics and the computational challenges and methods to overcome them are also discussed. It is observed that the performance of the algorithm with regards to the kernels used are consistent with the theoretical performance of the kernel as presented in a previous work. The theoretical approach has also been automated in this work and the various implementation challenges have been addressed.      
### 6.Noise-Resilient Automatic Interpretation of Holter ECG Recordings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09303.pdf)
>  Holter monitoring, a long-term ECG recording (24-hours and more), contains a large amount of valuable diagnostic information about the patient. Its interpretation becomes a difficult and time-consuming task for the doctor who analyzes them because every heartbeat needs to be classified, thus requiring highly accurate methods for automatic interpretation. In this paper, we present a three-stage process for analysing Holter recordings with robustness to noisy signal. First stage is a segmentation neural network (NN) with encoderdecoder architecture which detects positions of heartbeats. Second stage is a classification NN which will classify heartbeats as wide or narrow. Third stage in gradient boosting decision trees (GBDT) on top of NN features that incorporates patient-wise features and further increases performance of our approach. As a part of this work we acquired 5095 Holter recordings of patients annotated by an experienced cardiologist. A committee of three cardiologists served as a ground truth annotators for the 291 examples in the test set. We show that the proposed method outperforms the selected baselines, including two commercial-grade software packages and some methods previously published in the literature.      
### 7.3D imaging from multipath temporal echoes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09284.pdf)
>  Echo-location is a broad approach to imaging and sensing that includes both man-made RADAR, LIDAR, SONAR and also animal navigation. However, full 3D information based on echo-location requires some form of scanning of the scene in order to provide the spatial location of the echo origin-points. Without this spatial information, imaging objects in 3D is a very challenging task as the inverse retrieval problem is strongly ill-posed. Here, we show that the temporal information encoded in the return echoes that are reflected multiple times within a scene is sufficient to faithfully render an image in 3D. Numerical modelling and an information theoretic perspective prove the concept and provide insight into the role of the multipath information. We experimentally demonstrate the concept by using both radio-frequency and acoustic waves for imaging individuals moving in a closed environment.      
### 8.Respiratory Distress Detection from Telephone Speech using Acoustic and Prosodic Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09270.pdf)
>  With the widespread use of telemedicine services, automatic assessment of health conditions via telephone speech can significantly impact public health. This work summarizes our preliminary findings on automatic detection of respiratory distress using well-known acoustic and prosodic features. Speech samples are collected from de-identified telemedicine phonecalls from a healthcare provider in Bangladesh. The recordings include conversational speech samples of patients talking to doctors showing mild or severe respiratory distress or asthma symptoms. We hypothesize that respiratory distress may alter speech features such as voice quality, speaking pattern, loudness, and speech-pause duration. To capture these variations, we utilize a set of well-known acoustic and prosodic features with a Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifier for detecting the presence of respiratory distress. Experimental evaluations are performed using a 3-fold cross-validation scheme, ensuring patient-independent data splits. We obtained an overall accuracy of 86.4\% in detecting respiratory distress from the speech recordings using the acoustic feature set. Correlation analysis reveals that the top-performing features include loudness, voice rate, voice duration, and pause duration.      
### 9.A Transfer Learning Based Active Learning Framework for Brain Tumor Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09265.pdf)
>  Brain tumor is one of the leading causes of cancer-related death globally among children and adults. Precise classification of brain tumor grade (low-grade and high-grade glioma) at early stage plays a key role in successful prognosis and treatment planning. With recent advances in deep learning, Artificial Intelligence-enabled brain tumor grading systems can assist radiologists in the interpretation of medical images within seconds. The performance of deep learning techniques is, however, highly depended on the size of the annotated dataset. It is extremely challenging to label a large quantity of medical images given the complexity and volume of medical data. In this work, we propose a novel transfer learning based active learning framework to reduce the annotation cost while maintaining stability and robustness of the model performance for brain tumor classification. We employed a 2D slice-based approach to train and finetune our model on the Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) training dataset of 203 patients and a validation dataset of 66 patients which was used as the baseline. With our proposed method, the model achieved Area Under Receiver Operating Characteristic (ROC) Curve (AUC) of 82.89% on a separate test dataset of 66 patients, which was 2.92% higher than the baseline AUC while saving at least 40% of labeling cost. In order to further examine the robustness of our method, we created a balanced dataset, which underwent the same procedure. The model achieved AUC of 82% compared with AUC of 78.48% for the baseline, which reassures the robustness and stability of our proposed transfer learning augmented with active learning framework while significantly reducing the size of training data.      
### 10.Deep learning models for gastric signet ring cell carcinoma classification in whole slide images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09247.pdf)
>  Signet ring cell carcinoma (SRCC) of the stomach is a rare type of cancer with a slowly rising incidence. It tends to be more difficult to detect by pathologists mainly due to its cellular morphology and diffuse invasion manner, and it has poor prognosis when detected at an advanced stage. Computational pathology tools that can assist pathologists in detecting SRCC would be of a massive benefit. In this paper, we trained deep learning models using transfer learning, fully-supervised learning, and weakly-supervised learning to predict SRCC in Whole Slide Images (WSIs) using a training set of 1,765 WSIs. We evaluated the models on four different test sets of about 500 images each. The best model achieved a Receiver Operator Curve (ROC) area under the curve (AUC) of at least 0.99 on all four test sets, setting a top baseline performance for SRCC WSI classification.      
### 11.Sparsity-aware Robust Community Detection(SPARCODE)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09196.pdf)
>  Community detection refers to finding densely connected groups of nodes in graphs. In important applications, such as cluster analysis and network modelling, the graph is sparse but outliers and heavy-tailed noise may obscure its structure. We propose a new method for Sparsity-aware Robust Community Detection (SPARCODE). Starting from a densely connected and outlier-corrupted graph, we first extract a preliminary sparsity improved graph model where we optimize the level of sparsity by mapping the coordinates from different clusters such that the distance of their embedding is maximal. Then, undesired edges are removed and the graph is constructed robustly by detecting the outliers using the connectivity of nodes in the improved graph model. Finally, fast spectral partitioning is performed on the resulting robust sparse graph model. The number of communities is estimated using modularity optimization on the partitioning results. We compare the performance to popular graph and cluster-based community detection approaches on a variety of benchmark network and cluster analysis data sets. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate that our method consistently finds the correct number of communities and outperforms existing methods in terms of detection performance, robustness and modularity score while requiring a reasonable computation time.      
### 12.CVEGAN: A Perceptually-inspired GAN for Compressed Video Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09190.pdf)
>  We propose a new Generative Adversarial Network for Compressed Video quality Enhancement (CVEGAN). The CVEGAN generator benefits from the use of a novel Mul2Res block (with multiple levels of residual learning branches), an enhanced residual non-local block (ERNB) and an enhanced convolutional block attention module (ECBAM). The ERNB has also been employed in the discriminator to improve the representational capability. The training strategy has also been re-designed specifically for video compression applications, to employ a relativistic sphere GAN (ReSphereGAN) training methodology together with new perceptual loss functions. The proposed network has been fully evaluated in the context of two typical video compression enhancement tools: post-processing (PP) and spatial resolution adaptation (SRA). CVEGAN has been fully integrated into the MPEG HEVC video coding test model (HM16.20) and experimental results demonstrate significant coding gains (up to 28% for PP and 38% for SRA compared to the anchor) over existing state-of-the-art architectures for both coding tools across multiple datasets.      
### 13.Small-Gain Theorem for Safety Verification of Interconnected Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09173.pdf)
>  A small-gain theorem in the formulation of barrier function is developed in this work for safety verification of interconnected systems. This result is helpful to verify input-to-state safety (ISSf) of the overall system from the safety information encoded in the subsystem's ISSf-barrier function. Also, it can be used to obtain a safety set in a higher dimensional space from the safety sets in two lower dimensional spaces.      
### 14.WPD++: An Improved Neural Beamformer for Simultaneous Speech Separation and Dereverberation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09162.pdf)
>  This paper aims at eliminating the interfering speakers' speech, additive noise, and reverberation from the noisy multi-talker speech mixture that benefits automatic speech recognition (ASR) backend. While the recently proposed Weighted Power minimization Distortionless response (WPD) beamformer can perform separation and dereverberation simultaneously, the noise cancellation component still has the potential to progress. We propose an improved neural WPD beamformer called "WPD++" by an enhanced beamforming module in the conventional WPD and a multi-objective loss function for the joint training. The beamforming module is improved by utilizing the spatio-temporal correlation. A multi-objective loss, including the complex spectra domain scale-invariant signal-to-noise ratio (C-Si-SNR) and the magnitude domain mean square error (Mag-MSE), is properly designed to make multiple constraints on the enhanced speech and the desired power of the dry clean signal. Joint training is conducted to optimize the complex-valued mask estimator and the WPD++ beamformer in an end-to-end way. The results show that the proposed WPD++ outperforms several state-of-the-art beamformers on the enhanced speech quality and word error rate (WER) of ASR.      
### 15.Uplink Sensing in Perceptive Mobile Networks with Asynchronous Transceivers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09098.pdf)
>  Perceptive mobile network (PMN) is a recently proposed next-generation network that integrates radar sensing into communication. One major challenge for realizing sensing in PMNs is how to deal with spatially-separated asynchronous transceivers. The asynchrony between sensing receiver and transmitter will cause both timing offsets (TOs) and carrier frequency offsets (CFOs) and lead to degraded sensing accuracy in both ranging and velocity measurements. In this paper, we propose an uplink sensing scheme for PMNs with asynchronous transceivers, targeting at resolving the sensing ambiguity and improving the sensing accuracy. We first adopt a cross-antenna cross-correlation (CACC) operation to remove the sensing ambiguity associated with both TOs and CFOs. Without sensing ambiguity, both actual propagation delay and actual Doppler frequency of multiple targets can be obtained using CACC outputs. To exploit the redundancy of the CACC outputs and reduce the complexity, we then propose a novel mirrored-MUSIC algorithm, which halves the number of unknown parameters to be estimated, for obtaining actual values of delays and Doppler frequencies. Finally, we propose a high-resolution angles-of-arrival (AoAs) estimation algorithm, which jointly processes all measurements from spatial, temporal, and frequency domains. The proposed AoAs estimation algorithm can achieve significantly higher estimation accuracy than that of using samples from the spatial domain only. We also derive the theoretical mean-square-error of the proposed algorithms. Numerical results are provided and validate the effectiveness of the proposed scheme.      
### 16.Towards online monitoring and data-driven control: a study of segmentation algorithms for infrared images of the powder bed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09065.pdf)
>  An increasing number of selective laser sintering and selective laser melting machines use off-axis infrared cameras to improve online monitoring and data-driven control capabilities. However, there is still a severe lack of algorithmic solutions to properly process the infrared images from these cameras that has led to several key limitations: a lack of online monitoring capabilities for the laser tracks, insufficient pre-processing of the infrared images for data-driven methods, and large memory requirements for storing the infrared images. To address these limitations, we study over 30 segmentation algorithms that segment each infrared image into a foreground and background. By evaluating each algorithm based on its segmentation accuracy, computational speed, and robustness against spatter detection, we identify promising algorithmic solutions. The identified algorithms can be readily applied to the selective laser sintering and selective laser melting machines to address each of the above limitations and thus, significantly improve process control.      
### 17.Tie Your Embeddings Down: Cross-Modal Latent Spaces for End-to-end Spoken Language Understanding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09044.pdf)
>  End-to-end (E2E) spoken language understanding (SLU) systems can infer the semantics of a spoken utterance directly from an audio signal. However, training an E2E system remains a challenge, largely due to the scarcity of paired audio-semantics data. In this paper, we treat an E2E system as a multi-modal model, with audio and text functioning as its two modalities, and use a cross-modal latent space (CMLS) architecture, where a shared latent space is learned between the `acoustic' and `text' embeddings. We propose using different multi-modal losses to explicitly guide the acoustic embeddings to be closer to the text embeddings, obtained from a semantically powerful pre-trained BERT model. We train the CMLS model on two publicly available E2E datasets, across different cross-modal losses and show that our proposed triplet loss function achieves the best performance. It achieves a relative improvement of 1.4% and 4% respectively over an E2E model without a cross-modal space and a relative improvement of 0.7% and 1% over a previously published CMLS model using $L_2$ loss. The gains are higher for a smaller, more complicated E2E dataset, demonstrating the efficacy of using an efficient cross-modal loss function, especially when there is limited E2E training data available.      
### 18.SoftSeg: Advantages of soft versus binary training for image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09041.pdf)
>  Most image segmentation algorithms are trained on binary masks formulated as a classification task per pixel. However, in applications such as medical imaging, this "black-and-white" approach is too constraining because the contrast between two tissues is often ill-defined, i.e., the voxels located on objects' edges contain a mixture of tissues. Consequently, assigning a single "hard" label can result in a detrimental approximation. Instead, a soft prediction containing non-binary values would overcome that limitation. We introduce SoftSeg, a deep learning training approach that takes advantage of soft ground truth labels, and is not bound to binary predictions. SoftSeg aims at solving a regression instead of a classification problem. This is achieved by using (i) no binarization after preprocessing and data augmentation, (ii) a normalized ReLU final activation layer (instead of sigmoid), and (iii) a regression loss function (instead of the traditional Dice loss). We assess the impact of these three features on three open-source MRI segmentation datasets from the spinal cord gray matter, the multiple sclerosis brain lesion, and the multimodal brain tumor segmentation challenges. Across multiple cross-validation iterations, SoftSeg outperformed the conventional approach, leading to an increase in Dice score of 2.0% on the gray matter dataset (p=0.001), 3.3% for the MS lesions, and 6.5% for the brain tumors. SoftSeg produces consistent soft predictions at tissues' interfaces and shows an increased sensitivity for small objects. The richness of soft labels could represent the inter-expert variability, the partial volume effect, and complement the model uncertainty estimation. The developed training pipeline can easily be incorporated into most of the existing deep learning architectures. It is already implemented in the freely-available deep learning toolbox ivadomed (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://ivadomed.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>).      
### 19.A Vision of XR-aided Teleoperation System Towards 5G/B5G  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09026.pdf)
>  Extended Reality (XR)-aided teleoperation has shown its potential in improving operating efficiency in mission-critical, rich-information and complex scenarios. The multi-sensory XR devices introduce several new types of traffic with unique quality-of-service (QoS) requirements, which are usually defined by three measures---human perception, corresponding sensors, and present devices. To fulfil these requirements, cellular-supported wireless connectivity can be a promising solution that can largely benefit the Robot-to-XR and the XR-to-Robot links. In this article, we present industrial and piloting use cases and identify the service bottleneck of each case. We then cover the QoS of Robot-XR and XR-Robot links by summarizing the sensors' parameters and processing procedures. To realise these use cases, we introduce potential solutions for each case with cellular connections. Finally, we build testbeds to investigate the effectiveness of supporting our proposed links using current wireless topologies.      
### 20.Design and Stability Analysis of a Shared Mobility Market  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09025.pdf)
>  In recent years, we have witnessed a remarkable surge of usage in shared vehicles in our cities. Shared mobility offers a future of no congestion in busy city roads with increasing populations of travelers, passengers, and drivers. Given the behavioral decision-making of travelers and the shared vehicles' operators, however, the question is "how can we ensure a socially-acceptable assignment between travelers and vehicles?" In other words, how can we design a shared mobility system that assigns each traveler to the "right" vehicle? In this paper, we design a shared mobility market consisted of travelers and vehicles in a transportation network. We formulate a linear programming problem and derive the optimal assignment between travelers and vehicles. In addition, we provide the necessary and sufficient conditions for the stable traveler-vehicle profit allocation. Our goal is twofold: maximize the social welfare of all travelers with the optimal assignment while ensuring the feasibility and stability of the traveler-vehicle profit allocation while respecting the decision-making of both the travelers and the vehicles' operators.      
### 21.Consensus of Multi-Agent Systems Using Back-Tracking and History Following Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08990.pdf)
>  This paper proposes two algorithms, namely "back-tracking" and "history following", to reach consensus in case of communication loss for a network of distributed agents with switching topologies. To reach consensus in distributed control, considered communication topology forms a strongly connected graph. The graph is no more strongly connected whenever an agent loses communication.Whenever an agent loses communication, the topology is no more strongly connected. The proposed back-tracking algorithm makes sure that the agent backtracks its position unless the communication is reestablished, and path is changed to reach consensus. In history following, the agents use their memory and move towards previous consensus point until the communication is regained. Upon regaining communication, a new consensus point is calculated depending on the current positions of the agents and they change their trajectories accordingly. Simulation results, for a network of six agents, show that when the agents follow the previous history, the average consensus time is less than that of back-tracking. However, situation may arise in history following where a false notion of reaching consensus makes one of the agents stop at a point near to the actual consensus point. An obstacle avoidance algorithm is integrated with the proposed algorithms to avoid collisions. Hardware implementation for a three robots system shows the effectiveness of the algorithms.      
### 22.Patient-Specific Seizure Prediction Using Single Seizure Electroencephalography Recording  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08982.pdf)
>  Electroencephalogram (EEG) is a prominent way to measure the brain activity for studying epilepsy, thereby helping in predicting seizures. Seizure prediction is an active research area with many deep learning based approaches dominating the recent literature for solving this problem. But these models require a considerable number of patient-specific seizures to be recorded for extracting the preictal and interictal EEG data for training a classifier. The increase in sensitivity and specificity for seizure prediction using the machine learning models is noteworthy. However, the need for a significant number of patient-specific seizures and periodic retraining of the model because of non-stationary EEG creates difficulties for designing practical device for a patient. To mitigate this process, we propose a Siamese neural network based seizure prediction method that takes a wavelet transformed EEG tensor as an input with convolutional neural network (CNN) as the base network for detecting change-points in EEG. Compared to the solutions in the literature, which utilize days of EEG recordings, our method only needs one seizure for training which translates to less than ten minutes of preictal and interictal data while still getting comparable results to models which utilize multiple seizures for seizure prediction.      
### 23.RAMP-CNN: A Novel Neural Network for Enhanced Automotive Radar Object Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08981.pdf)
>  Millimeter-wave (mmW) radars are being increasingly integrated into commercial vehicles to support new advanced driver-assistance systems (ADAS) by enabling robust and high-performance object detection, localization, as well as recognition - a key component of new environmental perception. In this paper, we propose a novel radar multiple-perspectives convolutional neural network (RAMP-CNN) that extracts the location and class of objects based on further processing of the range-velocity-angle (RVA) heatmap sequences. To bypass the complexity of 4D convolutional neural networks (NN), we propose to combine several lower-dimension NN models within our RAMP-CNN model that nonetheless approaches the performance upper-bound with lower complexity. The extensive experiments show that the proposed RAMP-CNN model achieves better average recall (AR) and average precision (AP) than prior works in all testing scenarios (see Table. III). Besides, the RAMP-CNN model is validated to work robustly under the nighttime, which enables low-cost radars as a potential substitute for pure optical sensing under severe conditions.      
### 24.Linear Phase Retrieval for Near-Field Measurements with Locally Known Phase Relations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08980.pdf)
>  A linear and thus convex phase retrieval algorithm for the application in phaseless near-field far-field transformations is presented. The formulation exploits locally known phase relations among sets of measurement samples, which can in practice be acquired with multi-channel receivers. Due to the linearity of the formulation, a reliable phaseless transformation is achieved, which completely avoids the problem of local minima - the Achilles heel of most existing phase retrieval techniques. Furthermore, the necessary number of measurements are kept close to that of fully-coherent antenna measurements. Comparisons with an already existing approach exploiting local phase relations demonstrate the accuracy and reliability for synthetic data.      
### 25.96 dB Linear High Dynamic Range CAOS Spectrometer Demonstration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08979.pdf)
>  For the first time, a CAOS (i.e., Coded Access Optical Sensor) spectrometer is demonstrated. The design implemented uses a reflective diffraction grating and a time-frequency CAOS mode operations Digital Micromirror Device (DMD) in combination with a large area point photo-detector to enable highly programmable linear High Dynamic Range (HDR) spectrometry. Experiments are conducted with a 2850 K color temperature light bulb source and visible band color bandpass and high-pass filters as well as neutral density (ND) attenuation filters. A ~369 nm to ~715 nm input light source spectrum is measured with a designed ~1 nm spectral resolution. Using the optical filters and different CAOS modes, namely, Code Division Multiple Access (CDMA), Frequency Modulation (FM)-CDMA and FM-Time Division Multiple Access (TDMA) modes, measured are improving spectrometer linear dynamic ranges of 28 dB, 50 dB, and 96.2 dB, respectively. Applications for the linear HDR CAOS spectrometer includes materials inspection in biomedicine, foods, forensics, and pharmaceuticals.      
### 26.Environmental Pollution Prediction of NOx by Process Analysis and Predictive Modelling in Natural Gas Turbine Power Plants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08978.pdf)
>  The main objective of this paper is to propose K-Nearest-Neighbor algorithm for predicting NOx emissions from a natural gas electrical generation turbine. The process of producing electricity is dynamic and rapidly changing due to many factors such as weather, consumer demand and electrical grid requirements. This paper presents the case to achieve higher prediction rates by reducing training dataset size, hence shortening the analysis period. Applications of latent variables (PCA) for predicting and analysis of process change and degradation has been briefly discussed.      
### 27.Classification Of Sleep-Wake State In A Ballistocardiogram System Based On Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08977.pdf)
>  Sleep state classification is vital in managing and understanding sleep patterns and is generally the first step in identifying acute or chronic sleep disorders. However, it is essential to do this without affecting the natural environment or conditions of the subject during their sleep. Techniques such as Polysomnography(PSG) are obtrusive and are not convenient for regular sleep monitoring. Fortunately, The rise of novel technologies and advanced computing has given a recent resurgence to monitoring sleep techniques. One such contactless and unobtrusive monitoring technique is Ballistocradiography(BCG), in which vitals are monitored by measuring the body's reaction to the cardiac ejection of blood. In this study, we propose a Multi-Head 1D-Convolution based Deep Neural Network to classify sleep-wake state and predict sleep-wake time accurately using the signals coming from a BCG sensor. Our method achieves a sleep-wake classification score of 95.5%, which is on par with researches based on the PSG system. We further conducted two independent studies in a controlled and uncontrolled environment to test the sleep-wake prediction accuracy. We achieve a score of 94.16% in a controlled environment on 115 subjects and 94.90% in an uncontrolled environment on 350 subjects. The high accuracy and contactless nature of the proposed system make it a convenient method for long term monitoring of sleep states.      
### 28.Efficient Sensor Management for Multitarget Tracking in Passive Sensor Networks via Cauchy-Schwarz Divergence  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08976.pdf)
>  This paper presents an efficient sensor management approach for multi-target tracking in passive sensor networks. Compared with active sensor networks, passive sensor networks have larger uncertainty due to the nature of passive sensing. Multi-target tracking in passive sensor networks is challenging because the multi-sensor multi-target fusion problem is difficult and sensor management is necessary to achieve good trade-offs between tracking accuracy and energy consumption or other costs. To address this problem, we present an efficient information-theoretic approach to manage the sensors for better tracking of the unknown and time-varying number of targets. This is accomplished with two main technical innovations. The first is a tractable information-based multi-sensor selection solution via a partially observed Markov decision process framework. The Cauchy-Schwarz divergence is used as the criterion to select informative sensors sequentially from the candidates. The second is a novel dual-stage fusion strategy based on the iterated-corrector multi-sensor generalized labeled multi-Bernoulli filter. Since the performance of the iterated-corrector scheme is greatly influenced by the order of sensor updates, the selected sensors are first ranked in order of their abilities to detect targets according to the Cauchy-Schwarz divergence, followed the iterated-corrector update. The computation costs of ranking the sensors are negligible, since the Cauchy-Schwarz divergence has been computed in the multi-sensor selection procedure. Simulation results validate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed approach.      
### 29.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Assisted Cooperative Non-orthogonal Multiple Access Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08975.pdf)
>  This paper considers downlink of reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) assisted cooperative non-orthogonal multiple access (CNOMA) systems. Our objective is to minimize the total transmit power by jointly optimizing the active beamforming vectors, transmit-relaying power, and RIS phase shifts. The formulated problem is a mixed-integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) problem. To tackle this problem, the alternating optimization approach is utilized to decouple the variables. In each alternative procedure, the optimal solutions for the active beamforming vectors, transmit-relaying power and phase shifts are obtained. However, the proposed algorithm has high complexity since the optimal phase shifts are solved by integer linear programming (ILP) whose computational complexity is exponential in the number of variables. To strike a good computational complexity-optimality trade-off, a low-complexity suboptimal algorithm is proposed by invoking the iterative penalty function based semidefinite programming (SDP) and the successive refinement approaches. Numerical results illustrate that: i) the proposed RIS-CNOMA system, aided by our proposed algorithms, outperforms the conventional CNOMA system. ii) the proposed low-complexity suboptimal algorithm can achieve the near-optimal performance. iii) whether the RIS-CNOMA system outperforms the RIS assisted non-orthogonal multiple access (RIS-NOMA) system depends not only on the users' locations but also on the RIS' location.      
### 30.Temporal Resolution of Measurements and the Effects on Calibrating Building Energy Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08974.pdf)
>  With the recent interest in installing building energy management systems, the availability of data enables calibration of building energy models. This study compares calibration on eight different temporal resolutions and contrasts the benefits and drawbacks of each. While heating and cooling calibration show less sensitivity to temporal resolutions, the performance of calibrating electricity energy consumption and domestic hot water is prone to greatly vary depending on the temporal resolution.      
### 31.Two Types of Mixed Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (X-OFDM) Waveform for Optical Wireless Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08973.pdf)
>  The optical wireless communication (OWC) with the intensity modulation (IM), requires the modulated radio frequency (RF) signal to be real and non-negative. To satisfy the requirements, this paper proposes two types of mixed orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (X-OFDM) waveform. The Hermitian symmetry (HS) character of the sub-carriers in the frequency domain, guarantees the signal in the time domain to be real, which reduces the spectral efficiency to $1/2$. For the odd sub-carriers in the frequency domain, the signal in the time domain after the inverse fast fourier transform (IFFT) is antisymmetric. For the even sub-carriers in the frequency domain, the signal in the time domain after the IFFT is symmetric. Based on the antisymmetric and symmetric characters, the two types of X-OFDM waveform are designed to guarantee the signal in the time domain to be non-negative, where the direct current (DC) bias is not needed. With $N$ sub-carriers in the frequency domain, the generated signal in the time domain has $3N/2$ points, which further reduces the spectral efficiency to $1/3 = 1/2 \times 2/3$. The numerical simulations show that, the two types of X-OFDM waveform greatly enhance the power efficiency considering the OWC channel with the signal-dependent noise and/or the signal-independent noise.      
### 32.Reducing the Mutual Outage Probability of Cooperative Non-Orthogonal Multiple Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08972.pdf)
>  In this letter, a new power allocation scheme is proposed to improve the reliability of cooperative non-orthogonal multiple access (CO-NOMA). The strong user is allocated the maximum power, whereas the weak user is allocated the minimum power. This power allocation alters the decoding sequence along with the signal-to-interference plus noise ratio (SINR), at the users. The weak user benefits from receiving multiple copies of the signal whereas the strong user benefits from the higher power allocation. Numerical simulation results show that the proposed scheme has a lower mutual outage probability (MOP) and offers better reliability as compared to the conventional power allocation scheme for CONOMA. An exact closed-form expression of MOP is derived for the two-user CO-NOMA system and it is shown that each user achieves full diversity. The proposed allocation is able to achieve approximately 30% higher transmission rate at 15 dB as compared to conventional CO-NOMA in a practical non-power balanced scenario.      
### 33.In-band Perturbation based OSNR Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08971.pdf)
>  Perturbed spectra are modelled to estimate OSNR for a single channel amplified link. Perturbation-dependent nonlinear noise is separated from constant ASE noise using a set of propagated perturbed spectra. A least mean square fitting is used to estimate OSNR with standard deviation of 0.16 dB.      
### 34.A Study on MIMO Channel Estimation by 2D and 3D Convolutional Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08970.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the usage of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) estimators for the task of Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (MIMO-OFDM) Channel Estimation (CE). Specifically, the CNN estimators interpolate the channel values of reference signals for estimating the channel of the full OFDM resource element (RE) matrix. We have designed a 2D CNN architecture based on U-net, and a 3D CNN architecture for handling spatial correlation. We investigate the performance of various CNN architectures fora diverse data set generated according to the 5G NR standard and in particular, we investigate the influence of spatial correlation, Doppler, and reference signal resource allocation. The CE CNN estimators are then integrated with MIMO detection algorithms for testing their influence on the system level Bit Error Rate(BER) performance.      
### 35.Interpretable Survival Prediction for Colorectal Cancer using Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08965.pdf)
>  Deriving interpretable prognostic features from deep-learning-based prognostic histopathology models remains a challenge. In this study, we developed a deep learning system (DLS) for predicting disease specific survival for stage II and III colorectal cancer using 3,652 cases (27,300 slides). When evaluated on two validation datasets containing 1,239 cases (9,340 slides) and 738 cases (7,140 slides) respectively, the DLS achieved a 5-year disease-specific survival AUC of 0.70 (95%CI 0.66-0.73) and 0.69 (95%CI 0.64-0.72), and added significant predictive value to a set of 9 clinicopathologic features. To interpret the DLS, we explored the ability of different human-interpretable features to explain the variance in DLS scores. We observed that clinicopathologic features such as T-category, N-category, and grade explained a small fraction of the variance in DLS scores (R2=18% in both validation sets). Next, we generated human-interpretable histologic features by clustering embeddings from a deep-learning based image-similarity model and showed that they explain the majority of the variance (R2 of 73% to 80%). Furthermore, the clustering-derived feature most strongly associated with high DLS scores was also highly prognostic in isolation. With a distinct visual appearance (poorly differentiated tumor cell clusters adjacent to adipose tissue), this feature was identified by annotators with 87.0-95.5% accuracy. Our approach can be used to explain predictions from a prognostic deep learning model and uncover potentially-novel prognostic features that can be reliably identified by people for future validation studies.      
### 36.HiResCAM: Explainable Multi-Organ Multi-Abnormality Prediction in 3D Medical Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08891.pdf)
>  Understanding model predictions is critical in healthcare, to facilitate rapid real-time verification of model correctness and to guard against the use of models that exploit confounding variables. Motivated by the need for explainable models, we address the challenging task of explainable multiple abnormality classification in volumetric medical images. We propose a novel attention mechanism, HiResCAM, that highlights relevant regions within each volume for each abnormality queried. We investigate the relationship between HiResCAM and the popular model explanation method Grad-CAM, and demonstrate that HiResCAM yields better performance on abnormality localization and produces explanations that are more faithful to the underlying model. Finally, we introduce a mask loss that leverages HiResCAM to require the model to predict abnormalities based on only the organs in which those abnormalities appear. Our innovations achieve a 37% improvement in explanation quality, resulting in state-of-the-art weakly supervised organ localization of abnormalities in the RAD-ChestCT data set of 36,316 CT volumes. We also demonstrate on PASCAL VOC 2012 the different properties of HiResCAM and Grad-CAM on natural images. Overall, this work advances convolutional neural network explanation approaches and the clinical applicability of multi-abnormality modeling in volumetric medical images.      
### 37.Artifacts of Quantization in Distance Transforms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08880.pdf)
>  Distance transforms are a central tool in shape analysis, morphometry, and curve evolution problems. This work describes and investigates an artifact present in distance maps computed from sampled signals. Namely, sampling reflects through the distance transform causing quantization in the resulting distance map. Gradients of the quantized distance map show banding, affecting the quality of subsequence processing. Furthermore, this error is independent of the sampling period of the signal and cannot be removed by modifying the number of samples across an objects width. Where needed, distance maps should be computed from representations other than binary images. In the case where exact representations are needed, a dithering and noise removal algorithm is proposed.      
### 38.Deep Networks for Direction-of-Arrival Estimation in Low SNR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08848.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider direction-of-arrival (DoA) estimation in the presence of extreme noise using Deep Learning (DL). In particular, we introduce a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) that is trained from mutli-channel data of the true array manifold matrix and is able to predict angular directions using the sample covariance estimate. We model the problem as a multi-label classification task and train a CNN in the low-SNR regime to predict DoAs across all SNRs. The proposed architecture demonstrates enhanced robustness in the presence of noise, and resilience to a small number of snapshots. Moreover, it is able to resolve angles within the grid resolution. Experimental results demonstrate significant performance gains in the low-SNR regime compared to state-of-the-art methods and without the requirement of any parameter tuning. We relax the assumption that the number of sources is known a priori and present a training method, where the CNN learns to infer the number of sources jointly with the DoAs. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed CNN can accurately estimate off-grid angles in low SNR, while at the same time the number of sources is successfully inferred for a sufficient number of snapshots. Our robust solution can be applied in several fields, ranging from wireless array sensors to acoustic microphones or sonars.      
### 39.FROST: Faster and more Robust One-shot Semi-supervised Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09471.pdf)
>  Recent advances in one-shot semi-supervised learning have lowered the barrier for deep learning of new applications. However, the state-of-the-art for semi-supervised learning is slow to train and the performance is sensitive to the choices of the labeled data and hyper-parameter values. In this paper, we present a one-shot semi-supervised learning method that trains up to an order of magnitude faster and is more robust than state-of-the-art methods. Specifically, we show that by combining semi-supervised learning with a one-stage, single network version of self-training, our FROST methodology trains faster and is more robust to choices for the labeled samples and changes in hyper-parameters. Our experiments demonstrate FROST's capability to perform well when the composition of the unlabeled data is unknown; that is when the unlabeled data contain unequal numbers of each class and can contain out-of-distribution examples that don't belong to any of the training classes. High performance, speed of training, and insensitivity to hyper-parameters make FROST the most practical method for one-shot semi-supervised training.      
### 40.Interpretable Visualization and Higher-Order Dimension Reduction for ECoG Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09447.pdf)
>  ElectroCOrticoGraphy (ECoG) technology measures electrical activity in the human brain via electrodes placed directly on the cortical surface during neurosurgery. Through its capability to record activity at an extremely fast temporal resolution, ECoG experiments have allowed scientists to better understand how the human brain processes speech. By its nature, ECoG data is extremely difficult for neuroscientists to directly interpret for two major reasons. Firstly, ECoG data tends to be extremely large in size, as each individual experiment yields data up to several GB. Secondly, ECoG data has a complex, higher-order nature; after signal processing, this type of data is typically organized as a 4-way tensor consisting of trials by electrodes by frequency by time. In this paper, we develop an interpretable dimension reduction approach called Regularized Higher Order Principal Components Analysis, as well as an extension to Regularized Higher Order Partial Least Squares, that allows neuroscientists to explore and visualize ECoG data. Our approach employs a sparse and functional Candecomp-Parafac (CP) decomposition that incorporates sparsity to select relevant electrodes and frequency bands, as well as smoothness over time and frequency, yielding directly interpretable factors. We demonstrate both the performance and interpretability of our method with an ECoG case study on audio and visual processing of human speech.      
### 41.Assessment of System-Level Cyber Attack Vulnerability for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles Using Bayesian Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09436.pdf)
>  This study presents a methodology to quantify vulnerability of cyber attacks and their impacts based on probabilistic graphical models for intelligent transportation systems under connected and autonomous vehicles framework. Cyber attack vulnerabilities from various types and their impacts are calculated for intelligent signals and cooperative adaptive cruise control (CACC) applications based on the selected performance measures. Numerical examples are given that show impact of vulnerabilities in terms of average intersection queue lengths, number of stops, average speed, and delays. At a signalized network with and without redundant systems, vulnerability can increase average queues and delays by $3\%$ and $15\%$ and $4\%$ and $17\%$, respectively. For CACC application, impact levels reach to $50\%$ delay difference on average when low amount of speed information is perturbed. When significantly different speed characteristics are inserted by an attacker, delay difference increases beyond $100\%$ of normal traffic conditions.      
### 42.Convolutional Autoencoder for Blind Hyperspectral Image Unmixing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09420.pdf)
>  In the remote sensing context spectral unmixing is a technique to decompose a mixed pixel into two fundamental representatives: endmembers and abundances. In this paper, a novel architecture is proposed to perform blind unmixing on hyperspectral images. The proposed architecture consists of convolutional layers followed by an autoencoder. The encoder transforms the feature space produced through convolutional layers to a latent space representation. Then, from these latent characteristics the decoder reconstructs the roll-out image of the monochrome image which is at the input of the architecture; and each single-band image is fed sequentially. Experimental results on real hyperspectral data concludes that the proposed algorithm outperforms existing unmixing methods at abundance estimation and generates competitive results for endmember extraction with RMSE and SAD as the metrics, respectively.      
### 43.Queue Length Estimation at Traffic Signals: Connected Vehicles with Range Measurement Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09397.pdf)
>  Today vehicles are becoming a rich source of data as they are equipped with localization or tracking and with wireless communications technologies. With the increasing interest in automated- or self- driving technologies, vehicles are also being equipped with range measuring sensors (e.g., LIDAR, stereo cameras, and ultrasonic) to detect other vehicles and objects in the surrounding environment. It is possible to envision that such vehicles could share their data with the transportation infrastructure elements (e.g., a traffic signal controller) to enable different mobility and safety applications. Data from these connected vehicles could then be used to estimate the system state in real-time. This paper develops queue length estimators from connected vehicles equipped with range measurement sensors. Simple plug-and-play models are developed for queue length estimations without needing ground truth queue lengths by extending the previous formulations. The proposed method is simple to implement and can be adopted to cyclic queues at traffic signals with known phase lengths. The derived models are evaluated with data from microscopic traffic simulations. From numerical experiments, the QLE model with range sensors improves the errors as much as 25% in variance-to-mean ratio and 5\% in coefficient of variation at low less than 20% market penetration rates.      
### 44.Cycle-to-Cycle Queue Length Estimation from Connected Vehicles with Filtering on Primary Parameters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09370.pdf)
>  Estimation models from connected vehicles often assume low level parameters such as arrival rates and market penetration rates as known or estimate them in real-time. At low market penetration rates, such parameter estimators produce large errors making estimated queue lengths inefficient for control or operations applications. In order to improve accuracy of low level parameter estimations, this study investigates the impact of connected vehicles information filtering on queue length estimation models. Filters are used as multilevel real-time estimators. Accuracy is tested against known arrival rate and market penetration rate scenarios using microsimulations. To understand the effectiveness for short-term or for dynamic processes, arrival rates, and market penetration rates are changed every 15 minutes. The results show that with Kalman and Particle filters, parameter estimators are able to find the true values within 15 minutes and meet and surpass the accuracy of known parameter scenarios especially for low market penetration rates. In addition, using last known estimated queue lengths when no connected vehicle is present performs better than inputting average estimated values. Moreover, the study shows that both filtering algorithms are suitable for real-time applications that require less than 0.1 second computational time.      
### 45.High-Throughput and Memory-Efficient Parallel Viterbi Decoder for Convolutional Codes on GPU  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09337.pdf)
>  This paper describes a parallel implementation of Viterbi decoding algorithm. Viterbi decoder is widely used in many state-of-the-art wireless systems. The proposed solution optimizes both throughput and memory usage by applying optimizations such as unified kernel implementation and parallel traceback. Experimental evaluations show that the proposed solution achieves higher throughput compared to previous GPU-accelerated solutions.      
### 46.DC power grids with constant-power loads -- Part II: nonnegative power demands, conditions for feasibility, and high-voltage solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09333.pdf)
>  In this two-part paper we develop a unifying framework for the analysis of the feasibility of the power flow equations for DC power grids with constant-power loads. <br>Part II of this paper explores further implications of the results in Part I. In particular, we refine several results in Part I to obtain a necessary and sufficient condition for the feasibility of nonnegative power demands, which is cheaper to compute than the necessary and sufficient LMI condition in Part I. Moreover, we prove two novel sufficient conditions, which generalize known sufficient conditions for power flow feasibility in the literature. In addition, we prove that the unique long-term voltage semi-stable operating point associated to a feasible vector of power demands is a strict high-voltage solution. A parametrization of such operating points, which is dual to the parametrization in Part I, is also obtained, along with a parametrization of the boundary of the set of feasible power demands.      
### 47.Voxelwise principal component analysis of dynamic [S-methyl-11C]methionine PET data in glioma patients  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09325.pdf)
>  Recent works have demonstrated the added value of dynamic amino acid positron emission tomography (PET) for glioma grading and genotyping, biopsy targeting, and recurrence diagnosis. However, most of these studies are exclusively based on hand-crafted qualitative or semi-quantitative dynamic features extracted from the mean time activity curve (TAC) within predefined volumes. Voxelwise dynamic PET data analysis could instead provide a better insight into intra-tumour heterogeneity of gliomas. In this work, we investigate the ability of the widely used principal component analysis (PCA) method to extract meaningful quantitative dynamic features from high-dimensional motion-corrected dynamic [S-methyl-11C]methionine PET data in a first cohort of 20 glioma patients. By means of realistic numerical simulations, we demonstrate the robustness of our methodology to noise. In a second cohort of 13 glioma patients, we compare the resulting parametric maps to these provided by standard one- and two-tissue compartment pharmacokinetic (PK) models. We show that our PCA model outperforms PK models in the identification of intra-tumour uptake dynamics heterogeneity while being much less computationally expensive. Such parametric maps could be valuable to assess tumour aggressiveness locally with applications in treatment planning as well as in the evaluation of tumour progression and response to treatment. This work also provides further encouraging results on the added value of dynamic over static analysis of [S-methyl-11C]methionine PET data in gliomas, as previously demonstrated for O-(2-[18F]fluoroethyl)-L-tyrosine.      
### 48.Context-aware RNNLM Rescoring for Conversational Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09301.pdf)
>  Conversational speech recognition is regarded as a challenging task due to its free-style speaking and long-term contextual dependencies. Prior work has explored the modeling of long-range context through RNNLM rescoring with improved performance. To further take advantage of the persisted nature during a conversation, such as topics or speaker turn, we extend the rescoring procedure to a new context-aware manner. For RNNLM training, we capture the contextual dependencies by concatenating adjacent sentences with various tag words, such as speaker or intention information. For lattice rescoring, the lattice of adjacent sentences are also connected with the first-pass decoded result by tag words. Besides, we also adopt a selective concatenation strategy based on tf-idf, making the best use of contextual similarity to improve transcription performance. Results on four different conversation test sets show that our approach yields up to 13.1% and 6% relative char-error-rate (CER) reduction compared with 1st-pass decoding and common lattice-rescoring, respectively.      
### 49.CAA-Net: Conditional Atrous CNNs with Attention for Explainable Device-robust Acoustic Scene Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09299.pdf)
>  Acoustic Scene Classification (ASC) aims to classify the environment in which the audio signals are recorded. Recently, Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) have been successfully applied to ASC. However, the data distributions of the audio signals recorded with multiple devices are different. There has been little research on the training of robust neural networks on acoustic scene datasets recorded with multiple devices, and on explaining the operation of the internal layers of the neural networks. In this article, we focus on training and explaining device-robust CNNs on multi-device acoustic scene data. We propose conditional atrous CNNs with attention for multi-device ASC. Our proposed system contains an ASC branch and a device classification branch, both modelled by CNNs. We visualise and analyse the intermediate layers of the atrous CNNs. A time-frequency attention mechanism is employed to analyse the contribution of each time-frequency bin of the feature maps in the CNNs. On the Detection and Classification of Acoustic Scenes and Events (DCASE) 2018 ASC dataset, recorded with three devices, our proposed model performs significantly better than CNNs trained on single-device data.      
### 50.A Simulation-based Optimization Approach to Efficiently Route Air Taxis in a Cyber-Physical Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09281.pdf)
>  Besides air pollution and commuter stress, traffic congestions also lead to loss of productivity, increase in delay, vehicle operating cost, and accidents. To assuage these issues, several logistics companies are planning to launch air taxis, electric-powered vehicles that aim to provide faster passenger commutes on a daily basis at an affordable cost. This research is one of the first to propose a centralized framework to dispatch and route flying taxis in a cyber-physical network considering unique constraints pertaining to air taxi operations. The feasibility of the proposed approach is tested using potential air taxi demands in New York City (NYC) provided by a prior study. The results of the experimentation suggest that the minimum number of air taxis required for efficient operation in NYC is 84, functioning with an average utilization rate of 66%. In addition, the impacts of commuter willingness to fly rate, percentage of demand fulfillment, on-road travel limit, maximum customer wait time, and arrival distribution on the optimal number of air taxis, utilization rate, number of customers served and cost incurred per customer are examined. Analyses show that the willingness to fly rate appears to have a linear influence on the number of air taxis and the efficiency, while on-road travel distance has an exponential impact on the performance measures. The routing and dispatching algorithm developed in this paper can be used by any company that is interested in venturing into the air taxi market.      
### 51.Allocating marketing resources over social networks: A long-term analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09268.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider a network of consumers who are under the combined influence of their neighbors and external influencing entities (the marketers). The consumers' opinion follows a hybrid dynamics whose opinion jumps are due to the marketing campaigns. By using the relevant static game model proposed recently in [1], we prove that although the marketers are in competition and therefore create tension in the network, the network reaches a consensus. Exploiting this key result, we propose a coopetition marketing strategy which combines the one-shot Nash equilibrium actions and a policy of no advertising. Under reasonable sufficient conditions, it is proved that the proposed coopetition strategy profile Pareto-dominates the one-shot Nash equilibrium strategy. This is a very encouraging result to tackle the much more challenging problem of designing Pareto-optimal and equilibrium strategies for the considered dynamical marketing game.      
### 52.Data-driven analysis and control of continuous-time systems under aperiodic sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09221.pdf)
>  We investigate stability analysis and controller design of unknown continuous-time systems under state-feedback with aperiodic sampling, using only noisy data but no model knowledge. We first derive a novel data-dependent parametrization of all continuous-time systems which are consistent with the measured data and the assumed noise bound. Based on this parametrization and by combining tools from robust control theory and the time-delay approach to sampled-data control, we compute lower bounds on the maximum sampling interval (MSI) for closed-loop stability under a given state-feedback gain, and beyond that, we design controllers which exhibit a possibly large MSI. Our methods guarantee the computed MSI robustly for all systems consistent with the measured data. As a technical contribution, the proposed approach embeds existing methods for sampled-data control into a general robust control framework, which can be directly extended to model-based robust controller design for uncertain time-delay systems under general uncertainty descriptions.      
### 53.Communication-Aware Energy Efficient Trajectory Planning with Limited Channel Knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09206.pdf)
>  Wireless communications is nowadays an important aspect of robotics. There are many applications in which a robot must move to a certain goal point while transmitting information through a wireless channel which depends on the particular trajectory chosen by the robot to reach the goal point. In this context, we develop a method to generate optimum trajectories which allow the robot to reach the goal point using little mechanical energy while transmitting as much data as possible. This is done by optimizing the trajectory (path and velocity profile) so that the robot consumes less energy while also offering good wireless channel conditions. We consider a realistic wireless channel model as well as a realistic dynamic model for the mobile robot (considered here to be a drone). Simulations results illustrate the merits of the proposed method.      
### 54.Learning control for transmission and navigation with a mobile robot under unknown communication rates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09193.pdf)
>  In tasks such as surveying or monitoring remote regions, an autonomous robot must move while transmitting data over a wireless network with unknown, position-dependent transmission rates. For such a robot, this paper considers the problem of transmitting a data buffer in minimum time, while possibly also navigating towards a goal position. Two approaches are proposed, each consisting of a machine-learning component that estimates the rate function from samples; and of an optimal-control component that moves the robot given the current rate function estimate. Simple obstacle avoidance is performed for the case without a goal position. In extensive simulations, these methods achieve competitive performance compared to known-rate and unknown-rate baselines. A real indoor experiment is provided in which a Parrot AR.Drone 2 successfully learns to transmit the buffer.      
### 55.RSINet: Rotation-Scale Invariant Network for Online Visual Tracking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09153.pdf)
>  Most Siamese network-based trackers perform the tracking process without model update, and cannot learn targetspecific variation adaptively. Moreover, Siamese-based trackers infer the new state of tracked objects by generating axis-aligned bounding boxes, which contain extra background noise, and are unable to accurately estimate the rotation and scale transformation of moving objects, thus potentially reducing tracking performance. In this paper, we propose a novel Rotation-Scale Invariant Network (RSINet) to address the above problem. Our RSINet tracker consists of a target-distractor discrimination branch and a rotation-scale estimation branch, the rotation and scale knowledge can be explicitly learned by a multi-task learning method in an end-to-end manner. In addtion, the tracking model is adaptively optimized and updated under spatio-temporal energy control, which ensures model stability and reliability, as well as high tracking efficiency. Comprehensive experiments on OTB-100, VOT2018, and LaSOT benchmarks demonstrate that our proposed RSINet tracker yields new state-of-the-art performance compared with recent trackers, while running at real-time speed about 45 FPS.      
### 56.Expanding Access to Music Technology -- Rapid Prototyping Accessible Instrument Solutions For Musicians With Intellectual Disabilities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09143.pdf)
>  Using open-source and creative coding frameworks, a teamof artist-engineers from Portland Community College work-ing with artists who experience Intellectual/Developmentaldisabilities prototyped an ensemble of adapted instrumentsand synthesizers that facilitate real-time in-key collabora-tion. The instruments employ a variety of sensors, send-ing the resulting musical controls to software sound gener-ators via MIDI. Careful consideration was given to the bal-ance between freedom of expression, and curating the pos-sible sonic outcomes as adaptation. Evaluation of adaptedinstrument design may differ greatly from frameworks forevaluating traditional instruments or products intended formass-market, though the results of such focused and indi-vidualised design have a variety of possible applications.      
### 57.3D Grid-Attention Networks for Interpretable Age and Alzheimer's Disease Prediction from Structural MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09115.pdf)
>  We propose an interpretable 3D Grid-Attention deep neural network that can accurately predict a person's age and whether they have Alzheimer's disease (AD) from a structural brain MRI scan. Building on a 3D convolutional neural network, we added two attention modules at different layers of abstraction, so that features learned are spatially related to the global features for the task. The attention layers allow the network to focus on brain regions relevant to the task, while masking out irrelevant or noisy regions. In evaluations based on 4,561 3-Tesla T1-weighted MRI scans from 4 phases of the Alzheimer's Disease Neuroimaging Initiative (ADNI), salience maps for age and AD prediction partially overlapped, but lower-level features overlapped more than higher-level features. The brain age prediction network also distinguished AD and healthy control groups better than another state-of-the-art method. The resulting visual analyses can distinguish interpretable feature patterns that are important for predicting clinical diagnosis. Future work is needed to test performance across scanners and populations.      
### 58.Tracking and Visualizing Signs of Degradation for an Early Failure Prediction of a Rolling Bearing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09086.pdf)
>  Predictive maintenance, i.e. predicting failure to be few steps ahead of the fault, is one of the pillars of Industry 4.0. An effective method for that is to track early signs of degradation before a failure happens. This paper presents an innovative failure predictive scheme for machines. The proposed scheme combines the use of full spectrum of the vibration data caused by the machines and data visualization technologies. This scheme is featured by no training data required and by quick start after installation. First, we propose to use full spectrum (as high-dimensional data vector) with no cropping and no complex feature extraction and to visualize data behavior by mapping the high dimensional vectors into a 2D map. We then can ensure the simplicity of process and less possibility of overlooking of important information as well as providing a human-friendly and human-understandable output. Second, we propose Real-Time Data Tracker (RTDT) which predicts the failure at an appropriate time with sufficient time for maintenance by plotting real-time frequency spectrum data of the target machine on the 2D map composed from normal data. Third, we show the test results of our proposal using vibration data of bearings from real-world test-to-failure measurements provided by the public dataset, the IMS dataset.      
### 59.Multi-Channel Automatic Speech Recognition Using Deep Complex Unet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09081.pdf)
>  The front-end module in multi-channel automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems mainly use microphone array techniques to produce enhanced signals in noisy conditions with reverberation and echos. Recently, neural network (NN) based front-end has shown promising improvement over the conventional signal processing methods. In this paper, we propose to adopt the architecture of deep complex Unet (DCUnet) - a powerful complex-valued Unet-structured speech enhancement model - as the front-end of the multi-channel acoustic model, and integrate them in a multi-task learning (MTL) framework along with cascaded framework for comparison. Meanwhile, we investigate the proposed methods with several training strategies to improve the recognition accuracy on the 1000-hours real-world XiaoMi smart speaker data with echos. Experiments show that our proposed DCUnet-MTL method brings about 12.2% relative character error rate (CER) reduction compared with the traditional approach with array processing plus single-channel acoustic model. It also achieves superior performance than the recently proposed neural beamforming method.      
### 60.Vertical-Horizontal Structured Attention for Generating Music with Chords  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09078.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a lightweight music-generating model based on variational autoencoder (VAE) with structured attention. Generating music is different from generating text because the melodies with chords give listeners distinguished polyphonic feelings. In a piece of music, a chord consisting of multiple notes comes from either the mixture of multiple instruments or the combination of multiple keys of a single instrument. We focus our study on the latter. Our model captures not only the temporal relations along time but the structure relations between keys. Experimental results show that our model has a better performance than baseline MusicVAE in capturing notes in a chord. Besides, our method accords with music theory since it maintains the configuration of the circle of fifths, distinguishes major and minor keys from interval vectors, and manifests meaningful structures between music phrases.      
### 61.Semi-blind Channel Estimation and Data Detection for Multi-cell Massive MIMO Systems on Time-Varying Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09010.pdf)
>  We study the problem of semi-blind channel estimation and symbol detection in the uplink of multi-cell massive MIMO systems with spatially correlated time-varying channels. An algorithm based on expectation propagation (EP) is developed to iteratively approximate the joint a posteriori distribution of the unknown channel matrix and the transmitted data symbols with a distribution from an exponential family. This distribution is then used for direct estimation of the channel matrix and detection of data symbols. A modified version of the popular Kalman filtering algorithm referred to as KF-M emerges from our EP derivation and it is used to initialize the EP-based algorithm. Performance of the Kalman smoothing algorithm followed by KF-M is also examined. Simulation results demonstrate that channel estimation error and the symbol error rate (SER) of the semi-blind KF-M, KS-M, and EP-based algorithms improve with the increase in the number of base station antennas and the length of the transmitted frame. It is shown that the EP-based algorithm significantly outperforms KF-M and KS-M algorithms in channel estimation and symbol detection. Finally, our results show that when applied to time-varying channels, these algorithms outperform the algorithms that are developed for block-fading channel models.      
### 62.PassGoodPool: Joint Passengers and Goods Fleet Management with Reinforcement Learning aided Pricing, Matching, and Route Planning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.08999.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a dynamic, demand aware, and pricing-based matching and route planning framework that allows efficient pooling of multiple passengers and goods in each vehicle. This approach includes the flexibility for transferring goods through multiple hops from source to destination as well as pooling of passengers. The key components of the proposed approach include (i) Pricing by the vehicles to passengers which is based on the insertion cost, which determines the matching based on passenger's acceptance/rejection, (ii) Matching of goods to vehicles, and the multi-hop routing of goods, (iii) Route planning of the vehicles to pick. up and drop passengers and goods, (i) Dispatching idle vehicles to areas of anticipated high passenger and goods demand using Deep Reinforcement Learning, and (v) Allowing for distributed inference at each vehicle while collectively optimizing fleet objectives. Our proposed framework can be deployed independently within each vehicle as this minimizes computational costs associated with the gorwth of distributed systems and democratizes decision-making to each individual. The proposed framework is validated in a simulated environment, where we leverage realistic delivery datasets such as the New York City Taxi public dataset and Google Maps traffic data from delivery offering businesses.Simulations on a variety of vehicle types, goods, and passenger utility functions show the effectiveness of our approach as compared to baselines that do not consider combined load transportation or dynamic multi-hop route planning. Our proposed method showed improvements over the next best baseline in various aspects including a 15% increase in fleet utilization and 20% increase in average vehicle profits.      
### 63.Memory-Efficient Learning of Stable Linear Dynamical Systems for Prediction and Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2006.03937.pdf)
>  Learning a stable Linear Dynamical System (LDS) from data involves creating models that both minimize reconstruction error and enforce stability of the learned representation. We propose a novel algorithm for learning stable LDSs. Using a recent characterization of stable matrices, we present an optimization method that ensures stability at every step and iteratively improves the reconstruction error using gradient directions derived in this paper. When applied to LDSs with inputs, our approach---in contrast to current methods for learning stable LDSs---updates both the state and control matrices, expanding the solution space and allowing for models with lower reconstruction error. We apply our algorithm in simulations and experiments to a variety of problems, including learning dynamic textures from image sequences and controlling a robotic manipulator. Compared to existing approaches, our proposed method achieves an orders-of-magnitude improvement in reconstruction error and superior results in terms of control performance. In addition, it is provably more memory-efficient, with an O(n^2) space complexity compared to O(n^4) of competing alternatives, thus scaling to higher-dimensional systems when the other methods fail.      
### 64.Neuromodulation of Neuromorphic Circuits  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1805.05696.pdf)
>  We present a novel methodology to enable control of a neuromorphic circuit in close analogy with the physiological neuromodulation of a single neuron. The methodology is general in that it only relies on a parallel interconnection of elementary voltage-controlled current sources. In contrast to controlling a nonlinear circuit through the parameter tuning of a state-space model, our approach is purely input-output. The circuit elements are controlled and interconnected to shape the current-voltage characteristics (I-V curves) of the circuit in prescribed timescales. In turn, shaping those I-V curves determines the excitability properties of the circuit. We show that this methodology enables both robust and accurate control of the circuit behavior and resembles the biophysical mechanisms of neuromodulation. As a proof of concept, we simulate a SPICE model composed of MOSFET transconductance amplifiers operating in the weak inversion regime.      
### 65.Consensus of second order multi-agents with actuator saturation and asynchronous time-delays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1709.00951.pdf)
>  This article presents the consensus of a saturated second order multi-agent system with non-switching dynamics that can be represented by a directed graph. The system is affected by data processing (input delay) and communication time-delays that are assumed to be asynchronous. The agents have saturation nonlinearities, each of them is approximated into separate linear and nonlinear elements. Nonlinear elements are represented by describing functions. Describing functions and stability of linear elements are used to estimate the existence of limit cycles in the system with multiple control laws. Stability analysis of the linear element is performed using Lyapunov-Krasovskii functions and frequency domain analysis. A comparison of pros and cons of both the analyses with respect to time-delay ranges, applicability and computation complexity is presented. Simulation and corresponding hardware implementation results are demonstrated to support theoretical results.      
