# ArXiv eess --Mon, 30 Nov 2020
### 1.A new perspective on data-enabled predictive control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13868.pdf)
>  Data-enabled predictive control (DeePC) is a recently proposed approach that combines system identification, estimation and control in a single optimization problem, for which only recorded input/output data of the examined system is required. In this work we present a simple method to identify a multi-step prediction model from the same data required for DeePC. We prove that model predictive control based on this model is equivalent to DeePC in the deterministic case and that its solution has the same structure in the stochastic case. We investigate the advantages and shortcomings of DeePC as opposed to the sequential system identification and control approach for linear models with and without measurement noise. We find that DeePC adds significant complexity to the optimization problem and can also lead to deterioration in control performance for the non-deterministic case, as we illustrate with a simulation example.      
### 2.Uplink Achievable Rate Maximization for Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Aided Millimeter Wave Systems with Resolution-Adaptive ADCs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13856.pdf)
>  In this letter, we investigate the uplink of a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS)-aided millimeter-wave (mmWave) multi-user system. In the considered system, however, problems with hardware cost and power consumption arise when massive antenna arrays coupled with power-demanding analog-to-digital converters (ADCs) are employed. To account for practical hardware complexity, we consider that the access point (AP) is equipped with resolution-adaptive analog-to-digital converters (RADCs). We maximize the achievable rate under hardware constraints by jointly optimizing the ADC quantization bits, the RIS phase shifts, and the beam selection matrix. Due to the non-convexity of the feasible set and objective function, the formulated problem is non-convex and difficult to solve. To efficiently tackle this problem, a block coordinated descent (BCD)-based algorithm is proposed. Simulations demonstrate that an RIS can mitigate the hardware loss due to use of RADCs, and that the proposed BCD-based algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art algorithms.      
### 3.Near- and Far-Field Communications with Large Intelligent Surfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13835.pdf)
>  This paper studies the uplink spectral efficiency (SE) achieved by two single-antenna user equipments (UEs) communicating with a Large Intelligent Surface (LIS), defined as a planar array consisting of $N$ antennas that each has area $A$. The analysis is carried out with a deterministic line-of-sight propagation channel model that captures key fundamental aspects of the so-called geometric near-field of the array. Maximum ratio (MR) and minimum mean squared error (MMSE) combining schemes are considered. With both schemes, the signal and interference terms are numerically analyzed as a function of the position of the transmitting devices when the width/height $L = \sqrt{NA}$ of the square-shaped array grows large. The results show that an exact near-field channel model is needed to evaluate the SE whenever the distance of transmitting UEs is comparable with the LIS' dimensions. It is shown that, if $L$ grows, the UEs are eventually in the geometric near-field and the interference does not vanish. MMSE outperforms MR for an LIS of practically large size.      
### 4.Transformer-based Online Speech Recognition with Decoder-end Adaptive Computation Steps  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13834.pdf)
>  Transformer-based end-to-end (E2E) automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems have recently gained wide popularity, and are shown to outperform E2E models based on recurrent structures on a number of ASR tasks. However, like other E2E models, Transformer ASR also requires the full input sequence for calculating the attentions on both encoder and decoder, leading to increased latency and posing a challenge for online ASR. The paper proposes Decoder-end Adaptive Computation Steps (DACS) algorithm to address the issue of latency and facilitate online ASR. The proposed algorithm streams the decoding of Transformer ASR by triggering an output after the confidence acquired from the encoder states reaches a certain threshold. Unlike other monotonic attention mechanisms that risk visiting the entire encoder states for each output step, the paper introduces a maximum look-ahead step into the DACS algorithm to prevent from reaching the end of speech too fast. A Chunkwise encoder is adopted in our system to handle real-time speech inputs. The proposed online Transformer ASR system has been evaluated on Wall Street Journal (WSJ) and AIShell-1 datasets, yielding 5.5% word error rate (WER) and 7.1% character error rate (CER) respectively, with only a minor decay in performance when compared to the offline systems.      
### 5.Speed-Up Ramp-Counter ADC Using Locality Principle : A systematic analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13812.pdf)
>  This work inspects the parameters that affect the conversion rate of a ramp-counter ADC and propose two small systematical changes to reduce the time needed to complete a single analog to digital conversion by use of the locality principle point of view. System full architecture is modeled and simulated by Matlab script and the results show up to 97% reduction in conversion time for an electro-cardiograph record.      
### 6.Robust Learning Model Predictive Control for Periodically Correlated Building Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13781.pdf)
>  Accounting for more than 40\% of global energy consumption, residential and commercial buildings will be key players in any future green energy systems. To fully exploit their potential while ensuring occupant comfort, a robust control scheme is required to handle various uncertainties, such as external weather and occupant behaviour. However, prominent patterns, especially periodicity, are widely seen in most sources of uncertainty. This paper incorporates this correlated structure into the learning model predictive control framework, in order to learn a global optimal robust control scheme for building operations.      
### 7.Field Trial of a Flexible Real-time Software-defined GPU-based Optical Receiver  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13695.pdf)
>  We introduce a flexible, software-defined real-time multi-modulation format receiver implemented on an off-the-shelf general-purpose graphics processing unit (GPU). The flexible receiver is able to process 2 GBaud 2-, 4-, 8-, and 16-ary pulse-amplitude modulation (PAM) signals as well as 1 GBaud 4-, 16- and 64-ary quadrature amplitude modulation (QAM) signals, with the latter detected using a Kramers-Kronig (KK) coherent receiver. Experimental performance evaluation is shown for back-to-back. In addition, by using the JGN high speed R&amp;D network testbed, performance is evaluated after transmission over 91 km field-deployed optical fiber and reconfigurable optical add-drop multiplexers (ROADMs).      
### 8.Robust Orbital Stabilization: A Floquet Theory-based approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13674.pdf)
>  The design of robust orbitally stabilizing feedback is considered. From a known orbitally stabilizing controller for a nominal (disturbance-free) system, a robustifying feedback extensions is designed utilizing the sliding mode control (SMC) methodology. The main contribution of the paper is to provide a constructive procedure for designing the time-invariant switching function used in the SMC synthesis. More specifically, its zero-level set (the sliding manifold) is designed using a real Floquet--Lyapunov transformation as to locally correspond to an invariant subspace of the Monodromy matrix of a transverse linearization. This ensures asymptotic stability of the periodic orbit when the system is confined to the sliding manifold, despite any system uncertainties and external disturbances satisfying a matching condition. The challenging task of oscillation control of the underactuated Cart-Pendulum system subject to both matched- and unmatched disturbances/uncertainties demonstrates the efficacy of the proposed scheme.      
### 9.Drone classification from RF fingerprints using deep residual nets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13663.pdf)
>  Detecting UAVs is becoming more crucial for various industries such as airports and nuclear power plants for improving surveillance and security measures. Exploiting radio frequency (RF) based drone control and communication enables a passive way of drone detection for a wide range of environments and even without favourable line of sight (LOS) conditions. In this paper, we evaluate RF based drone classification performance of various state-of-the-art (SoA) models on a new realistic drone RF dataset. With the help of a newly proposed residual Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) model, we show that the drone RF frequency signatures can be used for effective classification. The robustness of the classifier is evaluated in a multipath environment considering varying Doppler frequencies that may be introduced from a flying drone. We also show that the model achieves better generalization capabilities under different wireless channel and drone speed scenarios. Furthermore, the newly proposed model's classification performance is evaluated on a simultaneous multi-drone scenario. The classifier achieves close to 99 % classification accuracy for signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) 0 dB and at -10 dB SNR it obtains 5 % better classification accuracy compared to the existing framework.      
### 10.Community Energy Storage Management for Welfare Optimization Using a Markov Decision Process  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13657.pdf)
>  In this paper, we address an optimal management problem of community energy storage in the real-time electricity market under a stochastic renewable environment. In a real-time electricity market, complete market information may not be assessable for a strategic participant, hence we propose a paradigm that uses partial information including the forecast of real-time prices and slopes of the aggregate supply curve to model the price impact of storage use in the price-maker storage management problem. As a price maker, the community energy storage can not only earn profits through energy arbitrage but also smooth price trajectories and further influence social welfare. We formulate the problem as a finite-horizon Markov decision process that aims to maximize the energy arbitrage and social welfare of the prosumer-based community. The advance of the management scheme is that the optimal policy has a threshold structure. The structure has an analytic form that can guide the energy storage to charge/discharge by comparing its current marginal value and the expected future marginal value. Case studies indicate that welfare-maximizing storage earns more benefits than profit-maximizing storage. The proposed threshold-based algorithm can guarantee optimality and largely decrease the computational complexity of standard stochastic dynamic programming.      
### 11.Design and Evaluation of A Cyber-Physical Resilient Power System Testbed  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13552.pdf)
>  A power system is a complex cyber-physical system whose security is critical to its function. A major challenge is to model and analyze its communication pathways with respect to cyber threats. To achieve this, the design and evaluation of a cyber-physical power system (CPPS) testbed called Resilient Energy Systems Lab (RESLab) is presented that captures realistic cyber, physical, and protection system features. RESLab is architected to be a fundamental tool for studying and improving the resilience of complex CPPS to cyber threats. The cyber network is emulated using Common Open Research Emulator (CORE) that acts as a gateway for the physical and protection devices to communicate. The physical grid is simulated in the dynamic time frame using PowerWorld Dynamic Studio (PWDS). The protection components are modeled with both PWDS and physical devices including the SEL Real-Time Automation Controller (RTAC). Distributed Network Protocol 3 (DNP3) is used to monitor and control the grid. Then, exemplifying the design and validation of these tools, this paper presents four case studies on cyber-attack and defense using RESLab, where we demonstrate false data and command injection using Man-in-the-Middle and Denial of Service attacks and validate them on a large-scale synthetic electric grid.      
### 12.Decoding PPP Corrections from BDS B2b Signals Using a Software-defined Receiver: an Initial Performance Evaluation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13539.pdf)
>  With the rapid development of China's BeiDou Navigation Satellite System(BDS), the application of real-time precise point positioning (RTPPP) based on BDS has become an active research area in the field of Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS). BDS has provided the service of broadcasting RTPPP information. It indicates that BDS has become the second satellite system that provides RTPPP services, following Galileo among the GNSS, but work based on this direction has yet to be explored. Therefore, this paper evaluates the performance of precise point positioning (PPP) service using a software-defined receiver (SDR). An experiment was carried out tu verify the feasibility of the SDR. The PPP-B2b signal was processed to obtain PPP service information, including orbit corrections, clock corrections, and differential code bias corrections. The time-varying attributes of these corrections of BDS and GPS are evaluated, and the integrity and stability of the PPP service were analyzed. The results show the PPP-B2b signal can stably provide PPP services for staellites in the Asia-Pacific region, including centimeter to decimeter-level orbit corrections and meter-level clock correction for GPS satellites. Finally, detection tip for bitream availability in SDR is proposed. Some content which is not defined in the official document, such as the PPP-B2b frame arrangement, various correction update cycles and the progress of PPP service are discussed.      
### 13.Trajectory planning for multiple autonomous underwater vehicles with safety guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13505.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the trajectory planning for multiple autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) in strong waves that can disturb the AUVs' trajectory tracking ability and cause obstacle and inter-vehicle collisions. A novel approach based on Hamilton-Jacobi differential game formulation and model predictive control is proposed to generate safety-guaranteed trajectories for AUV systems considering wave disturbance that is either time-varying state-independent or time-varying state-dependent. This approach plans safety-guaranteed trajectories for multiple AUVs and considers the shapes of AUVs, where nonlinear smooth collision avoidance constraints are obtained via strong duality.      
### 14.Real-time Distributed MPC for Multiple Underwater Vehicles with Limited Communication Data-rates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13481.pdf)
>  Controlling a fleet of autonomous underwater vehicles can be challenging due to low bandwidth communication between agents. This paper proposes to address this challenge by optimizing the quantization design of the communications between agents for use in distributed algorithms. The proposed approach considers two stages for the problem of multi-AUV control: an off-line stage where the quantization design is optimized; and an on-line stage based on a distributed model predictive control formulation and a distributed optimization algorithm with quantization. The standard properties of recursive feasibility and stability of the closed loop systems are analyzed, and simulations used to demonstrate the overall behaviour of the proposed approach.      
### 15.Joint Reconstruction and Calibration using Regularization by Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13391.pdf)
>  Regularization by denoising (RED) is a broadly applicable framework for solving inverse problems by using priors specified as denoisers. While RED has been shown to provide state-of-the-art performance in a number of applications, existing RED algorithms require exact knowledge of the measurement operator characterizing the imaging system, limiting their applicability in problems where the measurement operator has parametric uncertainties. We propose a new method, called Calibrated RED (Cal-RED), that enables joint calibration of the measurement operator along with reconstruction of the unknown image. Cal-RED extends the traditional RED methodology to imaging problems that require the calibration of the measurement operator. We validate Cal-RED on the problem of image reconstruction in computerized tomography (CT) under perturbed projection angles. Our results corroborate the effectiveness of Cal-RED for joint calibration and reconstruction using pre-trained deep denoisers as image priors.      
### 16.Optimization of the Model Predictive Control Update Interval Using Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13365.pdf)
>  In control applications there is often a compromise that needs to be made with regards to the complexity and performance of the controller and the computational resources that are available. For instance, the typical hardware platform in embedded control applications is a microcontroller with limited memory and processing power, and for battery powered applications the control system can account for a significant portion of the energy consumption. We propose a controller architecture in which the computational cost is explicitly optimized along with the control objective. This is achieved by a three-part architecture where a high-level, computationally expensive controller generates plans, which a computationally simpler controller executes by compensating for prediction errors, while a recomputation policy decides when the plan should be recomputed. In this paper, we employ model predictive control (MPC) as the high-level plan-generating controller, a linear state feedback controller as the simpler compensating controller, and reinforcement learning (RL) to learn the recomputation policy. Simulation results for two examples showcase the architecture's ability to improve upon the MPC approach and find reasonable compromises weighing the performance on the control objective and the computational resources expended.      
### 17.Input Convex Neural Networks for Building MPC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13227.pdf)
>  Model Predictive Control in buildings can significantly reduce their energy consumption. The cost and effort necessary for creating and maintaining first principle models for buildings make data-driven modelling an attractive alternative in this domain. In MPC the models form the basis for an optimization problem whose solution provides the control signals to be applied to the system. The fact that this optimization problem has to be solved repeatedly in real-time implies restrictions on the learning architectures that can be used. Here, we adapt Input Convex Neural Networks that are generally only convex for one-step predictions, for use in building MPC. We introduce additional constraints to their structure and weights to achieve a convex input-output relationship for multistep ahead predictions. We assess the consequences of the additional constraints for the model accuracy and test the models in a real-life MPC experiment in an apartment in Switzerland. In two five-day cooling experiments, MPC with Input Convex Neural Networks is able to keep room temperatures within comfort constraints while minimizing cooling energy consumption.      
### 18.A Distributed Optimization Scheme for State Estimation of Nonlinear Networks with Norm-bounded Uncertainties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13206.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the state estimation problem for a class of complex networks, in which the dynamics of each node is subject to Gaussian noise, system uncertainties and nonlinearities. Based on a regularized least-squares approach, the estimation problem is reformulated as an optimization problem, solving for a solution in a distributed way by utilizing a decoupling technique. Then, based on this solution, a class of estimators is designed to handle the system dynamics and constraints. A novel feature of this design lies in the unified modeling of uncertainties and nonlinearities, the decoupling of nodes, and the construction of recursive approximate covariance matrices for the optimization problem. Furthermore, the feasibility of the proposed estimators and the boundedness of the estimation error covariances are ensured under a developed criterion, which is easier to check than some typical estimation strategies including the linear matrix inequalities-based and the variance-constrained ones. Finally, the effectiveness of the theoretical results is verified by a numerical simulation.      
### 19.Determination of egg storage time at room temperature using a low-cost NIR spectrometer and machine learning techniques  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13185.pdf)
>  Nowadays, consumers are more concerned about freshness and quality of food. Poultry egg storage time is a freshness and quality indicator in industrial and consumer applications, even though egg marking is not always required outside the European Union. <br>Other authors have already published works using expensive laboratory equipment in order to determine the storage time and freshness in eggs. Oppositely, this paper presents a novel method based on low-cost devices for rapid and non-destructive prediction of egg storage time at room temperature ($23\pm1$°C). <br>H&amp;N brown flock with 49-week-old hens were used as source for the sampled eggs. Those samples were daily scanned with a low-cost smartphone-connected near infrared reflectance (NIR) spectrometer for a period of 22 days starting to run from the egg laid. The resulting dataset of 660 samples was randomly splitted according to a 10-fold cross validation in order to be used in a contrast and optimization process of two machine learning algorithms. During the optimization, several models were tested to develop a robust calibration model. <br>The best model use a Savitzky Golay preprocessing technique, and an Artificial Neural Network with ten neurons in one hidden layer. Regressing the storage time of the eggs, tests achieved a coefficient of determination (R-squared) of $0.8319\pm0.0377$ and a root mean squared error (RMSE) of 1.97. <br>Although further work is needed, this technique has shown industrial potential and consumer utility to determine the egg's freshness by using a low-cost spectrometer connected to a smartphone.      
### 20.Competing Advanced Process Control via an Industrial Automation Cloud Platform  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13184.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an innovative approach for the advanced control of an industrial process via an automation cloud platform. Increased digital transformation and advances in Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT) technologies make it possible for multiple vendors to compete to control an industrial process. An industrial automation cloud platform facilitates the interaction between advanced process control (APC) vendors and the process. A selector, which forms part of the platform, is used to determine the best controller for a process for any given time period. The article starts with a general overview of platform businesses, platforms aimed at industry, and the steps required to build such platforms. Issues that need to be addressed to make APC via an automation platform practically viable are discussed including what process information to provide to APC vendors, continuous evaluation of controllers even when not in control of the process, bumpless transfer, closed-loop stability, constraint handling, and platform security and trust. A case study is given of competing APCs via an industrial automation cloud platform. The process used in the study is a surge tank from a bulk tailings treatment plant, the aim of which is to keep the density of the tank out flow constant while maintaining a steady tank level. A platform facilitates the competition of three vendors for control of this process. It is shown that the cloud platform approach can provide the plant access to a superior controller without the need for directly procuring the services of an exclusive vendor.      
### 21.Saliency-based segmentation of dermoscopic images using color information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13179.pdf)
>  Skin lesion segmentation is one of the crucial steps for an efficient non-invasive computer-aided early diagnosis of melanoma. In this paper, we investigate how saliency and color information can be usefully employed to determine the lesion region. Unlike most existing saliency-based methods, to discriminate against the skin lesion from the surrounding regions we enucleate some properties related to saliency and color information and we propose a novel segmentation process using binarization coupled with new perceptual criteria based on these properties. To refine the accuracy of the proposed method, the segmentation step is preceded by a pre-processing aimed at reducing the computation burden, removing artifacts, and improving contrast. We have assessed the method on two public databases including 1497 dermoscopic images and compared its performance with that of classical saliency-based methods and with that of some more recent saliency-based methods specifically applied to dermoscopic images. Results of qualitative and quantitative evaluations of the proposed method are promising as the obtained skin lesion segmentation is accurate and the method performs satisfactorily in comparison to other existing saliency-based segmentation methods.      
### 22.Fiber as a temperature sensor with portable Correlation-OTDR as interrogator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13175.pdf)
>  In this paper, we report on the integration of a Correlation-OTDR into a portable unit (30 cm x 30 cm), based on a multi-processor system on chip (MPSoC) and a small formfactor pluggable (SFP) 2.5G transceiver. Going beyond telecommunication applications, this system is demonstrated for temperature measurements, based on the change of propagation delay with temperature in a short section of optical fiber. The temperature measurement accuracy is investigated as a function of the fiber length from 4 to 25 meters.      
### 23.A Reversed and Shift Sparse Array Scheme based on the Difference and Sum Co-array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13172.pdf)
>  The reversed and shift (RAS) sparse array scheme, which is based on the difference and sum co-array (DSCA) and remarkably enhances the capability of identifying sources, is proposed. For the original nested array (NA) or co-prime array (CPA), there exists a large overlap between its difference co-array and sum co-array, which prevents it from obtaining high degrees of freedom (DOFs). Motivated by this fact, the RAS scheme is designed for reducing the overlap while increasing the DOFs for direction of arrival (DOA) estimation. The proposed scheme is effective for both NA and CPA. The closed-form expression for the relationship between the number of physical sensors and the number of consecutive DSCA sensors is derived. Compared with some representative DSCA based sparse arrays, the proposed one can achieve longer consecutive virtual array. Simulation experiments are carried out to exhibit the enhanced DOA estimation performance of RAS scheme.      
### 24.Modelling the pulsatile flow rate and pressure response of a roller-type peristaltic pump  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13167.pdf)
>  The unique working mechanics of roller-type peristaltic pumps have allowed their applications to span a wide variety of sectors and industries. The roller-type pump's accurate dosing and hydrostatic capabilities can theoretically allow for the pump to be used for hydraulic actuation (as an electro-hydrostatic actuator) for low pressure applications. This however requires accurate control of the peristaltic pump and its flow rate. The associated pressure pulsations will also have an impact on the pump's selection criteria. Accurate control of roller-type peristaltic pumps commonly rely on flow-meters, which increases the cost of the pump and can complicate control strategies. Current modelling approaches either do not rely on first principle modelling and require expensive simulation software, or do not apply for larger Reynolds numbers at larger flow rates. The most applicable model focusses on the flow rate for each roller individually. This implies that the model requires alterations in order to accommodate pumps with varying numbers of rollers. This paper presents an alternative modelling methodology towards the volume flow rate, pulsatile flow rate qualities, and pressure pulsations commonly found on peristaltic pumps. The model instead focusses on the flow rate at the inlet and the outlet of the pump, rather than on each individual roller. This model is highly scalable and allows for varying number of rollers. The model is validated using a 3D printed peristaltic pump and pulsatile flow rate test bench. The pump is capable of accommodating roller housings with varying numbers of rollers (3 or 2) in order to validate the model.      
### 25.A New Paradigm for Water Level Regulation using Three Pond Model with Fuzzy Inference System for Run of River Hydropower Plant  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13131.pdf)
>  The energy generation of a run of river hydropower plant depends upon the flow of river and the variations in the water flow makes the energy production unreliable. This problem is usually solved by constructing a small pond in front of the run of river hydropower plant. However, changes in water level of conventional single pond model results in sags, surges and unpredictable power fluctuations. This work proposes three pond model instead of traditional single pond model. The volume of water in three ponds is volumetrically equivalent to the traditional single pond but it reduces the dependency of the run of river power plant on the flow of river. Moreover, three pond model absorbs the water surges and disturbances more efficiently. The three pond system, modeled as non-linear hydraulic three tank system, is being applied with fuzzy inference system and standard PID based methods for smooth and efficient level regulation. The results of fuzzy inference system are across-the-board improved in terms of regulation and disturbances handling as compared to conventional PID controller.      
### 26.Estimator Model for Prediction of Power Output of Wave Farms Using Machine Learning Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13130.pdf)
>  The amount of power generated by a wave farm depends on the Wave Energy Converter (WEC) arrangement along with the usual wave conditions. Therefore, forming the appropriate arrangement of WECs in an array is an important factor in maximizing power absorption. Data collected from the test sites is used to design a neural model for predicting wave farm's power output generated. This paper focuses on developing a neural model for the prediction of wave energy based on the data set derived from the four real wave scenarios from the southern coast of Australia. The applied converter model is a fully submerged three-tether converter called CETO. A precise analysis of the WEC placement is investigated to reveal the amount of power generated by the wave farms on the test site.      
### 27.Multi-QuartzNet: Multi-Resolution Convolution for Speech Recognition with Multi-Layer Feature Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13090.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an end-to-end speech recognition network based on Nvidia's previous QuartzNet model. We try to promote the model performance, and design three components: (1) Multi-Resolution Convolution Module, replaces the original 1D time-channel separable convolution with multi-stream convolutions. Each stream has a unique dilated stride on convolutional operations. (2) Channel-Wise Attention Module, calculates the attention weight of each convolutional stream by spatial channel-wise pooling. (3) Multi-Layer Feature Fusion Module, reweights each convolutional block by global multi-layer feature maps. Our experiments demonstrate that Multi-QuartzNet model achieves CER 6.77% on AISHELL-1 data set, which outperforms original QuartzNet and is close to state-of-art result.      
### 28.Event-Based Analysis of Solar Power Distribution Feeder Using Micro-PMU Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13082.pdf)
>  Solar distribution feeders are commonly used in solar farms that are integrated into distribution substations. In this paper, we focus on a real-world solar distribution feeder and conduct an event-based analysis by using micro-PMU measurements. The solar distribution feeder of interest is a behind-the-meter solar farm with a generation capacity of over 4 MW that has about 200 low-voltage distributed photovoltaic (PV) inverters. The event-based analysis in this study seeks to address the following practical matters. First, we conduct event detection by using an unsupervised machine learning approach. For each event, we determine the event's source region by an impedance-based analysis, coupled with a descriptive analytic method. We segregate the events that are caused by the solar farm, i.e., locally-induced events, versus the events that are initiated in the grid, i.e., grid-induced events, which caused a response by the solar farm. Second, for the locally-induced events, we examine the impact of solar production level and other significant parameters to make statistical conclusions. Third, for the grid-induced events, we characterize the response of the solar farm; and make comparisons with the response of an auxiliary neighboring feeder to the same events. Fourth, we scrutinize multiple specific events; such as by revealing the dynamics to the control system of the solar distribution feeder. The results and discoveries in this study are informative to utilities and solar power industry.      
### 29.VoxLingua107: a Dataset for Spoken Language Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12998.pdf)
>  This paper investigates the use of automatically collected web audio data for the task of spoken language recognition. We generate semi-random search phrases from language-specific Wikipedia data that are then used to retrieve videos from YouTube for 107 languages. Speech activity detection and speaker diarization are used to extract segments from the videos that contain speech. Post-filtering is used to remove segments from the database that are likely not in the given language, increasing the proportion of correctly labeled segments to 98%, based on crowd-sourced verification. The size of the resulting training set (VoxLingua107) is 6628 hours (62 hours per language on the average) and it is accompanied by an evaluation set of 1609 verified utterances. We use the data to build language recognition models for several spoken language identification tasks. Experiments show that using the automatically retrieved training data gives competitive results to using hand-labeled proprietary datasets. The dataset is publicly available.      
### 30.Detection of Cyber Attacks in Renewable-rich Microgrids Using Dynamic Watermarking  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12990.pdf)
>  This paper presents the first demonstration of using an active mechanism to defend renewable-rich microgrids against cyber attacks. Cyber vulnerability of the renewable-rich microgrids is identified. The defense mechanism based on dynamic watermarking is proposed for detecting cyber anomalies in microgrids. The proposed mechanism is easily implementable and it has theoretically provable performance in term of detecting cyber attacks. The effectiveness of the proposed mechanism is tested and validated in a renewable-rich microgrid.      
### 31.Real-time Active Vision for a Humanoid Soccer Robot Using Deep Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13851.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present an active vision method using a deep reinforcement learning approach for a humanoid soccer-playing robot. The proposed method adaptively optimises the viewpoint of the robot to acquire the most useful landmarks for self-localisation while keeping the ball into its viewpoint. Active vision is critical for humanoid decision-maker robots with a limited field of view. To deal with an active vision problem, several probabilistic entropy-based approaches have previously been proposed which are highly dependent on the accuracy of the self-localisation model. However, in this research, we formulate the problem as an episodic reinforcement learning problem and employ a Deep Q-learning method to solve it. The proposed network only requires the raw images of the camera to move the robot's head toward the best viewpoint. The model shows a very competitive rate of 80% success rate in achieving the best viewpoint. We implemented the proposed method on a humanoid robot simulated in Webots simulator. Our evaluations and experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the entropy-based methods in the RoboCup context, in cases with high self-localisation errors.      
### 32.Reinforcement Learning-based Joint Path and Energy Optimization of Cellular-Connected Unmanned Aerial Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13744.pdf)
>  Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) have attracted considerable research interest recently. Especially when it comes to the realm of Internet of Things, the UAVs with Internet connectivity are one of the main demands. Furthermore, the energy constraint i.e. battery limit is a bottle-neck of the UAVs that can limit their applications. We try to address and solve the energy problem. Therefore, a path planning method for a cellular-connected UAV is proposed that will enable the UAV to plan its path in an area much larger than its battery range by getting recharged in certain positions equipped with power stations (PSs). In addition to the energy constraint, there are also no-fly zones; for example, due to Air to Air (A2A) and Air to Ground (A2G) interference or for lack of necessary connectivity that impose extra constraints in the trajectory optimization of the UAV. No-fly zones determine the infeasible areas that should be avoided. We have used a reinforcement learning (RL) hierarchically to extend typical short-range path planners to consider battery recharge and solve the problem of UAVs in long missions. The problem is simulated for the UAV that flies over a large area, and Q-learning algorithm could enable the UAV to find the optimal path and recharge policy.      
### 33.Multiple Faults Estimation in Dynamical Systems: Tractable Design and Performance Bounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13730.pdf)
>  In this article we propose a {tractable} nonlinear fault isolation filter along with explicit performance bounds for a class of linear dynamical systems in the presence of additive and multiplicative faults. The proposed filter architecture combines tools from model-based approaches in the control literature and regression techniques from machine learning. To this end, we view the regression operator through a system-theoretic perspective to develop operator bounds that are then utilized to derive performance bounds for the proposed diagnosis filter. In the special case of constant faults (both additive and multiplicative), the estimation (tracking) error of the faults signal provably converges to zero with an exponential rate. The performance of the proposed diagnosis filter is validated through an application on the lateral safety systems of SAE level 4 automated vehicles. The numerical results show that the theoretical bounds of this study are indeed close to optimal and potentially tight.      
### 34.Detection of Malaria Vector Breeding Habitats using Topographic Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13714.pdf)
>  Treatment of stagnant water bodies that act as a breeding site for malarial vectors is a fundamental step in most malaria elimination campaigns. However, identification of such water bodies over large areas is expensive, labour-intensive and time-consuming and hence, challenging in countries with limited resources. Practical models that can efficiently locate water bodies can target the limited resources by greatly reducing the area that needs to be scanned by the field workers. To this end, we propose a practical topographic model based on easily available, global, high-resolution DEM data to predict locations of potential vector-breeding water sites. We surveyed the Obuasi region of Ghana to assess the impact of various topographic features on different types of water bodies and uncover the features that significantly influence the formation of aquatic habitats. We further evaluate the effectiveness of multiple models. Our best model significantly outperforms earlier attempts that employ topographic variables for detection of small water sites, even the ones that utilize additional satellite imagery data and demonstrates robustness across different settings.      
### 35.Turnpike Properties in Optimal Control: An Overview of Discrete-Time and Continuous-Time Results  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13670.pdf)
>  The turnpike property refers to the phenomenon that in many optimal control problems, the solutions for different initial conditions and varying horizons approach a neighborhood of a specific steady state, then stay in this neighborhood for the major part of the time horizon, until they may finally depart. While early observations of the phenomenon can be traced back to works of Ramsey and von Neumann on problems in economics in 1928 and 1938, the turnpike property received continuous interest in economics since the 1960s and recent interest in systems and control. The present chapter provides an introductory overview of discrete-time and continuous-time results in finite and infinite-dimensions. We comment on dissipativity-based approaches and infinite-horizon results, which enable the exploitation of turnpike properties for the numerical solution of problems with long and infinite horizons. After drawing upon numerical examples, the chapter concludes with an outlook on time-varying, discounted, and open problems.      
### 36.Optimal Planning of Integrated Heat and Electricity Systems: a Tightening McCormick Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13652.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose a convex planning model of integrated heat and electricity systems considering variable mass flow rates. The main challenge comes from the non-convexity of the bilinear terms in the district heating network, i.e., the product of mass flow rate and nodal temperature. To resolve this issue, we first reformulate the district heating network model through equivalent transformation and variable substitution. It shows that the reformulated model has only one set of nonconvex constraints with reduced bilinear terms and the others are linear constraints. Such a reformulation not only guarantees the optimality but fastens the solving process. To relax the remaining bilinear constraints, we apply McCormick envelopes and further propose a heuristic tightening method to constrict the bounds of the McCormick approach and get a nearby feasible solution. Case studies show that the tightening McCormick method quickly solves the heat-electricity planning problem with acceptable feasibility check and optimality.      
### 37.Numerical and experimental study of tonal noise sources at the outlet of an isolated centrifugal fan  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13645.pdf)
>  In this study, tonal noise produced by an isolated centrifugal fan is investigated using unsteady Reynolds-averaged Navier-Stokes (URANS) equations. This type of fans is used in ventilation systems. As the fan propagates tonal noise in the system, it can severely affect the life quality of people that reside in the buildings. Our simulation shows that turbulence kinetic energy (TKE) is unevenly distributed around the rotation axis. Large TKE exists near the shroud at the pressure sides of the blades. It is caused by the recirculating flow. Moreover, the position of the largest TKE periodically varies among the blades. The period corresponds to approximately 4 times the fan rotation period, it was also found in acoustic measurements. The magnitude of the tonal noise at the blade passing frequencies agrees well with experimental data. By analyzing the wall-pressure fluctuations, it is found that the recirculating flow regions with large TKE are dominant sources of the tonal noise.      
### 38.High-Throughput Parallel Viterbi Decoder on GPU Tensor Cores  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13579.pdf)
>  Many research works have been performed on implementation of Vitrerbi decoding algorithm on GPU instead of FPGA because this platform provides considerable flexibility in addition to great performance. Recently, the recently-introduced Tensor cores in modern GPU architectures provide incredible computing capability. This paper proposes a novel parallel implementation of Viterbi decoding algorithm based on Tensor cores in modern GPU architectures. The proposed parallel algorithm is optimized to efficiently utilize the computing power of Tensor cores. Experiments show considerable throughput improvements in comparison with previous works.      
### 39.Low-Complexity Frequency Domain Equalization over Fast Fading Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13561.pdf)
>  Wireless communications over fast fading channels are challenging, requiring either frequent channel tracking or complicated signaling schemes such as orthogonal time frequency space (OTFS) modulation. In this paper, we propose low-complexity frequency domain equalizations to combat fast fading, based on novel discrete delay-time and frequency-Doppler channel models. Exploiting the circular stripe diagonal nature of the frequency-Doppler channel matrix, we introduce low-complexity frequency domain minimum mean square error (MMSE) equalization for OTFS systems with fully resolvable Doppler spreads. We also demonstrate that the proposed MMSE equalization is applicable to conventional orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) and single carrier frequency domain equalization (SC-FDE) systems with short signal frames and partially resolvable Doppler spreads. After generalizing the input-output data symbol relationship, we analyze the equalization performance via channel matrix eigenvalue decomposition and derive a closed-form expression for the theoretical bit-error-rate. Simulation results for OTFS, OFDM, and SC-FDE modulations verify that the proposed low-complexity frequency domain equalization methods can effectively exploit the time diversity over fast fading channels. Even with partially resolvable Doppler spread, the conventional SC-FDE can achieve performance close to OTFS, especially in fast fading channels with a dominating line-of-sight path.      
### 40.Fast IR Drop Estimation with Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13491.pdf)
>  IR drop constraint is a fundamental requirement enforced in almost all chip designs. However, its evaluation takes a long time, and mitigation techniques for fixing violations may require numerous iterations. As such, fast and accurate IR drop prediction becomes critical for reducing design turnaround time. Recently, machine learning (ML) techniques have been actively studied for fast IR drop estimation due to their promise and success in many fields. These studies target at various design stages with different emphasis, and accordingly, different ML algorithms are adopted and customized. This paper provides a review to the latest progress in ML-based IR drop estimation techniques. It also serves as a vehicle for discussing some general challenges faced by ML applications in electronics design automation (EDA), and demonstrating how to integrate ML models with conventional techniques for the better efficiency of EDA tools.      
### 41.Exploring grid topology reconfiguration using a simple deep reinforcement learning approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13465.pdf)
>  System operators are faced with increasingly volatile operating conditions. In order to manage system reliability in a cost-effective manner, control room operators are turning to computerised decision support tools based on AI and machine learning. Specifically, Reinforcement Learning (RL) is a promising technique to train agents that suggest grid control actions to operators. In this paper, a simple baseline approach is presented using RL to represent an artificial control room operator that can operate a IEEE 14-bus test case for a duration of 1 week. This agent takes topological switching actions to control power flows on the grid, and is trained on only a single well-chosen scenario. The behaviour of this agent is tested on different time-series of generation and demand, demonstrating its ability to operate the grid successfully in 965 out of 1000 scenarios. The type and variability of topologies suggested by the agent are analysed across the test scenarios, demonstrating efficient and diverse agent behaviour.      
### 42.Towards Movement Generation with Audio Features  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13453.pdf)
>  Sound and movement are closely coupled, particularly in dance. Certain audio features have been found to affect the way we move to music. Is this relationship between sound and movement something which can be modelled using machine learning? This work presents initial experiments wherein high-level audio features calculated from a set of music pieces are included in a movement generation model trained on motion capture recordings of improvised dance. Our results indicate that the model learns to generate realistic dance movements which vary depending on the audio features.      
### 43.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Speech Recognition via Uncertainty Driven Self-Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13439.pdf)
>  The performance of automatic speech recognition (ASR) systems typically degrades significantly when the training and test data domains are mismatched. In this paper, we show that self-training (ST) combined with an uncertainty-based pseudo-label filtering approach can be effectively used for domain adaptation. We propose DUST, a dropout-based uncertainty-driven self-training technique which uses agreement between multiple predictions of an ASR system obtained for different dropout settings to measure the model's uncertainty about its prediction. DUST excludes pseudo-labeled data with high uncertainties from the training, which leads to substantially improved ASR results compared to ST without filtering, and accelerates the training time due to a reduced training data set. Domain adaptation experiments using WSJ as a source domain and TED-LIUM 3 as well as SWITCHBOARD as the target domains show that up to 80% of the performance of a system trained on ground-truth data can be recovered.      
### 44.Distributed Optimisation With Communication Delays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13419.pdf)
>  This paper discusses distributed optimization over a directed graph. We begin with some well known algorithms which achieve consensus among agents including FROST [1], which possesses the quickest convergence to the optimum. It is a well known fact FROST has a linear convergence. However FROST works only over fixed topology of underlying network. Moreover the updates proposed therein require perfectly synchronized communication among nodes. Hence communication delays among nodes, which are inevitable in a realistic scenario, preclude the possibility of implementing FROST in real time. In this paper we introduce a co-operative control strategy which makes convergence to optimum robust to communication delays.      
### 45.Improving RNN Transducer With Target Speaker Extraction and Neural Uncertainty Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13393.pdf)
>  Target-speaker speech recognition aims to recognize target-speaker speech from noisy environments with background noise and interfering speakers. This work presents a joint framework that combines time-domain target-speaker speech extraction and Recurrent Neural Network Transducer (RNN-T). To stabilize the joint-training, we propose a multi-stage training strategy that pre-trains and fine-tunes each module in the system before joint-training. Meanwhile, speaker identity and speech enhancement uncertainty measures are proposed to compensate for residual noise and artifacts from the target speech extraction module. Compared to a recognizer fine-tuned with a target speech extraction model, our experiments show that adding the neural uncertainty module significantly reduces 17% relative Character Error Rate (CER) on multi-speaker signals with background noise. The multi-condition experiments indicate that our method can achieve 9% relative performance gain in the noisy condition while maintaining the performance in the clean condition.      
### 46.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface (RIS) Aided Multi-User Networks: Interplay Between NOMA and RIS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13336.pdf)
>  This article focuses on the exploitation of reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) in multi-user networks employing orthogonal multiple access (OMA) or non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA), with an emphasis on investigating the interplay between NOMA and RIS. Depending on whether the RIS reflection coefficients can be adjusted only once or multiple times during one transmission, we distinguish between static and dynamic RIS configurations. In particular, the capacity region of RIS aided single-antenna NOMA networks is characterized and compared with the OMA rate region from an information-theoretic perspective, revealing that the dynamic RIS configuration is capacity-achieving. Then, the impact of the RIS deployment location on the performance of different multiple access schemes is investigated, which reveals that asymmetric and symmetric deployment strategies are preferable for NOMA and OMA, respectively. Furthermore, for RIS aided multiple-antenna NOMA networks, three novel joint active and passive beamformer designs are proposed based on both beamformer based and cluster based strategies. Finally, open research problems for RIS-NOMA networks are highlighted.      
### 47.Learning from Simulation, Racing in Reality  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13332.pdf)
>  We present a reinforcement learning-based solution to autonomously race on a miniature race car platform. We show that a policy that is trained purely in simulation using a relatively simple vehicle model, including model randomization, can be successfully transferred to the real robotic setup. We achieve this by using novel policy output regularization approach and a lifted action space which enables smooth actions but still aggressive race car driving. We show that this regularized policy does outperform the Soft Actor Critic (SAC) baseline method, both in simulation and on the real car, but it is still outperformed by a Model Predictive Controller (MPC) state of the art method. The refinement of the policy with three hours of real-world interaction data allows the reinforcement learning policy to achieve lap times similar to the MPC controller while reducing track constraint violations by 50%.      
### 48.Virufy: Global Applicability of Crowdsourced and Clinical Datasets for AI Detection of COVID-19 from Cough  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13320.pdf)
>  Rapid and affordable methods of testing for COVID-19 infection are essential to manage infection rates and prevent medical facilities from becoming overwhelmed. This study demonstrates that crowdsourced cough audio samples acquired on smartphones across the world and paired with COVID-19 status labels can be used to develop an AI algorithm that accurately predicts COVID-19 infection with an ROC-AUC of 77.1% (75.2%-78.3%). Furthermore, this AI algorithm is able to generalize to crowdsourced samples from Latin America and clinical samples from South Asia, without further training using the specific samples. As more crowdsourced data is collected, further development can be implemented using various respiratory audio samples to create a cough analysis-based AI solution for COVID-19 detection that can likely generalize globally to all demographic groups in both clinical and non-clinical settings.      
### 49.Polarization-driven Semantic Segmentation via Efficient Attention-bridged Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13313.pdf)
>  Semantic Segmentation (SS) is promising for outdoor scene perception in safety-critical applications like autonomous vehicles, assisted navigation and so on. However, traditional SS is primarily based on RGB images, which limits the reliability of SS in complex outdoor scenes, where RGB images lack necessary information dimensions to fully perceive unconstrained environments. As preliminary investigation, we examine SS in an unexpected obstacle detection scenario, which demonstrates the necessity of multimodal fusion. Thereby, in this work, we present EAFNet, an Efficient Attention-bridged Fusion Network to exploit complementary information coming from different optical sensors. Specifically, we incorporate polarization sensing to obtain supplementary information, considering its optical characteristics for robust representation of diverse materials. By using a single-shot polarization sensor, we build the first RGB-P dataset which consists of 394 annotated pixel-aligned RGB-Polarization images. A comprehensive variety of experiments shows the effectiveness of EAFNet to fuse polarization and RGB information, as well as the flexibility to be adapted to other sensor combination scenarios.      
### 50.Immersion-based model predictive control of constrained nonlinear systems: Polyflow approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13255.pdf)
>  In the framework of Model Predictive Control (MPC), the control input is typically computed by solving optimization problems repeatedly online. For general nonlinear systems, the online optimization problems are non-convex and computationally expensive or even intractable. In this paper, we propose to circumvent this issue by computing a high-dimensional linear embedding of discrete-time nonlinear systems. The computation relies on an algebraic condition related to the immersibility property of nonlinear systems and can be implemented offline. With the high-dimensional linear model, we then define and solve a convex online MPC problem. We also provide an interpretation of our approach under the Koopman operator framework.      
### 51.MultiStar: Instance Segmentation of Overlapping Objects with Star-Convex Polygons  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13228.pdf)
>  Instance segmentation of overlapping objects in biomedical images remains a largely unsolved problem. We take up this challenge and present MultiStar, an extension to the popular instance segmentation method StarDist. The key novelty of our method is that we identify pixels at which objects overlap and use this information to improve proposal sampling and to avoid suppressing proposals of truly overlapping objects. This allows us to apply the ideas of StarDist to images with overlapping objects, while incurring only a small overhead compared to the established method. MultiStar shows promising results on two datasets and has the advantage of using a simple and easy to train network architecture.      
### 52.t-EVA: Time-Efficient t-SNE Video Annotation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13202.pdf)
>  Video understanding has received more attention in the past few years due to the availability of several large-scale video datasets. However, annotating large-scale video datasets are cost-intensive. In this work, we propose a time-efficient video annotation method using spatio-temporal feature similarity and t-SNE dimensionality reduction to speed up the annotation process massively. Placing the same actions from different videos near each other in the two-dimensional space based on feature similarity helps the annotator to group-label video clips. We evaluate our method on two subsets of the ActivityNet (v1.3) and a subset of the Sports-1M dataset. We show that t-EVA can outperform other video annotation tools while maintaining test accuracy on video classification.      
### 53.True-data Testbed for 5G/B5G Intelligent Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13152.pdf)
>  Future beyond fifth-generation (B5G) and sixth-generation (6G) mobile communications will shift from facilitating interpersonal communications to supporting Internet of Everything (IoE), where intelligent communications with full integration of big data and artificial intelligence (AI) will play an important role in improving network efficiency and providing high-quality service. As a rapid evolving paradigm, the AI-empowered mobile communications demand large amounts of data acquired from real network environment for systematic test and verification. Hence, we build the world's first true-data testbed for 5G/B5G intelligent network (TTIN), which comprises 5G/B5G on-site experimental networks, data acquisition &amp; data warehouse, and AI engine &amp; network optimization. In the TTIN, true network data acquisition, storage, standardization, and analysis are available, which enable system-level online verification of B5G/6G-orientated key technologies and support data-driven network optimization through the closed-loop control mechanism. This paper elaborates on the system architecture and module design of TTIN. Detailed technical specifications and some of the established use cases are also showcased.      
### 54.Streaming end-to-end multi-talker speech recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13148.pdf)
>  End-to-end multi-talker speech recognition is an emerging research trend in the speech community due to its vast potential in applications such as conversation and meeting transcriptions. To the best of our knowledge, all existing research works are constrained in the offline scenario. In this work, we propose the Streaming Unmixing and Recognition Transducer (SURT) for end-to-end multi-talker speech recognition. Our model employs the Recurrent Neural Network Transducer as the backbone that can meet various latency constraints. We study two different model architectures that are based on a speaker-differentiator encoder and a mask encoder respectively. To train this model, we investigate the widely used Permutation Invariant Training (PIT) approach and the recently introduced Heuristic Error Assignment Training (HEAT) approach. Based on experiments on the publicly available LibriSpeechMix dataset, we show that HEAT can achieve better accuracy compared with PIT, and the SURT model with 120 milliseconds algorithmic latency constraint compares favorably with the offline sequence-to-sequence based baseline model in terms of accuracy.      
### 55.Real-time error correction and performance aid for MIDI instruments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13122.pdf)
>  Making a slight mistake during live music performance can easily be spotted by an astute listener, even if the performance is an improvisation or an unfamiliar piece. An example might be a highly dissonant chord played by mistake in a classical-era sonata, or a sudden off-key note in a recurring motif. The problem of identifying and correcting such errors can be approached with artificial intelligence -- if a trained human can easily do it, maybe a computer can be trained to spot the errors quickly and just as accurately. The ability to identify and auto-correct errors in real-time would be not only extremely useful to performing musicians, but also a valuable asset for producers, allowing much fewer overdubs and re-recording of takes due to small imperfections. This paper examines state-of-the-art solutions to related problems and explores novel solutions for music error detection and correction, focusing on their real-time applicability. The explored approaches consider error detection through music context and theory, as well as supervised learning models with no predefined musical information or rules, trained on appropriate datasets. Focusing purely on correcting musical errors, the presented solutions operate on a high-level representation of the audio (MIDI) instead of the raw audio domain, taking input from an electronic instrument (MIDI keyboard/piano) and altering it when needed before it is sent to the sampler. This work proposes multiple general recurrent neural network designs for real-time error correction and performance aid for MIDI instruments, discusses the results, limitations, and possible future improvements. It also emphasizes on making the research results easily accessible to the end user - music enthusiasts, producers and performers -- by using the latest artificial intelligence platforms and tools.      
### 56.Advances in Crystallographic Image Processing for Scanning Probe Microscopy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13102.pdf)
>  This book chapter reviews progress in crystallographic image processing (CIP) for scanning probe microscopy (SPM) that has occurred since our description of the technique was first put into open access in this book series in the year 2010. The signal to noise ratio in all kinds of experimental images of more or less regular 2D periodic arrays is significantly enhanced by CIP and the technique is independent of the type of recording device. In the SPM imaging context, CIP can be understood as an a posteriori sharpening of the effective experimental scanning probe tip by computational means. It is now possible to remove multiple scanning probe mini-tip effects in images from 2D periodic arrays of physical objects that either self-assembled or were created artificially. Accepted within the scientific community is by now also the fact that SPM tips can change their shape and fine structure during the operation of a microscope and, thereby, obfuscate the recorded images in systematic ways. CIP restores much of the smeared out information in such images. The adaptation of a geometric Akaike Information Criterion from the robotics and computer vision community to the unambiguous detection of 2D translation symmetries enabled much of our recent progress. In the main body of this book chapter, we discuss this adaptation and briefly illustrate its utility on an example.      
### 57.Regret Bounds for Adaptive Nonlinear Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13101.pdf)
>  We study the problem of adaptively controlling a known discrete-time nonlinear system subject to unmodeled disturbances. We prove the first finite-time regret bounds for adaptive nonlinear control with matched uncertainty in the stochastic setting, showing that the regret suffered by certainty equivalence adaptive control, compared to an oracle controller with perfect knowledge of the unmodeled disturbances, is upper bounded by $\widetilde{O}(\sqrt{T})$ in expectation. Furthermore, we show that when the input is subject to a $k$ timestep delay, the regret degrades to $\widetilde{O}(k \sqrt{T})$. Our analysis draws connections between classical stability notions in nonlinear control theory (Lyapunov stability and contraction theory) and modern regret analysis from online convex optimization. The use of stability theory allows us to analyze the challenging infinite-horizon single trajectory setting.      
### 58.An Autonomous Driving Framework for Long-term Decision-making and Short-term Trajectory Planning on Frenet Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13099.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present a hierarchical framework for decision-making and planning on highway driving tasks. We utilized intelligent driving models (IDM and MOBIL) to generate long-term decisions based on the traffic situation flowing around the ego. The decisions both maximize ego performance while respecting other vehicles' objectives. Short-term trajectory optimization is performed on the Frenet space to make the calculations invariant to the road's three-dimensional curvatures. A novel obstacle avoidance approach is introduced on the Frenet frame for the moving obstacles. The optimization explores the driving corridors to generate spatiotemporal polynomial trajectories to navigate through the traffic safely and obey the BP commands. The framework also introduces a heuristic supervisor that identifies unexpected situations and recalculates each module in case of a potential emergency. Experiments in CARLA simulation have shown the potential and the scalability of the framework in implementing various driving styles that match human behavior.      
### 59.An End-to-end Deep Reinforcement Learning Approach for the Long-term Short-term Planning on the Frenet Space  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13098.pdf)
>  Tactical decision making and strategic motion planning for autonomous highway driving are challenging due to the complication of predicting other road users' behaviors, diversity of environments, and complexity of the traffic interactions. This paper presents a novel end-to-end continuous deep reinforcement learning approach towards autonomous cars' decision-making and motion planning. For the first time, we define both states and action spaces on the Frenet space to make the driving behavior less variant to the road curvatures than the surrounding actors' dynamics and traffic interactions. The agent receives time-series data of past trajectories of the surrounding vehicles and applies convolutional neural networks along the time channels to extract features in the backbone. The algorithm generates continuous spatiotemporal trajectories on the Frenet frame for the feedback controller to track. Extensive high-fidelity highway simulations on CARLA show the superiority of the presented approach compared with commonly used baselines and discrete reinforcement learning on various traffic scenarios. Furthermore, the proposed method's advantage is confirmed with a more comprehensive performance evaluation against 1000 randomly generated test scenarios.      
### 60.Automatic Detection of Cardiac Chambers Using an Attention-based YOLOv4 Framework from Four-chamber View of Fetal Echocardiography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13096.pdf)
>  Echocardiography is a powerful prenatal examination tool for early diagnosis of fetal congenital heart diseases (CHDs). The four-chamber (FC) view is a crucial and easily accessible ultrasound (US) image among echocardiography images. Automatic analysis of FC views contributes significantly to the early diagnosis of CHDs. The first step to automatically analyze fetal FC views is locating the fetal four crucial chambers of heart in a US image. However, it is a greatly challenging task due to several key factors, such as numerous speckles in US images, the fetal cardiac chambers with small size and unfixed positions, and category indistinction caused by the similarity of cardiac chambers. These factors hinder the process of capturing robust and discriminative features, hence destroying fetal cardiac anatomical chambers precise localization. Therefore, we first propose a multistage residual hybrid attention module (MRHAM) to improve the feature learning. Then, we present an improved YOLOv4 detection model, namely MRHAM-YOLOv4-Slim. Specially, the residual identity mapping is replaced with the MRHAM in the backbone of MRHAM-YOLOv4-Slim, accurately locating the four important chambers in fetal FC views. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed method outperforms current state-of-the-art, including the precision of 0.890, the recall of 0.920, the F1 score of 0.907 and the mAP of 0.913.      
### 61.Advancing diagnostic performance and clinical usability of neural networks via adversarial training and dual batch normalization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13011.pdf)
>  Unmasking the decision-making process of machine learning models is essential for implementing diagnostic support systems in clinical practice. Here, we demonstrate that adversarially trained models can significantly enhance the usability of pathology detection as compared to their standard counterparts. We let six experienced radiologists rate the interpretability of saliency maps in datasets of X-rays, computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging scans. Significant improvements were found for our adversarial models, which could be further improved by the application of dual batch normalization. Contrary to previous research on adversarially trained models, we found that the accuracy of such models was equal to standard models when sufficiently large datasets and dual batch norm training were used. To ensure transferability, we additionally validated our results on an external test set of 22,433 X-rays. These findings elucidate that different paths for adversarial and real images are needed during training to achieve state of the art results with superior clinical interpretability.      
### 62.PREDATOR: Registration of 3D Point Clouds with Low Overlap  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13005.pdf)
>  We introduce PREDATOR, a model for pairwise point-cloud registration with deep attention to the overlap region. Different from previous work, our model is specifically designed to handle (also) point-cloud pairs with low overlap. Its key novelty is an overlap-attention block for early information exchange between the latent encodings of the two point clouds. In this way the subsequent decoding of the latent representations into per-point features is conditioned on the respective other point cloud, and thus can predict which points are not only salient, but also lie in the overlap region between the two point clouds. The ability to focus on points that are relevant for matching greatly improves performance: PREDATOR raises the rate of successful registrations by more than 20% in the low-overlap scenario, and also sets a new state of the art for the 3DMatch benchmark with 89% registration recall. Source code and pre-trained models will be available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ShengyuH/OverlapPredator" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 63.Learning to dance: A graph convolutional adversarial network to generate realistic dance motions from audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12999.pdf)
>  Synthesizing human motion through learning techniques is becoming an increasingly popular approach to alleviating the requirement of new data capture to produce animations. Learning to move naturally from music, i.e., to dance, is one of the more complex motions humans often perform effortlessly. Each dance movement is unique, yet such movements maintain the core characteristics of the dance style. Most approaches addressing this problem with classical convolutional and recursive neural models undergo training and variability issues due to the non-Euclidean geometry of the motion manifold <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://structure.In" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> this paper, we design a novel method based on graph convolutional networks to tackle the problem of automatic dance generation from audio information. Our method uses an adversarial learning scheme conditioned on the input music audios to create natural motions preserving the key movements of different music styles. We evaluate our method with three quantitative metrics of generative methods and a user study. The results suggest that the proposed GCN model outperforms the state-of-the-art dance generation method conditioned on music in different experiments. Moreover, our graph-convolutional approach is simpler, easier to be trained, and capable of generating more realistic motion styles regarding qualitative and different quantitative metrics. It also presented a visual movement perceptual quality comparable to real motion data.      
### 64.FBWave: Efficient and Scalable Neural Vocoders for Streaming Text-To-Speech on the Edge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12985.pdf)
>  Nowadays more and more applications can benefit from edge-based text-to-speech (TTS). However, most existing TTS models are too computationally expensive and are not flexible enough to be deployed on the diverse variety of edge devices with their equally diverse computational capacities. To address this, we propose FBWave, a family of efficient and scalable neural vocoders that can achieve optimal performance-efficiency trade-offs for different edge devices. FBWave is a hybrid flow-based generative model that combines the advantages of autoregressive and non-autoregressive models. It produces high quality audio and supports streaming during inference while remaining highly computationally efficient. Our experiments show that FBWave can achieve similar audio quality to WaveRNN while reducing MACs by 40x. More efficient variants of FBWave can achieve up to 109x fewer MACs while still delivering acceptable audio quality. Audio demos are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://bichenwu09.github.io/vocoder_demos" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 65.Reinforcement Learning for Robust Missile Autopilot Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.12956.pdf)
>  Designing missiles' autopilot controllers has been a complex task, given the extensive flight envelope and the nonlinear flight dynamics. A solution that can excel both in nominal performance and in robustness to uncertainties is still to be found. While Control Theory often debouches into parameters' scheduling procedures, Reinforcement Learning has presented interesting results in ever more complex tasks, going from videogames to robotic tasks with continuous action domains. However, it still lacks clearer insights on how to find adequate reward functions and exploration strategies. To the best of our knowledge, this work is pioneer in proposing Reinforcement Learning as a framework for flight control. In fact, it aims at training a model-free agent that can control the longitudinal flight of a missile, achieving optimal performance and robustness to uncertainties. To that end, under TRPO's methodology, the collected experience is augmented according to HER, stored in a replay buffer and sampled according to its significance. Not only does this work enhance the concept of prioritized experience replay into BPER, but it also reformulates HER, activating them both only when the training progress converges to suboptimal policies, in what is proposed as the SER methodology. Besides, the Reward Engineering process is carefully detailed. The results show that it is possible both to achieve the optimal performance and to improve the agent's robustness to uncertainties (with low damage on nominal performance) by further training it in non-nominal environments, therefore validating the proposed approach and encouraging future research in this field.      
