# ArXiv eess --Mon, 9 Nov 2020
### 1.SigNet: An Advanced Deep Learning Framework for Radio Signal Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03525.pdf)
>  Deep learning methods achieve great success in many areas due to their powerful feature extraction capabilities and end-to-end training mechanism, and recently they are also introduced for radio signal modulation classification. In this paper, we propose a novel deep learning framework called SigNet, where a signal-to-matrix (S2M) operator is adopted to convert the original signal into a square matrix first and is co-trained with a follow-up CNN architecture for classification. This model is further accelerated by integrating 1D convolution operators, leading to the upgraded model SigNet2.0. The experiments on two signal datasets show that both SigNet and SigNet2.0 outperform a number of well-known baselines, achieving the state-of-the-art performance. Notably, they obtain significantly higher accuracy than 1D-ResNet and 2D-CNN (at most increasing 70.5\%), while much faster than LSTM (at most saving 88.0\% training time). More interestingly, our proposed models behave extremely well in few-shot learning when a small training data set is provided. They can achieve a relatively high accuracy even when 1\% training data are kept, while other baseline models may lose their effectiveness much more quickly as the datasets get smaller. Such result suggests that SigNet/SigNet2.0 could be extremely useful in the situations where labeled signal data are difficult to obtain.      
### 2.Turbo-AI: Iterative Machine Learning Based Channel Estimation for 2D Massive Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03521.pdf)
>  Recently, Machine Learning (ML) is recognized as an effective tool for wireless communications and plays an evolutionary role to enhance Physical Layer (PHY) of 5th Generation (5G) and Beyond 5G (B5G) systems. In this paper, we focus on the ML-based channel estimation for 2- Dimensional (2D) massive antenna arrays. Due to the extremely high computational requirement for 2D arrays with Ordinary Training, we exploit 2D Kronecker covariance model to perform Subspace Training for vertical and horizontal spatial domain independently, which achieves a complexity cost saving factor $O(M^4N^4)/O(MN^4 + NM^4)$ for ML with an $M \times N$ 2D array. Furthermore, we propose an iterative training approach, referred to as Turbo-AI. Along with Subspace Training, the new approach can monotonically reduce the effective variance of additive noise of the observation, and update the Neural Network (NN) models by re-training. Furthermore, we propose a concept, named Universal Training. It allows to use one NN for a wide range of Signal-to-Noise-Ratio (SNR) operation points and spatial angles, which can greatly simplify Turbo-AI usage. Numerical results exhibit that Turbo-AI can tightly approach the genie-aided channel estimation bound, especially at low SNR.      
### 3.A Data-Driven Machine Learning Approach for Consumer Modeling with Load Disaggregation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03519.pdf)
>  While non-parametric models, such as neural networks, are sufficient in the load forecasting, separate estimates of fixed and shiftable loads are beneficial to a wide range of applications such as distribution system operational planning, load scheduling, energy trading, and utility demand response programs. A semi-parametric estimation model is usually required, where cost sensitivities of demands must be known. Existing research work consistently uses somewhat arbitrary parameters that seem to work best. In this paper, we propose a generic class of data-driven semiparametric models derived from consumption data of residential consumers. A two-stage machine learning approach is developed. In the first stage, disaggregation of the load into fixed and shiftable components is accomplished by means of a hybrid algorithm consisting of non-negative matrix factorization (NMF) and Gaussian mixture models (GMM), with the latter trained by an expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm. The fixed and shiftable loads are subject to analytic treatment with economic considerations. In the second stage, the model parameters are estimated using an L2-norm, epsilon-insensitive regression approach. Actual energy usage data of two residential customers show the validity of the proposed method.      
### 4.Linear Parameter-Varying Embedding of Nonlinear Models with Reduced Conservativeness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03496.pdf)
>  In this paper, a systematic approach is developed to embed the dynamical description of a nonlinear system into a linear parameter-varying (LPV) system representation. Initially, the nonlinear functions in the model representation are approximated using multivariate polynomial regression. Taking into account the residuals of the approximation as the potential scheduling parameters, a principle component analysis (PCA) is conducted to introduce a limited set of auxiliary scheduling parameters in coping with the trade-o? between model accuracy and complexity. In this way, LPV embedding of the nonlinear systems and scheduling variable selection are jointly performed such that a good trade-o? between complexity and conservativeness can be found. The developed LPV model depends polynomially on some of the state variables and affinely on the introduced auxiliary scheduling variables, which all together comprise the overall scheduling vector. The methodology is applied to a two-degree of freedom (2-DOf) robotic manipulator in addition to an academic example to reveal the effectiveness of the proposed method and to show the merits of the presented approach compared with some available results in the literature.      
### 5.A real-time noise cancelling EEG electrode employing Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03466.pdf)
>  Two major problems of head worn electroencephalogram (EEG) are muscle and eye-blink artefacts, in particular in non-clinical environments while performing everyday tasks. Current artefact removal techniques such as principle component analysis (PCA) or independent component analysis (ICA) take signals from a high number of electrodes and separate the noise from the signal by processing them offline in a computationally expensive and slow way. In contrast, we present a smart compound electrode which is able to learn in real-time to remove artefacts. The smart 3D printed electrode consists of a central electrode and a ring electrode where poly-lactate acid (PLA) was used for the the base and Ag/AgCl for the conductive parts allowing standard manufacturing processes. A new deep learning algorithm then learns continuously to remove both eye-blink and muscle artefacts which combines the real-time capabilities of adaptive filters with the power of deep neural networks. The electrode setup together with the deep learning algorithm increases the signal to noise ratio of the EEG in average by 20 dB. Our approach offers a simple 3D printed design in combination with a real-time algorithm which can be integrated into the electrode itself. This electrode has the potential to provide high quality EEG in non-clinical and consumer applications, such as sleep monitoring and brain-computer interface (BCI).      
### 6.A Comprehensive Comparison of Multi-Dimensional Image Denoising Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03462.pdf)
>  Filtering multi-dimensional images such as color images, color videos, multispectral images and magnetic resonance images is challenging in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. Leveraging the nonlocal self-similarity (NLSS) characteristic of images and sparse representation in the transform domain, the block-matching and 3D filtering (BM3D) based methods show powerful denoising performance. Recently, numerous new approaches with different regularization terms, transforms and advanced deep neural network (DNN) architectures are proposed to improve denoising quality. In this paper, we extensively compare over 60 methods on both synthetic and real-world datasets. We also introduce a new color image and video dataset for benchmarking, and our evaluations are performed from four different perspectives including quantitative metrics, visual effects, human ratings and computational cost. Comprehensive experiments demonstrate: (i) the effectiveness and efficiency of the BM3D family for various denoising tasks, (ii) a simple matrix-based algorithm could produce similar results compared with its tensor counterparts, and (iii) several DNN models trained with synthetic Gaussian noise show state-of-the-art performance on real-world color image and video datasets. Despite the progress in recent years, we discuss shortcomings and possible extensions of existing techniques. Datasets and codes for evaluation are made publicly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/ZhaomingKong/Denoising-Comparison" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Misalignment Recognition in Acoustic Sensor Networks using a Semi-supervised Source Estimation Method and Markov Random Fields  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03432.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider the problem of acoustic source localization by acoustic sensor networks (ASNs) using a promising, learning-based technique that adapts to the acoustic environment. In particular, we look at the scenario when a node in the ASN is displaced from its position during training. As the mismatch between the ASN used for learning the localization model and the one after a node displacement leads to erroneous position estimates, a displacement has to be detected and the displaced nodes need to be identified. We propose a method that considers the disparity in position estimates made by leave-one-node-out (LONO) sub-networks and uses a Markov random field (MRF) framework to infer the probability of each LONO position estimate being aligned, misaligned or unreliable while accounting for the noise inherent to the estimator. This probabilistic approach is advantageous over naive detection methods, as it outputs a normalized value that encapsulates conditional information provided by each LONO sub-network on whether the reading is in misalignment with the overall network. Experimental results confirm that the performance of the proposed method is consistent in identifying compromised nodes in various acoustic conditions.      
### 8.Self-Supervised Learning from Contrastive Mixtures for Personalized Speech Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03426.pdf)
>  This work explores how self-supervised learning can be universally used to discover speaker-specific features towards enabling personalized speech enhancement models. We specifically address the few-shot learning scenario where access to cleaning recordings of a test-time speaker is limited to a few seconds, but noisy recordings of the speaker are abundant. We develop a simple contrastive learning procedure which treats the abundant noisy data as makeshift training targets through pairwise noise injection: the model is pretrained to maximize agreement between pairs of differently deformed identical utterances and to minimize agreement between pairs of similarly deformed nonidentical utterances. Our experiments compare the proposed pretraining approach with two baseline alternatives: speaker-agnostic fully-supervised pretraining, and speaker-specific self-supervised pretraining without contrastive loss terms. Of all three approaches, the proposed method using contrastive mixtures is found to be most robust to model compression (using 85% fewer parameters) and reduced clean speech (requiring only 3 seconds).      
### 9.Physical Layer Security of Intelligent Reflective Surface Aided NOMA Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03417.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflective surface (IRS) technology is emerging as a promising performance enhancement technique for next-generation wireless networks. Hence, we investigate the physical layer security of the downlink in IRS-aided non-orthogonal multiple access networks in the presence of an eavesdropper, where an IRS is deployed for enhancing the quality by assisting the cell-edge user to communicate with the base station. To characterize the network's performance, the expected value of the new channel statistics is derived for the reflected links in the case of Nakagami-m fading. Furthermore, the performance of the proposed network is evaluated both in terms of the secrecy outage probability (SOP) and the average secrecy capacity (ASC). The closed-form expressions of the SOP and the ASC are derived. We also study the impact of various network parameters on the overall performance of the network considered. To obtain further insights, the secrecy diversity orders and the high signal-to-noise ratio slopes are obtained. We finally show that: 1) the expectation of the channel gain in the reflected links is determined both by the number of IRSs and by the Nakagami-m fading parameters; 2) The SOP of both receiver 1 and receiver 2 becomes unity, when the number of IRSs is sufficiently high; 3) The secrecy diversity orders are affected both by the number of IRSs and by the Nakagami-m fading parameters, whereas the high-SNR slopes are not affected by these parameters. Our Monte-Carlo simulations perfectly demonstrate the analytical results.      
### 10.Intra-Domain Task-Adaptive Transfer Learning to Determine Acute Ischemic Stroke Onset Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03350.pdf)
>  Treatment of acute ischemic strokes (AIS) is largely contingent upon the time since stroke onset (TSS). However, TSS may not be readily available in up to 25% of patients with unwitnessed AIS. Current clinical guidelines for patients with unknown TSS recommend the use of MRI to determine eligibility for thrombolysis, but radiology assessments have high inter-reader variability. In this work, we present deep learning models that leverage MRI diffusion series to classify TSS based on clinically validated thresholds. We propose an intra-domain task-adaptive transfer learning method, which involves training a model on an easier clinical task (stroke detection) and then refining the model with different binary thresholds of TSS. We apply this approach to both 2D and 3D CNN architectures with our top model achieving an ROC-AUC value of 0.74, with a sensitivity of 0.70 and a specificity of 0.81 for classifying TSS &lt; 4.5 hours. Our pretrained models achieve better classification metrics than the models trained from scratch, and these metrics exceed those of previously published models applied to our dataset. Furthermore, our pipeline accommodates a more inclusive patient cohort than previous work, as we did not exclude imaging studies based on clinical, demographic, or image processing criteria. When applied to this broad spectrum of patients, our deep learning model achieves an overall accuracy of 75.78% when classifying TSS &lt; 4.5 hours, carrying potential therapeutic implications for patients with unknown TSS.      
### 11.Fast state estimation under sensor attacks: a senor categorization approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03336.pdf)
>  In a sensor network, some sensors usually provide the same or equivalent measurement information, which is not taken into account by the existing secure state estimation methods against sparse sensor attacks such that the computational efficiency of these methods needs to be further improved. In this paper, by considering the observation equivalence of sensor measurement, a concept of analytic sensor types is introduced based on the equivalent class to develop a fast state estimation algorithm. By testing the measurement data of a sensor type, the attack location information can be extracted to exclude some mismatching search candidates, without loss of estimation correctness. This confirms high speed performance of the proposed algorithm, since the number of sensor types is usually far less than the number of sensors.      
### 12.DNN-based Detectors for Massive MIMO Systems with Low-Resolution ADCs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03325.pdf)
>  Low-resolution analog-to-digital converters (ADCs) have been considered as a practical and promising solution for reducing cost and power consumption in massive Multiple-Input-Multiple-Output (MIMO) systems. Unfortunately, low-resolution ADCs significantly distort the received signals, and thus make data detection much more challenging. In this paper, we develop a new deep neural network (DNN) framework for efficient and low-complexity data detection in low-resolution massive MIMO systems. Based on reformulated maximum likelihood detection problems, we propose two model-driven DNN-based detectors, namely OBMNet and FBMNet, for one-bit and few-bit massive MIMO systems, respectively. The proposed OBMNet and FBMNet detectors have unique and simple structures designed for low-resolution MIMO receivers and thus can be efficiently trained and implemented. Numerical results also show that OBMNet and FBMNet significantly outperform existing detection methods.      
### 13.Fault Location Estimation by Using Machine Learning Methods in Mixed Transmission Lines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03238.pdf)
>  Overhead lines are generally used for electrical energy transmission. Also, XLPE underground cable lines are generally used in the city center and the crowded areas to provide electrical safety, so high voltage underground cable lines are used together with overhead line in the transmission lines, and these lines are called as the mixed lines. The distance protection relays are used to determine the impedance based fault location according to the current and voltage magnitudes in the transmission lines. However, the fault location cannot be correctly detected in mixed transmission lines due to different characteristic impedance per unit length because the characteristic impedance of high voltage cable line is significantly different from overhead line. Thus, determinations of the fault section and location with the distance protection relays are difficult in the mixed transmission lines. In this study, 154 kV overhead transmission line and underground cable line are examined as the mixed transmission line for the distance protection relays. Phase to ground faults are created in the mixed transmission line, and overhead line section and underground cable section are simulated by using PSCAD. The short circuit fault images are generated in the distance protection relay for the overhead transmission line and underground cable transmission line faults. The images include the RX impedance diagram of the fault, and the RX impedance diagram have been detected by applying image processing steps. The regression methods are used for prediction of the fault location, and the results of image processing are used as the input parameters for the training process of the regression methods. The results of regression methods are compared to select the most suitable method at the end of this study for forecasting of the fault location in transmission lines.      
### 14.Estimation of High Impedance Fault Location in Electrical Transmission Lines Using Artificial Neural Networks and R-X Impedance Graph  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03227.pdf)
>  It is very important to ensure continuity in the process from generation of electricity to transmission to cities. The most important part of the system is energy transmission lines and distance protection relays that protect these lines. The main function of the protection relays in electrical installations should be deactivated as soon as possible in the event of short circuits in the system. An accurate error location technique is required to make fast and efficient work. Distance relays are widely used as main and backup protection in transmission and distribution lines. Basically, distance protection relays determine the impedance of the line by comparing the voltage and current values. In this study, artificial neural network (ANN) has been used to accurately locate high impedance short circuit faults in 154 kV power transmission lines. The impedance diagram (R-X) of the circuit breaker, current-voltage transformer, overhead transmission line, distance protection relay and distance protection relay has been formed by using simulation program in order to make the study real. The data sets created by recording the image of the change of the impedance occurring at the time of high impedance short circuit fault. The related focal points in the images are given as input to different ANN models and predicted the short circuit faults occurring at different locations on the transmission lines with high accuracy.      
### 15.Distributed Grid restoration based on graph theory  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03214.pdf)
>  With the emergence of smart grids as the primary means of distribution across wide areas, the importance of improving its resilience to faults and mishaps is increasing. The reliability of a distribution system depends upon its tolerance to attacks and the efficiency of restoration after an attack occurs. This paper proposes a unique approach to the restoration of smart grids under attack by impostors or due to natural calamities via optimal islanding of the grid with primary generators and distributed generators(DGs) into sub-grids minimizing the amount of load shed which needs to be incurred and at the same time minimizing the number of switching operations via graph theory. The minimum load which needs to be shed is computed in the first stage followed by selecting the nodes whose load needs to be shed to achieve such a configuration and then finally deriving the sequence of switching operations required to achieve the configuration. The proposed method is tested against standard IEEE 37-bus and a 1069-bus grid system and the minimum load shed along with the sequencing steps to optimal configuration and time to achieve such a configuration are presented which demonstrates the effectiveness of the method when compared to the existing methods in the field. Moreover, the proposed algorithm can be easily modified to incorporate any other constraints which might arise due to any operational configuration of the grid.      
### 16.Automatic Head and Neck Tumor Segmentation in PET/CT with Scale Attention Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03188.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation is an essential but challenging step for extracting quantitative imaging bio-markers for characterizing head and neck tumor in tumor detection, diagnosis, prognosis, treatment planning and assessment. The HEad and neCK TumOR Segmentation Challenge 2020 (HECKTOR 2020) provides a common platform for comparing different automatic algorithms for segmentation the primary gross target volume (GTV) in the oropharynx region on FDG-PET and CT images. We participated in the image segmentation challenge by developing a fully automatic segmentation network based on encoder-decoder architecture. In order to better integrate information across different scales, we proposed a dynamic scale attention mechanism that incorporates low-level details with high-level semantics from feature maps at different scales. Our framework was trained using the 201 challenge training cases provided by HECKTOR 2020, and achieved an average Dice Similarity Coefficient (DSC) of 0:7505 with cross validation. By testing on the 53 testing cases, our model achieved an average DSC, precision and recall of 0:7318, 0:7851, and 0:7319 respectively, which ranked our method in the fourth place in the challenge (id: deepX)      
### 17.Multilingual Bottleneck Features for Improving ASR Performance of Code-Switched Speech in Under-Resourced Languages  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03118.pdf)
>  In this work, we explore the benefits of using multilingual bottleneck features (mBNF) in acoustic modelling for the automatic speech recognition of code-switched (CS) speech in African languages. The unavailability of annotated corpora in the languages of interest has always been a primary challenge when developing speech recognition systems for this severely under-resourced type of speech. Hence, it is worthwhile to investigate the potential of using speech corpora available for other better-resourced languages to improve speech recognition performance. To achieve this, we train a mBNF extractor using nine Southern Bantu languages that form part of the freely available multilingual NCHLT corpus. We append these mBNFs to the existing MFCCs, pitch features and i-vectors to train acoustic models for automatic speech recognition (ASR) in the target code-switched languages. Our results show that the inclusion of the mBNF features leads to clear performance improvements over a baseline trained without the mBNFs for code-switched English-isiZulu, English-isiXhosa, English-Sesotho and English-Setswana speech.      
### 18.A Hierarchical Subspace Model for Language-Attuned Acoustic Unit Discovery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03115.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose a hierarchical subspace model for acoustic unit discovery. In this approach, we frame the task as one of learning embeddings on a low-dimensional phonetic subspace, and simultaneously specify the subspace itself as an embedding on a hyper-subspace. We train the hyper-subspace on a set of transcribed languages and transfer it to the target language. In the target language, we infer both the language and unit embeddings in an unsupervised manner, and in so doing, we simultaneously learn a subspace of units specific to that language and the units that dwell on it. We conduct our experiments on TIMIT and two low-resource languages: Mboshi and Yoruba. Results show that our model outperforms major acoustic unit discovery techniques, both in terms of clustering quality and segmentation accuracy.      
### 19.Exploring End-to-End Multi-channel ASR with Bias Information for Meeting Transcription  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03110.pdf)
>  Joint optimization of multi-channel front-end and automatic speech recognition (ASR) has attracted much interest. While promising results have been reported for various tasks, past studies on its meeting transcription application were limited to small scale experiments. It is still unclear whether such a joint framework can be beneficial for a more practical setup where a massive amount of single channel training data can be leveraged for building a strong ASR back-end. In this work, we present our investigation on the joint modeling of a mask-based beamformer and Attention-Encoder-Decoder-based ASR in the setting where we have 75k hours of single-channel data and a relatively small amount of real multi-channel data for model training. We explore effective training procedures, including a comparison of simulated and real multi-channel training data. To guide the recognition towards a target speaker and deal with overlapped speech, we also explore various combinations of bias information, such as direction of arrivals and speaker profiles. We propose an effective location bias integration method called deep concatenation for the beamformer network. In our evaluation on various meeting recordings, we show that the proposed framework achieves a substantial word error rate reduction.      
### 20.Fuel and Time Optimal USV Trajectory Planning under Flexible Refueling Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03097.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the problem of trajectory optimization for an unmanned surface vehicle while considering direction-dependent ocean currents and flexible refueling constraints. This work is motivated by the rising interest in developing autonomous navigation technology for commercial, scientific, and military applications for ocean-bound unmanned surface vehicles. Relevant literature on such vehicles has addressed energy-efficient trajectory optimization and time-efficient trajectory optimization. However, the application of trajectory optimization techniques which include refueling stops and multi-objective optimization remains relatively unexplored. We address this open challenge by formulating the trajectory design problem as a nonconvex mixed-integer optimization program with a multi-objective cost function. Then, we apply dynamic programming to solve this optimization program for fuel and time optimal trajectories. We synthesize these results into a series of Pareto fronts which demonstrates the tradeoff between fuel consumption and trip time for a prototypical route with direction-dependent ocean currents. Furthermore, the optimal trajectories for which we solve illustrate the changes in the vehicle's behavior as the fuel level becomes low, and as the vehicle encounters counterproductive ocean currents. Our results indicate several meaningful insights about the overall trajectory optimization process.      
### 21.Parameter Identification and Sensitivity Analysis for Zero-dimensional Multi-physics Lithium-Sulfur Battery Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03078.pdf)
>  This paper examines the problem of estimating the parameters of a Lithium-Sulfur (LiS) battery from experimental cycling data. LiS batteries are attractive compared to traditional Lithium-Ion batteries, thanks largely to their potential to provide higher energy densities. The literature presents a number of different LiS battery models, with different fidelities and complexities. This includes both higher-fidelity diffusion-reaction models as well as "zero-dimensional" models that neglect diffusion dynamics while capturing the physics of the underlying reduction-oxidation reactions. The paper focuses on zero-dimensional LiS battery models, and develops four such models from the literature, reflecting different choices of which redox reactions to model. There is a growing need for using experimental cycling datasets to both parameterize these models and compare their fidelities. To address this need, we fabricated LiS coin cells and performed charge/discharge cycling tests on these cells. In parallel, we analyzed the sensitivity of simulated LiS battery charge/discharge characteristics to underlying model parameters. Using this sensitivity analysis, we selected a subset of model parameters for identification, and estimated these parameters for all four LiS battery models from cycling data, thereby arriving at a consistent experimental comparison and assessment of these models' respective fidelities.      
### 22.Intelligent Reflecting Surface Aided Vehicular Communications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03071.pdf)
>  We investigate the use of an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) in a millimeter-wave (mmWave) vehicular communication network. An intelligent reflecting surface consists of passive elements, which can reflect the incoming signals with adjustable phase shifts. By properly tuning the phase shifts we can improve link performance. This is known as phase optimization or passive beamforming. We consider the problem of rate maximization in the uplink, which utilizes an IRS. However, using an IRS brings more challenges in terms of channel estimation. We propose two schemes to reduce the channel estimation overhead associated with utilizing an IRS. One method uses the grouping of reflecting elements and the other one performs passive beamforming based on the position of the device. Numerical results show IRS can bring significant improvements to existing communication. Furthermore, to get a practical insight into vehicular communications aided by an IRS, we use a commercial ray-tracing tool to evaluate the performance.      
### 23.Large-scale multilingual audio visual dubbing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03530.pdf)
>  We describe a system for large-scale audiovisual translation and dubbing, which translates videos from one language to another. The source language's speech content is transcribed to text, translated, and automatically synthesized into target language speech using the original speaker's voice. The visual content is translated by synthesizing lip movements for the speaker to match the translated audio, creating a seamless audiovisual experience in the target language. The audio and visual translation subsystems each contain a large-scale generic synthesis model trained on thousands of hours of data in the corresponding domain. These generic models are fine-tuned to a specific speaker before translation, either using an auxiliary corpus of data from the target speaker, or using the video to be translated itself as the input to the fine-tuning process. This report gives an architectural overview of the full system, as well as an in-depth discussion of the video dubbing component. The role of the audio and text components in relation to the full system is outlined, but their design is not discussed in detail. Translated and dubbed demo videos generated using our system can be viewed at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSi232j2ZA6_1Exhof5vndzyfbxAhhEs5" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 24.Do We Need to Compensate for Motion Distortion and Doppler Effects in Radar-Based Navigation?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03512.pdf)
>  In order to tackle the challenge of unfavorable weather conditions such as rain and snow, radar is being revisited as a parallel sensing modality to vision and lidar. Recent works have made tremendous progress in applying radar to odometry and place recognition. However, these works have so far ignored the impact of motion distortion and Doppler effects on radar-based navigation, which may be significant in the self-driving car domain where speeds can be high. In this work, we demonstrate the effect of these distortions on radar-only odometry using the Oxford Radar RobotCar Dataset and metric localization using our own data-taking platform. We present a lightweight estimator that can recover the motion between a pair of radar scans while accounting for both effects. Our conclusion is that both motion distortion and the Doppler effect are significant in different aspects of radar navigation, with the former more prominent than the latter.      
### 25.Robust ENF Estimation Based on Harmonic Enhancement and Maximum Weight Clique  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03414.pdf)
>  We present a framework for robust electric network frequency (ENF) extraction from real-world audio recordings, featuring multi-tone ENF harmonic enhancement and graph-based optimal harmonic selection. Specifically, We first extend the recently developed single-tone ENF signal enhancement method to the multi-tone scenario and propose a harmonic robust filtering algorithm (HRFA). It can respectively enhance each harmonic component without cross-component interference, thus further alleviating the effects of unwanted noise and audio content on the much weaker ENF signal. In addition, considering the fact that some harmonic components could be severely corrupted even after enhancement, disturbing rather than facilitating ENF estimation, we propose a graph-based harmonic selection algorithm (GHSA), which finds the optimal combination of harmonic components for more accurate ENF estimation. Noticeably, the harmonic selection problem is equivalently formulated as a maximum weight clique (MWC) problem in graph theory, and the Bron-Kerbosch algorithm (BKA) is adopted in the GHSA. With the enhanced and optimally selected harmonic components, both the existing maximum likelihood estimator (MLE) and weighted MLE (WMLE) are incorporated to yield the final ENF estimation results. The proposed framework is extensively evaluated using both synthetic signals and our ENF-WHU dataset consisting of $130$ real-world audio recordings, demonstrating substantially improved capability of extracting the ENF from realistically noisy observations over the existing single- and multi-tone competitors. This work further improves the applicability of the ENF as a forensic criterion in real-world situations.      
### 26.Regularized Stochastic Team Problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03385.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce regularized stochastic team problems. Under mild assumptions, we prove that there exists an unique fixed point of the best response operator, where this unique fixed point is the optimal regularized team decision rule. Then, we establish an asynchronous distributed algorithm to compute this optimal strategy. We also provide a bound that shows how the optimal regularized team decision rule performs in the original stochastic team problem.      
### 27.Noise2Sim -- Similarity-based Self-Learning for Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03384.pdf)
>  The key idea behind denoising methods is to perform a mean/averaging operation, either locally or non-locally. An observation on classic denoising methods is that non-local mean (NLM) outcomes are typically superior to locally denoised results. Despite achieving the best performance in image denoising, the supervised deep denoising methods require paired noise-clean data which are often unavailable. To address this challenge, Noise2Noise methods are based on the fact that paired noise-clean images can be replaced by paired noise-noise images which are easier to collect. However, in many scenarios the collection of paired noise-noise images are still impractical. To bypass labeled images, Noise2Void methods predict masked pixels from their surroundings in a single noisy image only. It is pitiful that neither Noise2Noise nor Noise2Void methods utilize self-similarities in an image as NLM methods do, while self-similarities/symmetries play a critical role in modern sciences. Here we propose Noise2Sim, an NLM-inspired self-learning method for image denoising. Specifically, Noise2Sim leverages self-similarities of image patches and learns to map between the center pixels of similar patches for self-consistent image denoising. Our statistical analysis shows that Noise2Sim tends to be equivalent to Noise2Noise under mild conditions. To accelerate the process of finding similar image patches, we design an efficient two-step procedure to provide data for Noise2Sim training, which can be iteratively conducted if needed. Extensive experiments demonstrate the superiority of Noise2Sim over Noise2Noise and Noise2Void on common benchmark datasets.      
### 28.FDNAS: Improving Data Privacy and Model Diversity in AutoML  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03372.pdf)
>  To prevent the leakage of private information while enabling automated machine intelligence, there is an emerging trend to integrate federated learning and Neural Architecture Search (NAS). Although promising as it may seem, the coupling of difficulties from both two tenets makes the algorithm development quite challenging. In particular, how to efficiently search the optimal neural architecture directly from massive non-iid data of clients in a federated manner remains to be a hard nut to crack. To tackle this challenge, in this paper, by leveraging the advances in proxy-less NAS, we propose a Federated Direct Neural Architecture Search (FDNAS) framework that allows hardware-aware NAS from decentralized non-iid data of clients. To further adapt for various data distributions of clients, inspired by meta-learning, a cluster Federated Direct Neural Architecture Search (CFDNAS) framework is proposed to achieve client-aware NAS, in the sense that each client can learn a tailored deep learning model for its particular data distribution. Extensive experiments on real-world non-iid datasets show state-of-the-art accuracy-efficiency trade-offs for various hardware and data distributions of clients. Our codes will be released publicly upon paper acceptance.      
### 29.Deep learning architectures for inference of AC-OPF solutions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03352.pdf)
>  We present a systematic comparison between neural network (NN) architectures for inference of AC-OPF solutions. Using fully connected NNs as a baseline we demonstrate the efficacy of leveraging network topology in models by constructing abstract representations of electrical grids in the graph domain for convolutional and graph NNs. The performance of the NN models is compared for both the direct (as regressors predicting optimal generator set-points) and indirect (as classifiers predicting the active set of constraints) approaches and computational gains for obtaining optimal solutions are also presented.      
### 30.Hi-UCD: A Large-scale Dataset for Urban Semantic Change Detection in Remote Sensing Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03247.pdf)
>  With the acceleration of the urban expansion, urban change detection (UCD), as a significant and effective approach, can provide the change information with respect to geospatial objects for dynamical urban analysis. However, existing datasets suffer from three bottlenecks: (1) lack of high spatial resolution images; (2) lack of semantic annotation; (3) lack of long-range multi-temporal images. In this paper, we propose a large scale benchmark dataset, termed Hi-UCD. This dataset uses aerial images with a spatial resolution of 0.1 m provided by the Estonia Land Board, including three-time phases, and semantically annotated with nine classes of land cover to obtain the direction of ground objects change. It can be used for detecting and analyzing refined urban changes. We benchmark our dataset using some classic methods in binary and multi-class change detection. Experimental results show that Hi-UCD is challenging yet useful. We hope the Hi-UCD can become a strong benchmark accelerating future research.      
### 31.Channel Pruning via Multi-Criteria based on Weight Dependency  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03240.pdf)
>  Channel pruning has demonstrated its effectiveness in compressing ConvNets. In many prior arts, the importance of an output feature map is only determined by its associated filter. However, these methods ignore a small part of weights in the next layer which disappear as the feature map is removed. They ignore the dependency of the weights, so that, a part of weights are pruned without being evaluated. In addition, many pruning methods use only one criterion for evaluation, and find a sweet-spot of pruning structure and accuracy in a trial-and-error fashion, which can be time-consuming. To address the above issues, we proposed a channel pruning algorithm via multi-criteria based on weight dependency, CPMC, which can compress a variety of models efficiently. We design the importance of the feature map in three aspects, including its associated weight value, computational cost and parameter quantity. Use the phenomenon of weight dependency, We get the importance by assessing its associated filter and the corresponding partial weights of the next layer. Then we use global normalization to achieve cross-layer comparison. Our method can compress various CNN models, including VGGNet, ResNet and DenseNet, on various image classification datasets. Extensive experiments have shown CPMC outperforms the others significantly.      
### 32.Efficient image retrieval using multi neural hash codes and bloom filters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03234.pdf)
>  This paper aims to deliver an efficient and modified approach for image retrieval using multiple neural hash codes and limiting the number of queries using bloom filters by identifying false positives beforehand. Traditional approaches involving neural networks for image retrieval tasks tend to use higher layers for feature extraction. But it has been seen that the activations of lower layers have proven to be more effective in a number of scenarios. In our approach, we have leveraged the use of local deep convolutional neural networks which combines the powers of both the features of lower and higher layers for creating feature maps which are then compressed using PCA and fed to a bloom filter after binary sequencing using a modified multi k-means approach. The feature maps obtained are further used in the image retrieval process in a hierarchical coarse-to-fine manner by first comparing the images in the higher layers for semantically similar images and then gradually moving towards the lower layers searching for structural similarities. While searching, the neural hashes for the query image are again calculated and queried in the bloom filter which tells us whether the query image is absent in the set or maybe present. If the bloom filter doesn't necessarily rule out the query, then it goes into the image retrieval process. This approach can be particularly helpful in cases where the image store is distributed since the approach supports parallel querying.      
### 33.Task-relevant Representation Learning for Networked Robotic Perception  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03216.pdf)
>  Today, even the most compute-and-power constrained robots can measure complex, high data-rate video and LIDAR sensory streams. Often, such robots, ranging from low-power drones to space and subterranean rovers, need to transmit high-bitrate sensory data to a remote compute server if they are uncertain or cannot scalably run complex perception or mapping tasks locally. However, today's representations for sensory data are mostly designed for human, not robotic, perception and thus often waste precious compute or wireless network resources to transmit unimportant parts of a scene that are unnecessary for a high-level robotic task. This paper presents an algorithm to learn task-relevant representations of sensory data that are co-designed with a pre-trained robotic perception model's ultimate objective. Our algorithm aggressively compresses robotic sensory data by up to 11x more than competing methods. Further, it achieves high accuracy and robust generalization on diverse tasks including Mars terrain classification with low-power deep learning accelerators, neural motion planning, and environmental timeseries classification.      
### 34.Data-Driven Predictive Control for Multi-Agent Decision Making With Chance Constraints  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03213.pdf)
>  In the recent literature, significant and substantial efforts have been dedicated to the important area of multi-agent decision-making problems. Particularly here, the model predictive control (MPC) methodology has demonstrated its effectiveness in various applications, such as mobile robots, unmanned vehicles, and drones. Nevertheless, in many specific scenarios involving the MPC methodology, accurate and effective system identification is a commonly encountered challenge. As a consequence, the overall system performance could be significantly weakened in outcome when the traditional MPC algorithm is adopted under such circumstances. To cater to this rather major shortcoming, this paper investigates an alternate data-driven approach to solve the multi-agent decision-making problem. Utilizing an innovative modified methodology with suitable closed-loop input/output measurements that comply with the appropriate persistency of excitation condition, a non-parametric predictive model is suitably constructed. This non-parametric predictive model approach in the work here attains the key advantage of alleviating the rather heavy computational burden encountered in the optimization procedures typical in alternative methodologies requiring open-loop input/output measurement data collection and parametric system identification. Then with a conservative approximation of probabilistic chance constraints for the MPC problem, a resulting deterministic optimization problem is formulated and solved efficiently and effectively. In the work here, this intuitive data-driven approach is also shown to preserve good robustness properties. Finally, a multi-drone system is used to demonstrate the practical appeal and highly effective outcome of this promising development in achieving very good system performance.      
### 35.Optimal Online Algorithms for File-Bundle Caching and Generalization to Distributed Caching  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03212.pdf)
>  We consider a generalization of the standard cache problem called file-bundle caching, where different queries (tasks), each containing $l\ge 1$ files, sequentially arrive. An online algorithm that does not know the sequence of queries ahead of time must adaptively decide on what files to keep in the cache to incur the minimum number of cache misses. Here a cache miss refers to the case where at least one file in a query is missing among the cache files. In the special case where $l=1$, this problem reduces to the standard cache problem. We first analyze the performance of the classic least recently used (LRU) algorithm in this setting and show that LRU is a near-optimal online deterministic algorithm for file-bundle caching with regard to competitive ratio. We then extend our results to a generalized $(h,k)$-paging problem in this file-bundle setting, where the performance of the online algorithm with a cache size $k$ is compared to an optimal offline benchmark of a smaller cache size $h&lt;k$. In this latter case, we provide a randomized $O(l \ln \frac{k}{k-h})$-competitive algorithm for our generalized $(h,k)$-paging problem, which can be viewed as an extension of the classic marking algorithm. We complete this result by providing a matching lower bound for the competitive ratio, indicating that the performance of this modified marking algorithm is within a factor of two of any randomized online algorithm. Finally, we look at the distributed version of the file-bundle caching problem where there are $m\ge 1$ identical caches in the system. In this case we show that for $m=l+1$ caches, there is a deterministic distributed caching algorithm which is $(l^2+l)$-competitive and a randomized distributed caching algorithm which is $O(l\ln(2l+1))$-competitive when $l\ge 2$.      
### 36.Neural Stochastic Contraction Metrics for Robust Control and Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03168.pdf)
>  We present neural stochastic contraction metrics, a new design framework for provably-stable robust control and estimation for a class of stochastic nonlinear systems. It exploits a spectrally-normalized deep neural network to construct a contraction metric, sampled via simplified convex optimization in the stochastic setting. Spectral normalization constrains the state-derivatives of the metric to be Lipschitz continuous, and thereby ensures exponential boundedness of the mean squared distance of system trajectories under stochastic disturbances. This framework allows autonomous agents to approximate optimal stable control and estimation policies in real-time, and outperforms existing nonlinear control and estimation techniques including the state-dependent Riccati equation, iterative LQR, EKF, and deterministic neural contraction metric method, as illustrated in simulations.      
### 37.Learning Power Control for Cellular Systems with Heterogeneous Graph Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03164.pdf)
>  Optimizing power control in multi-cell cellular networks with deep learning enables such a non-convex problem to be implemented in real-time. When channels are time-varying, the deep neural networks (DNNs) need to be re-trained frequently, which calls for low training complexity. To reduce the number of training samples and the size of DNN required to achieve good performance, a promising approach is to embed the DNNs with priori knowledge. Since cellular networks can be modelled as a graph, it is natural to employ graph neural networks (GNNs) for learning, which exhibit permutation invariance (PI) and equivalence (PE) properties. Unlike the homogeneous GNNs that have been used for wireless problems, whose outputs are invariant or equivalent to arbitrary permutations of vertexes, heterogeneous GNNs (HetGNNs), which are more appropriate to model cellular networks, are only invariant or equivalent to some permutations. If the PI or PE properties of the HetGNN do not match the property of the task to be learned, the performance degrades dramatically. In this paper, we show that the power control policy has a combination of different PI and PE properties, and existing HetGNN does not satisfy these properties. We then design a parameter sharing scheme for HetGNN such that the learned relationship satisfies the desired properties. Simulation results show that the sample complexity and the size of designed GNN for learning the optimal power control policy in multi-user multi-cell networks are much lower than the existing DNNs, when achieving the same sum rate loss from the numerically obtained solutions.      
### 38.A Hysteretic Q-learning Coordination Framework for Emerging Mobility Systems in Smart Cities  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03137.pdf)
>  Connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) can alleviate traffic congestion, air pollution, and improve safety. In this paper, we provide a decentralized coordination framework for CAVs at a signal-free intersection to minimize travel time and improve fuel efficiency. We employ a simple yet powerful reinforcement learning approach, an off-policy temporal difference learning called Q-learning, enhanced with a coordination mechanism to address this problem. Then, we integrate a first-in-first-out queuing policy to improve the performance of our system. We demonstrate the efficacy of our proposed approach through simulation and comparison with the classical optimal control method based on Pontryagin's minimum principle.      
### 39.Smart Time-Multiplexing of Quads Solves the Multicamera Interference Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03102.pdf)
>  Time-of-flight (ToF) cameras are becoming increasingly popular for 3D imaging. Their optimal usage has been studied from the several aspects. One of the open research problems is the possibility of a multicamera interference problem when two or more ToF cameras are operating simultaneously. In this work we present an efficient method to synchronize multiple operating ToF cameras. Our method is based on the time-division multiplexing, but unlike traditional time multiplexing, it does not decrease the effective camera frame rate. Additionally, for unsynchronized cameras, we provide a robust method to extract from their corresponding video streams, frames which are not subject to multicamera interference problem. We demonstrate our approach through a series of experiments and with a different level of support available for triggering, ranging from a hardware triggering to purely random software triggering.      
