# ArXiv eess --Tue, 10 Nov 2020
### 1.A General Framework for Airplane Air-to-Ground Communications in mmWave and Microwave Bands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04608.pdf)
>  Airplane sensors and on-board equipment collect an increasingly large amount of maintenance data during flights that are used for airplane maintenance. We propose to download part of the data during airplane's descent via a cellular base station (BS) located at the airport. We formulate and solve an offline optimization problem to quantify how much data can be offloaded in a non-dedicated band while ensuring that the interference at the terrestrial BSs in the vicinity of the airport remains below a maximum allowable threshold. Our problem allows for adaptive tuning of transmit power, number of frequency channels to be used, and beamforming according to the position of the plane on the descent path. Our results show that during the last 5 minutes of descent, in the microwave band the plane can offload up to 5 GB of maintenance data in a 20~MHz band, while in the mmWave band the plane can offload up to 24 times more data in a 1~GHz band. Beamforming, power and bandwidth tuning are all crucial in maintaining a good performance in the mmWave band while in the microwave band, dynamic tuning of bandwidth does not improve the performance much.      
### 2.Bayesian Reconstruction of Fourier Pairs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04585.pdf)
>  In a number of data-driven applications such as detection of arrhythmia, interferometry or audio compression, observations are acquired indistinctly in the time or frequency domains: temporal observations allow us to study the spectral content of signals (e.g., audio), while frequency-domain observations are used to reconstruct temporal/spatial data (e.g., MRI). Classical approaches for spectral analysis rely either on i) a discretisation of the time and frequency domains, where the fast Fourier transform stands out as the \textit{de facto} off-the-shelf resource, or ii) stringent parametric models with closed-form spectra. However, the general literature fails to cater for missing observations and noise-corrupted data. Our aim is to address the lack of a principled treatment of data acquired indistinctly in the temporal and frequency domains in a way that is robust to missing or noisy observations, and that at the same time models uncertainty effectively. To achieve this aim, we first define a joint probabilistic model for the temporal and spectral representations of signals, to then perform a Bayesian model update in the light of observations, thus jointly reconstructing the complete (latent) time and frequency representations. The proposed model is analysed from a classical spectral analysis perspective, and its implementation is illustrated through intuitive examples. Lastly, we show that the proposed model is able to perform joint time and frequency reconstruction of real-world audio, healthcare and astronomy signals, while successfully dealing with missing data and handling uncertainty (noise) naturally against both classical and modern approaches for spectral estimation.      
### 3.Distributed Design of Glocal Controllers via Hierarchical Model Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04576.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a distributed design method of controllers having a glocal (global/local) information structure for large-scale network systems. Distributed design, independent design of all subcontrollers that constitute a structured controller, facilitates scalable controller synthesis. While existing distributed design methods confine attention to the decentralized or distributed information structures, this study addresses distributed design of glocal-structured controllers. Glocal control exploits the nature that network system's behavior can typically be represented as a superposition of spatially local fluctuations and global interarea oscillations by incorporating a global coordinating subcontroller with local decentralized subcontrollers. The key idea to distributed design of glocal controllers is to represent the original network system as a hierarchical cascaded system composed of reduced-order models representing the global and local dynamics, referred to as hierarchical model decomposition. Distributed design is achieved by independently designing and implementing subcontrollers for the reduced-order models while preserving the cascade structure. This paper provides a condition for existence of the hierarchical model decomposition, a specific representation of the hierarchical system, a clustering method appropriate for the proposed approach, and a robust extension. Numerical examples of a power grid evidence the practical relevance of the proposed method.      
### 4.Nanoantennas Design for THz Communication: Material Selection and Performance Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04571.pdf)
>  In the development of terahertz (THz) communication systems, the nanoantenna is the most significant component. Especially, the focus is to design highly directive antennas, because it enhances the performance of the overall system by compensating the large path loss at THz and thus improves the signal-to-noise ratio. This paper presents suitable material for nanoantenna design and the advancement in their performance for THz communications. Copper, Graphene, and carbon nanotube materials are used as promising candidates for nanoantenna design. The performance of nanoantennas is carried out by analyzing the properties and behavior of the material at THz. Results show that the Graphene nanoantenna provides better performance in terms of miniaturization, directivity, and radiation efficiency. Further, the performance enhancement of the nanoantenna at THz is studied by dynamically adjusting the surface conductivity via the chemical potential of Graphene using the electric field effect. The performance of the nanoantenna is enhanced in terms of high miniaturization, high directivity, low reflection, frequency reconfiguration, and stable impedance. The THz nanoantennas using Graphene have the potential to be used for THz communication systems. In view of the smart THz wireless environment; this paper finally presents a THz Hypersurface using Graphene meta-atoms. The user-side Graphene nanoantennas and environment-side Graphene Hypersurface can build a promising smart THz wireless environment.      
### 5.Guided Source Separation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04569.pdf)
>  State-of-the-art separation of desired signal components from a mixture is achieved using time-frequency masks or filters estimated by a deep neural network (DNN). The desired components, thereby, are typically defined at the time of training. Recent approaches allow determining the desired components during inference via auxiliary information. Auxiliary information is, thereby, extracted from a reference snippet of the desired components by a second DNN, which estimates a set of adaptive weights (AW) of the first DNN. However, the AW methods require the reference snippet and the desired signal to exhibit time-invariant signal characteristics (SCs) and have only been applied for speaker separation. We show that these AW methods can be used for universal source separation and propose an AW method to extract time-variant auxiliary information from the reference signal. That way, the SCs are allowed to vary across time in the reference and mixture. Applications where the reference and desired signal cannot be assigned to a specific class and vary over time require a time-dependency. An example is acoustic echo cancellation, where the reference is the loudspeaker signal. To avoid strong scaling between the estimate and the mixture, we propose the dual scale-invariant signal-to-distortion ratio in a TASNET inspired DNN as the training objective. We evaluate the proposed AW systems using a wide range of different acoustic conditions and show the scenario dependent advantages of time-variant over time-invariant AW.      
### 6.MPRNet: Multi-Path Residual Network for Lightweight Image Super Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04566.pdf)
>  Lightweight super resolution networks have extremely importance for real-world applications. In recent years several SR deep learning approaches with outstanding achievement have been introduced by sacrificing memory and computational cost. To overcome this problem, a novel lightweight super resolution network is proposed, which improves the SOTA performance in lightweight SR and performs roughly similar to computationally expensive networks. Multi-Path Residual Network designs with a set of Residual concatenation Blocks stacked with Adaptive Residual Blocks: ($i$) to adaptively extract informative features and learn more expressive spatial context information; ($ii$) to better leverage multi-level representations before up-sampling stage; and ($iii$) to allow an efficient information and gradient flow within the network. The proposed architecture also contains a new attention mechanism, Two-Fold Attention Module, to maximize the representation ability of the model. Extensive experiments show the superiority of our model against other SOTA SR approaches.      
### 7.Multi-Agent Reinforcement Learning for Joint Channel Assignment and Power Allocation in Platoon-Based C-V2X Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04555.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of joint channel assignment and power allocation in underlaid cellular vehicular-to-everything (C-V2X) systems where multiple vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) uplinks share the time-frequency resources with multiple vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) platoons that enable groups of connected and autonomous vehicles to travel closely together. Due to the nature of fast channel variant in vehicular environment, traditional centralized optimization approach relying on global channel information might not be viable in C-V2X systems with large number of users. Utilizing a reinforcement learning (RL) approach, we propose a distributed resource allocation (RA) algorithm to overcome this challenge. Specifically, we model the RA problem as a multi-agent system. Based solely on the local channel information, each platoon leader, who acts as an agent, collectively interacts with each other and accordingly selects the optimal combination of sub-band and power level to transmit its signals. Toward this end, we utilize the double deep Q-learning algorithm to jointly train the agents under the objectives of simultaneously maximizing the V2I sum-rate and satisfying the packet delivery probability of each V2V link in a desired latency limitation. Simulation results show that our proposed RL-based algorithm achieves a close performance compared to that of the well-known exhaustive search algorithm.      
### 8.Towards a quantitative assessment of neurodegeneration in Alzheimer's disease  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04465.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's disease (AD) is an irreversible neurodegenerative disorder that progressively destroys memory and other cognitive domains of the brain. While effective therapeutic management of AD is still in development, it seems reasonable to expect their prospective outcomes to depend on the severity of baseline pathology. For this reason, substantial research efforts have been invested in the development of effective means of non-invasive diagnosis of AD at its earliest possible stages. In pursuit of the same objective, the present paper addresses the problem of the quantitative diagnosis of AD by means of Diffusion Magnetic Resonance Imaging (dMRI). In particular, the paper introduces the notion of a pathology specific imaging contrast (PSIC), which, in addition to supplying a valuable diagnostic score, can serve as a means of visual representation of the spatial extent of neurodegeneration. The values of PSIC are computed by a dedicated deep neural network (DNN), which has been specially adapted to the processing of dMRI signals. Once available, such values can be used for several important purposes, including stratification of study subjects. In particular, experiments confirm the DNN-based classification can outperform a wide range of alternative approaches in application to the basic problem of stratification of cognitively normal (CN) and AD subjects. Notwithstanding its preliminary nature, this result suggests a strong rationale for further extension and improvement of the explorative methodology described in this paper.      
### 9.Efficient Training Data Generation for Phase-Based DOA Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04456.pdf)
>  Deep learning (DL) based direction of arrival (DOA) estimation is an active research topic and currently represents the state-of-the-art. Usually, DL-based DOA estimators are trained with recorded data or computationally expensive generated data. Both data types require significant storage and excessive time to, respectively, record or generate. We propose a low complexity online data generation method to train DL models with a phase-based feature input. The data generation method models the phases of the microphone signals in the frequency domain by employing a deterministic model for the direct path and a statistical model for the late reverberation of the room transfer function. By an evaluation using data from measured room impulse responses, we demonstrate that a model trained with the proposed training data generation method performs comparably to models trained with data generated based on the source-image method.      
### 10.Neuromorphic Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04441.pdf)
>  Neuromorphic engineering is a rapidly developing field that aims to take inspiration from the biological organization of neural systems to develop novel technology for computing, sensing and actuating. The unique properties of such systems call for new signal processing and control paradigms. The article introduces the mixed feedback organization of excitable neuronal systems, consisting of interlocked positive and negative feedback loops acting in distinct timescales. The principles of biological neuromodulation suggest a methodology for designing and controlling mixed-feedback systems neuromorphically. The proposed design consists of a parallel interconnection of elementary circuit elements that mirrors the organization of biological neurons and utilizes the hardware components of neuromorphic electronic circuits. The interconnection structure endows the neuromorphic systems with a simple control methodology that reframes the neuronal control as an input-output shaping problem. The potential of neuronal control is illustrated on simple network examples that suggest the scalability of the mixed-feedback principles.      
### 11.Energy Efficient Power Allocation in Massive MIMO Systems with Power Limited Users  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04381.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate energy-efficient (EE) power allocation (PA) for a special downlink scenario of the massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems. We consider a minimum power required for each user to ensure that the quality of service (QoS) for each user is satisfied. In this method, a comparison between the sum of minimum power required by users and the maximum transmission power is done to determine whether maximizing EE is possible or not. If the sum of the minimum power required by users is less than the maximum transmission power, we maximize EE. Otherwise, the number of admitted users in a cluster is maximized. In both cases, the simulation results show that the proposed algorithm has better performance than similar algorithms.      
### 12.Consensus-Based Set-Theoretic Control in Inverter-Dominated Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04361.pdf)
>  We propose a novel consensus-based approach for set-theoretic frequency control in power systems. A robust controlled-invariant set (RCI) for the system is generated by composing RCIs for each bus in the network. The process of generating these sets uses a consensus-based approach in order to facilitate discovery of mutually compatible subsystem RCIs when each bus seeks to maximize the size of its own RCI while treating the effects of coupling as an unknown-but-bounded disturbance. The consensus routine, which demonstrates linear convergence, is embedded into a backwards reachability analysis of initial safe sets. Results for a 9-bus test case show that the controllers associated with the resulting RCIs maintain safe operation when the system is subjected to worst-case (adversarial) fluctuations in net demand.      
### 13.An Empirical Study of Visual Features for DNN based Audio-Visual Speech Enhancement in Multi-talker Environments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04359.pdf)
>  Audio-visual speech enhancement (AVSE) methods use both audio and visual features for the task of speech enhancement and the use of visual features has been shown to be particularly effective in multi-speaker scenarios. In the majority of deep neural network (DNN) based AVSE methods, the audio and visual data are first processed separately using different sub-networks, and then the learned features are fused to utilize the information from both modalities. There have been various studies on suitable audio input features and network architectures, however, to the best of our knowledge, there is no published study that has investigated which visual features are best suited for this specific task. In this work, we perform an empirical study of the most commonly used visual features for DNN based AVSE, the pre-processing requirements for each of these features, and investigate their influence on the performance. Our study shows that despite the overall better performance of embedding-based features, their computationally intensive pre-processing make their use difficult in low resource systems. For such systems, optical flow or raw pixels-based features might be better suited.      
### 14.Finites elements and signal processing analysis of eccentricity and demagnetization faults in PMSM drivetrains: Approach for diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04353.pdf)
>  Today, interest in automotive applications notably Hybrid Electric Vehicles (HEV) has risen due to environmental concerns and the modern society's energetic dependence. Consequently, it is necessary to study and implement in these vehicle fault diagnosis systems which allow them to be more reliable and safe enhancing its sustainability. Several research works have been focused on Fault Diagnosis approaches for electric machines due to it's influence in the automotive system availability. Our work fits into this context, firstly with a review of faults and diagnosis methods of the permanent magnet synchronous motor (PMSM) and secondly by using analytical-numerical approach based on finite element method and signal processing (FEMM-MATLAB coupling) in order to detect and analysis of eccentricity and partial demagnetization faults for surface mounted PMSM. So, this work mainly includes fault performance, harmonic component and signal spectrum characteristics, timefrequency analysis technique. The outcomes obtained are further compared with the motor characteristics under healthy operation to have distinct detection to faults.      
### 15.Hierarchical routing control in discrete manufacturing plants via model predictive path allocation and greedy path following  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04341.pdf)
>  The problem of real-time control and optimization of components' routing in discrete manufacturing plants, where distinct items must undergo a sequence of jobs, is considered. This problem features a large number of discrete control inputs and the presence of temporal-logic constraints. A new approach is proposed, adopting a shift of perspective with respect to previous contributions, from a Eulerian system model that tracks the state of plant nodes, to a Lagrangian model that tracks the state of each part being processed. The approach features a hierarchical structure. At a higher level, a predictive receding horizon strategy allocates a path across the plant to each part in order to minimize a chosen cost criterion. At a lower level, a path following logic computes the control inputs in order to follow the assigned path, while satisfying all constraints. The approach is tested here in simulations, reporting extremely good performance as measured by closed-loop cost function values and computational efficiency, also with very large prediction horizon values. These features pave the way to a number of subsequent research steps, which will culminate with the experimental testing on a pilot plant.      
### 16.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface for 6G and Beyond: Motivations, Principles, Applications, and Research Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04300.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) or intelligent reflecting surfaces (IRSs) are regarded as one of the most promising and revolutionizing technologies for enhancing the spectrum and energy efficiency of wireless systems. These devices reconfigure the wireless propagation environment by carefully tuning the phase shifts of a large number of low-cost passive reflecting elements. In this article, we aim to answer four fundmental questions: 1) Why do we need RISs? 2) What is an RIS? 3) What are its applications? 4) What are the relevant challenges and future research directions? In particular, ten promising research directions are emphasized.      
### 17.Numerology Selection for OFDM Systems Based on Deep Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04247.pdf)
>  In order to support diverse scenarios and deployments, the numerology of orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) is defined for the parametrization of subcarrier spacing and cyclic prefix (CP). The time-frequency dispersion of mobile radio channels and the channel noise result in different performance deterioration in different numerologies. In this letter, we propose a deep neutral network (DNN) approach for numerology selection of OFDM systems. Considering the inter-symbol interference (ISI), inter-carrier interference (ICI) and noise level, the SNR loss is established as the objective to be minimized. We extract the power delay profile, mobile velocity and noise power as the input features to the DNN. The proposed DNN learns from the channel characteristics to obtain the optimal numerology selection. Simulation results show that the proposed DNN achieves better performance than the existing methods. The decision boundaries of different numerologies are also illustrated to show the application range according to the channel characteristics.      
### 18.PAMS: Quantized Super-Resolution via Parameterized Max Scale  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04212.pdf)
>  Deep convolutional neural networks (DCNNs) have shown dominant performance in the task of super-resolution (SR). However, their heavy memory cost and computation overhead significantly restrict their practical deployments on resource-limited devices, which mainly arise from the floating-point storage and operations between weights and activations. Although previous endeavors mainly resort to fixed-point operations, quantizing both weights and activations with fixed coding lengths may cause significant performance drop, especially on low bits. Specifically, most state-of-the-art SR models without batch normalization have a large dynamic quantization range, which also serves as another cause of performance drop. To address these two issues, we propose a new quantization scheme termed PArameterized Max Scale (PAMS), which applies the trainable truncated parameter to explore the upper bound of the quantization range adaptively. Finally, a structured knowledge transfer (SKT) loss is introduced to fine-tune the quantized network. Extensive experiments demonstrate that the proposed PAMS scheme can well compress and accelerate the existing SR models such as EDSR and RDN. Notably, 8-bit PAMS-EDSR improves PSNR on Set5 benchmark from 32.095dB to 32.124dB with 2.42$\times$ compression ratio, which achieves a new state-of-the-art.      
### 19.Distributed Optimal Conservation Voltage Reduction in Integrated Primary-Secondary Distribution Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04167.pdf)
>  This paper proposes an asychronous distributed leader-follower control method to achieve conversation voltage reduction (CVR) in three-phase unbalanced distribution systems by optimally scheduling smart inverters of distributed energy resources (DERs). One feature of the proposed method is to consider integrated primary-secondary distribution networks and voltage dependent loads. To ease the computational complexity introduced by the large number of secondary networks, we partition a system into distributed leader-follower control zones based on the network connectivity. To address the non-convexity from the nonlinear power flow and load models, a feedback-based linear approximation using instantaneous power and voltage measurements is proposed. This enables the online implementation of the proposed method to achieve fast tracking of system variations led by DERs. Another feature of the proposed method is the asynchronous implementations of the leader-follower controllers, which makes it compatible with non-uniform update rates and robust against communication delays and failures. Numerical tests are performed on a real distribution feeder in Midwest U. S. to validate the effectiveness and robustness of the proposed method.      
### 20.Fine Perceptive GANs for Brain MR Image Super-Resolution in Wavelet Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04145.pdf)
>  Magnetic resonance imaging plays an important role in computer-aided diagnosis and brain exploration. However, limited by hardware, scanning time and cost, it's challenging to acquire high-resolution (HR) magnetic resonance (MR) image clinically. In this paper, fine perceptive generative adversarial networks (FP-GANs) is proposed to produce HR MR images from low-resolution counterparts. It can cope with the detail insensitive problem of the existing super-resolution model in a divide-and-conquer manner. Specifically, FP-GANs firstly divides an MR image into low-frequency global approximation and high-frequency anatomical texture in wavelet domain. Then each sub-band generative adversarial network (sub-band GAN) conquers the super-resolution procedure of each single sub-band image. Meanwhile, sub-band attention is deployed to tune focus between global and texture information. It can focus on sub-band images instead of feature maps to further enhance the anatomical reconstruction ability of FP-GANs. In addition, inverse discrete wavelet transformation (IDWT) is integrated into model for taking the reconstruction of whole image into account. Experiments on MultiRes_7T dataset demonstrate that FP-GANs outperforms the competing methods quantitatively and qualitatively.      
### 21.Learning Hybrid Control Barrier Functions from Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04112.pdf)
>  Motivated by the lack of systematic tools to obtain safe control laws for hybrid systems, we propose an optimization-based framework for learning certifiably safe control laws from data. In particular, we assume a setting in which the system dynamics are known and in which data exhibiting safe system behavior is available. We propose hybrid control barrier functions for hybrid systems as a means to synthesize safe control inputs. Based on this notion, we present an optimization-based framework to learn such hybrid control barrier functions from data. Importantly, we identify sufficient conditions on the data such that feasibility of the optimization problem ensures correctness of the learned hybrid control barrier functions, and hence the safety of the system. We illustrate our findings in two simulations studies, including a compass gait walker.      
### 22.Enabling DER Participation in Frequency Regulation Markets  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04101.pdf)
>  Distributed energy resources (DERs) are playing an increasing role in ancillary services for the bulk grid, particularly in frequency regulation. In this paper, we propose a framework for collections of DERs, combined to form microgrids and controlled by aggregators, to participate in frequency regulation markets. Our approach covers both the identification of bids for the market clearing stage and the mechanisms for the real-time allocation of the regulation signal. The proposed framework is hierarchical, consisting of a top layer and a bottom layer. The top layer consists of the aggregators communicating in a distributed fashion to optimally disaggregate the regulation signal requested by the system operator. The bottom layer consists of the DERs inside each microgrid whose power levels are adjusted so that the tie line power matches the output of the corresponding aggregator in the top layer. The coordination at the top layer requires the knowledge of cost functions, ramp rates and capacity bounds of the aggregators. We develop meaningful abstractions for these quantities respecting the power flow constraints and taking into account the load uncertainties, and propose a provably correct distributed algorithm for optimal disaggregation of regulation signal amongst the microgrids.      
### 23.Listen, Look and Deliberate: Visual context-aware speech recognition using pre-trained text-video representations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04084.pdf)
>  In this study, we try to address the problem of leveraging visual signals to improve Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR), also known as visual context-aware ASR (VC-ASR). We explore novel VC-ASR approaches to leverage video and text representations extracted by a self-supervised pre-trained text-video embedding model. Firstly, we propose a multi-stream attention architecture to leverage signals from both audio and video modalities. This architecture consists of separate encoders for the two modalities and a single decoder that attends over them. We show that this architecture is better than fusing modalities at the signal level. Additionally, we also explore leveraging the visual information in a second pass model, which has also been referred to as a `deliberation model'. The deliberation model accepts audio representations and text hypotheses from the first pass ASR and combines them with a visual stream for an improved visual context-aware recognition. The proposed deliberation scheme can work on top of any well trained ASR and also enabled us to leverage the pre-trained text model to ground the hypotheses with the visual features. Our experiments on HOW2 dataset show that multi-stream and deliberation architectures are very effective at the VC-ASR task. We evaluate the proposed models for two scenarios; clean audio stream and distorted audio in which we mask out some specific words in the audio. The deliberation model outperforms the multi-stream model and achieves a relative WER improvement of 6% and 8.7% for the clean and masked data, respectively, compared to an audio-only model. The deliberation model also improves recovering the masked words by 59% relative.      
### 24.Real-time Surgical Environment Enhancement for Robot-Assisted Minimally Invasive Surgery Based on Super-Resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04003.pdf)
>  In Robot-Assisted Minimally Invasive Surgery (RAMIS), a camera assistant is normally required to control the position and zooming ratio of the laparoscope, following the surgeon's instructions. However, moving the laparoscope frequently may lead to unstable and suboptimal views, while the adjustment of zooming ratio may interrupt the workflow of the surgical operation. To this end, we propose a multi-scale Generative Adversarial Network (GAN)-based video super-resolution method to construct a framework for automatic zooming ratio adjustment. It can provide automatic real-time zooming for high-quality visualization of the Region Of Interest (ROI) during the surgical operation. In the pipeline of the framework, the Kernel Correlation Filter (KCF) tracker is used for tracking the tips of the surgical tools, while the Semi-Global Block Matching (SGBM) based depth estimation and Recurrent Neural Network (RNN)-based context-awareness are developed to determine the upscaling ratio for zooming. The framework is validated with the JIGSAW dataset and Hamlyn Centre Laparoscopic/Endoscopic Video Datasets, with results demonstrating its practicability.      
### 25.Online power system parameter estimation and optimal operation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03988.pdf)
>  The integration of renewables into electrical grids calls for optimization-based control schemes requiring reliable grid models. Classically, parameter estimation and optimization-based control is often decoupled, which leads to high system operation cost in the estimation procedure. The present work proposes a method for simultaneously minimizing grid operation cost and optimally estimating line parameters based on methods for the optimal design of experiments. This method leads to a substantial reduction in cost for optimal estimation and in higher accuracy in the parameters compared with standard Optimal Power Flow and maximum-likelihood estimation. We illustrate the performance of the proposed method on a benchmark system.      
### 26.Topology Inference for Multi-agent Cooperation under Unmeasurable Latent Input  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03964.pdf)
>  Topology inference is a crucial problem for cooperative control in multi-agent systems. Different from most prior works, this paper is dedicated to inferring the directed network topology from the observations that consist of a single, noisy and finite time-series system trajectory, where the cooperation dynamics is stimulated with the initial network state and the unmeasurable latent input. The unmeasurable latent input refers to intrinsic system signal and extrinsic environment interference. Considering the time-invariant/varying nature of the input, we propose two-layer optimization-based and iterative estimation based topology inference algorithms (TO-TIA and IE-TIA), respectively. TO-TIA allows us to capture the separability of global agent state and eliminates the unknown influence of time-invariant input on system dynamics. IE-TIA further exploits the identifiability and estimability of more general time-varying input and provides an asymptotic solution with desired convergence properties, with higher computation cost compared with TO-TIA. Our novel algorithms relax the dependence of observation scale and leverage the empirical risk reformulation to improve the inference accuracy in terms of the topology structure and edge weight. Comprehensive theoretical analysis and simulations for various topologies are provided to illustrate the inference feasibility and the performance of the proposed algorithms.      
### 27.Fine-grained style modelling and transfer in text-to-speech synthesis via content-style disentanglement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03943.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel neural model for fine-grained style modeling and transfer in expressive text-to-speech (TTS) synthesis. By applying collaborative learning and adversarial learning strategies with thoughtfully designed loss functions, the proposed model is able to perform effective phoneme-level disentanglement of content factor and style factor of speech. Speech style transfer can be achieved by combining the style embedding extracted from a reference utterance with the phoneme embedding derived from the source text. Results of objective evaluation show that the synthesized speech preserves the intended content and carries similar prosody to the reference speech. Results of subjective evaluation show that the new model performs better than other fine-grained style transfer TTS models.      
### 28.Joint Constellation Rotation and Symbol-level Precoding Optimization in the Downlink of Multiuser MISO Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03935.pdf)
>  This paper tackles the problem of the simultaneous interference among the multiple users in the downlink of a wireless multiantenna system. In order to exploit the multiuser interference and transform it into useful power at the receiver side, symbol-level precoding is utilized through joint exploitation of the data from each individual user and the channel state information. This paper introduces a complexity reduction scheme that exploits the constellations symmetry to reduce the number of possible calculations and the number of constraints in the symbol-level optimization problem. This paper also proposes a new transmission technique that jointly optimizes the transmit symbol-level precoding and the constellation rotation of the data stream for each user. The purpose is to increase the probability of having constructive interference, and thus better performance. We focus on improving the energy efficiency by reducing the required power to satisfy certain quality of service constraints through solving a symbol-level precoding problem and finding the optimal phase by which each user constellation should be rotated. This problem is non-convex, therefore, we propose an efficient branch-and-bound algorithm combined with semidefinite relaxation to solve the problem and find an efficient solution. Numerical results are presented in a comparative fashion to show the effectiveness of the proposed technique, which outperforms the state-of-the-art symbol-level precoding schemes in terms of energy efficiency, and power consumption.      
### 29.Cross-Modal Self-Attention Distillation for Prostate Cancer Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03908.pdf)
>  Automatic segmentation of the prostate cancer from the multi-modal magnetic resonance images is of critical importance for the initial staging and prognosis of patients. However, how to use the multi-modal image features more efficiently is still a challenging problem in the field of medical image segmentation. In this paper, we develop a cross-modal self-attention distillation network by fully exploiting the encoded information of the intermediate layers from different modalities, and the extracted attention maps of different modalities enable the model to transfer the significant spatial information with more details. Moreover, a novel spatial correlated feature fusion module is further employed for learning more complementary correlation and non-linear information of different modality images. We evaluate our model in five-fold cross-validation on 358 MRI with biopsy confirmed. Extensive experiment results demonstrate that our proposed network achieves state-of-the-art performance.      
### 30.Online Multi-Objective Model-Independent Adaptive Tracking Mechanism for Dynamical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03881.pdf)
>  The optimal tracking problem is addressed in the robotics literature by using a variety of robust and adaptive control approaches. However, these schemes are associated with implementation limitations such as applicability in uncertain dynamical environments with complete or partial model-based control structures, complexity and integrity in discrete-time environments, and scalability in complex coupled dynamical systems. An online adaptive learning mechanism is developed to tackle the above limitations and provide a generalized solution platform for a class of tracking control problems. This scheme minimizes the tracking errors and optimizes the overall dynamical behavior using simultaneous linear feedback control strategies. Reinforcement learning approaches based on value iteration processes are adopted to solve the underlying Bellman optimality equations. The resulting control strategies are updated in real time in an interactive manner without requiring any information about the dynamics of the underlying systems. Means of adaptive critics are employed to approximate the optimal solving value functions and the associated control strategies in real time. The proposed adaptive tracking mechanism is illustrated in simulation to control a flexible wing aircraft under uncertain aerodynamic learning environment.      
### 31.RFEye in the Sky  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03846.pdf)
>  We introduce RFEye, a generalized technique to locate signals independent of the waveform, using a single Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) equipped with only one omnidirectional antenna. This is achieved by acquiring signals from uncoordinated positions within a sphere of 1-meter radius at two nearby locations and formulating an asynchronous, distributed receiver beamforming at the UAV to compute the Direction of Arrival (DoA) from the unknown transmitter. The proposed method includes four steps: 1) Blind detection and extraction of unique signature in the signal to be localized, 2) Asynchronous signal acquisition and conditioning, 3) DoA calculation by creating a virtual distributed antenna array at UAV and 4) Obtaining position fix of emitter using DoA from two locations. These steps are analyzed for various sources of error, computational complexity and compared with widely used signal subspace-based DoA estimation algorithms. RFEye is implemented using an Intel-Aero UAV, equipped with a USRP B205 software-defined radio to acquire signals from a ground emitter. Practical outdoor experiments show that RFEye achieves a median accuracy of 1.03m in 2D and 2.5m in 3D for Wi-Fi, and 1.15m in 2D and 2.7m in 3D for LoRa (Long Range) waveforms, and is robust to external factors like wind and UAV position errors.      
### 32.Enhancement by postfiltering for speech and audio coding in ad-hoc sensor networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03810.pdf)
>  Enhancement algorithms for wireless acoustics sensor networks~(WASNs) are indispensable with the increasing availability and usage of connected devices with microphones. Conventional spatial filtering approaches for enhancement in WASNs approximate quantization noise with an additive Gaussian distribution, which limits performance due to the non-linear nature of quantization noise at lower bitrates. In this work, we propose a postfilter for enhancement based on Bayesian statistics to obtain a multidevice signal estimate, which explicitly models the quantization noise. Our experiments using PSNR, PESQ and MUSHRA scores demonstrate that the proposed postfilter can be used to enhance signal quality in ad-hoc sensor networks.      
### 33.Reducing latency and bandwidth for video streaming using keypoint extraction and digital puppetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03800.pdf)
>  COVID-19 has made video communication one of the most important modes of information exchange. While extensive research has been conducted on the optimization of the video streaming pipeline, in particular the development of novel video codecs, further improvement in the video quality and latency is required, especially under poor network conditions. This paper proposes an alternative to the conventional codec through the implementation of a keypoint-centric encoder relying on the transmission of keypoint information from within a video feed. The decoder uses the streamed keypoints to generate a reconstruction preserving the semantic features in the input feed. Focusing on video calling applications, we detect and transmit the body pose and face mesh information through the network, which are displayed at the receiver in the form of animated puppets. Using efficient pose and face mesh detection in conjunction with skeleton-based animation, we demonstrate a prototype requiring lower than 35 kbps bandwidth, an order of magnitude reduction over typical video calling systems. The added computational latency due to the mesh extraction and animation is below 120ms on a standard laptop, showcasing the potential of this framework for real-time applications. The code for this work is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/shubhamchandak94/digital-puppetry/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.Multiscale Point Cloud Geometry Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03799.pdf)
>  Recent years have witnessed the growth of point cloud based applications because of its realistic and fine-grained representation of 3D objects and scenes. However, it is a challenging problem to compress sparse, unstructured, and high-precision 3D points for efficient communication. In this paper, leveraging the sparsity nature of point cloud, we propose a multiscale end-to-end learning framework which hierarchically reconstructs the 3D Point Cloud Geometry (PCG) via progressive re-sampling. The framework is developed on top of a sparse convolution based autoencoder for point cloud compression and reconstruction. For the input PCG which has only the binary occupancy attribute, our framework translates it to a downscaled point cloud at the bottleneck layer which possesses both geometry and associated feature attributes. Then, the geometric occupancy is losslessly compressed using an octree codec and the feature attributes are lossy compressed using a learned probabilistic context model.Compared to state-of-the-art Video-based Point Cloud Compression (V-PCC) and Geometry-based PCC (G-PCC) schemes standardized by the Moving Picture Experts Group (MPEG), our method achieves more than 40% and 70% BD-Rate (Bjontegaard Delta Rate) reduction, respectively. Its encoding runtime is comparable to that of G-PCC, which is only 1.5% of V-PCC.      
### 35.Grading the Severity of Arteriolosclerosis from Retinal Arterio-venous Crossing Patterns  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03772.pdf)
>  The status of retinal arteriovenous crossing is of great significance for clinical evaluation of arteriolosclerosis and systemic hypertension. As an ophthalmology diagnostic criteria, Scheie's classification has been used to grade the severity of arteriolosclerosis. In this paper, we propose a deep learning approach to support the diagnosis process, which, to the best of our knowledge, is one of the earliest attempts in medical imaging. The proposed pipeline is three-fold. First, we adopt segmentation and classification models to automatically obtain vessels in a retinal image with the corresponding artery/vein labels and find candidate arteriovenous crossing points. Second, we use a classification model to validate the true crossing point. At last, the grade of severity for the vessel crossings is classified. To better address the problem of label ambiguity and imbalanced label distribution, we propose a new model, named multi-diagnosis team network (MDTNet), in which the sub-models with different structures or different loss functions provide different decisions. MDTNet unifies these diverse theories to give the final decision with high accuracy. Our severity grading method was able to validate crossing points with precision and recall of 96.3% and 96.3%, respectively. Among correctly detected crossing points, the kappa value for the agreement between the grading by a retina specialist and the estimated score was 0.85, with an accuracy of 0.92. The numerical results demonstrate that our method can achieve a good performance in both arteriovenous crossing validation and severity grading tasks. By the proposed models, we could build a pipeline reproducing retina specialist's subjective grading without feature extractions. The code is available for reproducibility.      
### 36.Multi-Antenna Data-Driven Eavesdropping Attacks and Symbol-Level Precoding Countermeasures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03750.pdf)
>  In this work, we consider secure communications in wireless multi-user (MU) multiple-input single-output (MISO) systems with channel coding in the presence of a multi-antenna eavesdropper (Eve). In this setting, we exploit machine learning (ML) tools to design soft and hard decoding schemes by using precoded pilot symbols as training data. In this context, we propose ML frameworks for decoders that allow an Eve to determine the transmitted message with high accuracy. We thereby show that MU-MISO systems are vulnerable to such eavesdropping attacks even when relatively secure transmission techniques are employed, such as symbol-level precoding (SLP). To counteract this attack, we propose two novel SLP-based schemes that increase the bit-error rate at Eve by impeding the learning process. We design these two security-enhanced schemes to meet different requirements regarding complexity, security, and power consumption. Simulation results validate both the ML-based eavesdropping attacks as well as the countermeasures, and show that the gain in security is achieved without affecting the decoding performance at the intended users.      
### 37.Stealthy hacking and secrecy of controlled state estimation systems with random dropouts  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03745.pdf)
>  We study the maximum information gain that an adversary may obtain through hacking without being detected. Consider a dynamical process observed by a sensor that transmits a local estimate of the system state to a remote estimator according to some reference transmission policy across a packet-dropping wireless channel equipped with acknowledgments (ACK). An adversary overhears the transmissions and proactively hijacks the sensor to reprogram its transmission policy. We define perfect secrecy as keeping the averaged expected error covariance bounded at the legitimate estimator and unbounded at the adversary. By analyzing the stationary distribution of the expected error covariance, we show that perfect secrecy can be attained for unstable systems only if the ACK channel has no packet dropouts. In other situations, we prove that independent of the reference policy and the detection methods, perfect secrecy is not attainable. For this scenario, we formulate a constrained Markov decision process to derive the optimal transmission policy that the adversary should implement at the sensor, and devise a Stackelberg game to derive the optimal reference policy for the legitimate estimator.      
### 38.ESPnet-se: end-to-end speech enhancement and separation toolkit designed for asr integration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03706.pdf)
>  We present ESPnet-SE, which is designed for the quick development of speech enhancement and speech separation systems in a single framework, along with the optional downstream speech recognition module. ESPnet-SE is a new project which integrates rich automatic speech recognition related models, resources and systems to support and validate the proposed front-end implementation (i.e. speech enhancement and separation).It is capable of processing both single-channel and multi-channel data, with various functionalities including dereverberation, denoising and source separation. We provide all-in-one recipes including data pre-processing, feature extraction, training and evaluation pipelines for a wide range of benchmark datasets. This paper describes the design of the toolkit, several important functionalities, especially the speech recognition integration, which differentiates ESPnet-SE from other open source toolkits, and experimental results with major benchmark datasets.      
### 39.Differentiable Predictive Control: An MPC Alternative for Unknown Nonlinear Systems using Constrained Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03699.pdf)
>  We present an alternative to model predictive control (MPC) for unknown nonlinear systems in low-resource embedded device settings. The structure of the presented data-driven control policy learning method, Differentiable Predictive Control (DPC), echos the structure of classical MPC, by i) using a prediction model capturing controlled system dynamics, ii) receding horizon optimal control action predictions, and iii) enforcing inequality constraints via penalty methods. However, contrary to MPC, the presented control architecture does not require the system dynamics model to synthesize the control policy. Instead, a dynamics model is learned end-to-end from time-series measurements of the system dynamics in the off-policy setup. The control policy is then optimized via gradient descent by differentiating the closed-loop system dynamics model. The proposed architecture allows to train the control policy to track the distribution of reference signals and handle time-varying inequality constraints. We experimentally demonstrate that it is possible to train generalizing constrained optimal control policies purely based on the observations of the dynamics of the unknown nonlinear system. The proposed control method is applied to a laboratory device in embedded implementation using a Raspberry Pi micro-controller. We demonstrate superior reference tracking control performance compared to classical explicit MPC and a baseline PI controller, and pivotal efficiency gains in online computational demands, memory requirements, policy complexity, and construction. Beyond improved control performance, the DPC method scales linearly compared to exponential scalability of the explicit MPC solved via multiparametric programming, hence, opening doors for applications in nonlinear systems with a large number of variables and fast sampling rates which are beyond the reach of classical explicit MPC.      
### 40.Deeply-Supervised Density Regression for Automatic Cell Counting in Microscopy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03683.pdf)
>  Accurately counting the number of cells in microscopy images is required in many medical diagnosis and biological studies. This task is tedious, time-consuming, and prone to subjective errors. However, designing automatic counting methods remains challenging due to low image contrast, complex background, large variance in cell shapes and counts, and significant cell occlusions in two-dimensional microscopy images. In this study, we proposed a new density regression-based method for automatically counting cells in microscopy images. The proposed method processes two innovations compared to other state-of-the-art density regression-based methods. First, the density regression model (DRM) is designed as a concatenated fully convolutional regression network (C-FCRN) to employ multi-scale image features for the estimation of cell density maps from given images. Second, auxiliary convolutional neural networks (AuxCNNs) are employed to assist in the training of intermediate layers of the designed C-FCRN to improve the DRM performance on unseen datasets. Experimental studies evaluated on four datasets demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed method.      
### 41.Maximum transmission reach for optical signals in elastic optical networks employing band division multiplexing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03671.pdf)
>  Multi-band transmission systems have emerged as a potential answer to the limited capacity of silica based optical fiber. It is based on utilizing the complete low-loss region of optical fibers. Additionally, elastic optical networks (EON) were proposed to efficiently manage limited resources in optical networks. The selection of route, modulation format and spectrum is the main problem that requires solving to operate an EON. Understanding how linear and nonlinear impairments accumulate during propagation in an optical fibre link in essential to solve this problem. Here we preset a study on the maximum reach optical signals can propagate in a multi-band environment for a variety of modulation formats with commonly used threshold values in EON.      
### 42.HDR Imaging with Quanta Image Sensors: Theoretical Limits and Optimal Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03614.pdf)
>  High dynamic range (HDR) imaging is one of the biggest achievements in modern photography. Traditional solutions to HDR imaging are designed for and applied to CMOS image sensors (CIS). However, the mainstream one-micron CIS cameras today generally have a high read noise and low frame-rate. These, in turn, limit the acquisition speed and quality, making the cameras slow in the HDR mode. In this paper, we propose a new computational photography technique for HDR imaging. Recognizing the limitations of CIS, we use the Quanta Image Sensor (QIS) to trade the spatial-temporal resolution with bit-depth. QIS is a single-photon image sensor that has comparable pixel pitch to CIS but substantially lower dark current and read noise. We provide a complete theoretical characterization of the sensor in the context of HDR imaging, by proving the fundamental limits in the dynamic range that QIS can offer and the trade-offs with noise and speed. In addition, we derive an optimal reconstruction algorithm for single-bit and multi-bit QIS. Our algorithm is theoretically optimal for \emph{all} linear reconstruction schemes based on exposure bracketing. Experimental results confirm the validity of the theory and algorithm, based on synthetic and real QIS data.      
### 43.Spatial Signal Strength Prediction using 3D Maps and Deep Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03597.pdf)
>  Machine learning (ML) and artificial neural networks (ANNs) have been successfully applied to simulating complex physics by learning physics models thanks to large data. Inspired by the successes of ANNs in physics modeling, we use deep neural networks (DNNs) to predict the radio signal strength field in an urban environment. Our algorithm relies on samples of signal strength collected across the prediction space and a 3D map of the environment, which enables it to predict the scattering of radio waves through the environment. While already extensive body of research exists in spatial signal strength prediction, our approach differs from most existing approaches in that it does not require the knowledge of the transmitter location, it does not require side channel information such as attenuation and shadowing parameters, and it is the first work, to the best of our knowledge, to use 3D maps to accomplish the task of signal strength prediction. This algorithm is developed for the purpose of placement optimization of a UAV or mobile robot to maximize the signal strength to or from a stationary transceiver but it also holds relevance to dynamic spectrum access networks, cellular coverage design, power control algorithms, etc.      
### 44.Lateral Control of a Convoy of Autonomous and Connected Vehicles with Limited Preview Information  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03587.pdf)
>  This paper deals with the lateral control of a convoy of autonomous and connected following vehicles (ACVs) for executing an Emergency Lane Change (ELC) maneuver. Typically, an ELC maneuver is triggered by emergency cues from the front or the end of convoy as a response to either avoiding an obstacle or making way for other vehicles to pass. From a safety viewpoint, connectivity of ACVs is essential as it entails obtaining or exchanging information about other ACVs in the convoy. This paper assumes that ACVs have reliable connectivity and that every following ACV has the information about GPS position traces of the lead and immediately preceding vehicles in the convoy. This information provides a "discretized" preview of the trajectory to be tracked. Based on the available information, this article focuses on two schemes for synthesizing lateral control of ACVs based on(a) a single composite ELC trajectory that fuses lead and preceding vehicle's GPS traces and (b) separate ELC trajectories based on preview data of preceding and lead vehicles. The former case entails the construction of a single composite ELC trajectory, determine the cross-track error, heading and yaw rate errors with respect to this trajectory and synthesize a lateral control action. The latter case entails the construction of two separate trajectories corresponding to the lead vehicle's and preceding vehicle's data separately and the subsequent computation of two sets of associated errors and lateral control actions and combining them to provide a steering command. Numerical and experimental results corroborate the effectiveness of these two schemes.      
### 45.Chest X-ray Image Phase Features for Improved Diagnosis of COVID-19 Using Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03585.pdf)
>  Recently, the outbreak of the novel Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic has seriously endangered human health and life. Due to limited availability of test kits, the need for auxiliary diagnostic approach has increased. Recent research has shown radiography of COVID-19 patient, such as CT and X-ray, contains salient information about the COVID-19 virus and could be used as an alternative diagnosis method. Chest X-ray (CXR) due to its faster imaging time, wide availability, low cost and portability gains much attention and becomes very promising. Computational methods with high accuracy and robustness are required for rapid triaging of patients and aiding radiologist in the interpretation of the collected data. In this study, we design a novel multi-feature convolutional neural network (CNN) architecture for multi-class improved classification of COVID-19 from CXR images. CXR images are enhanced using a local phase-based image enhancement method. The enhanced images, together with the original CXR data, are used as an input to our proposed CNN architecture. Using ablation studies, we show the effectiveness of the enhanced images in improving the diagnostic accuracy. We provide quantitative evaluation on two datasets and qualitative results for visual inspection. Quantitative evaluation is performed on data consisting of 8,851 normal (healthy), 6,045 pneumonia, and 3,323 Covid-19 CXR scans. In Dataset-1, our model achieves 95.57\% average accuracy for a three classes classification, 99\% precision, recall, and F1-scores for COVID-19 cases. For Dataset-2, we have obtained 94.44\% average accuracy, and 95\% precision, recall, and F1-scores for detection of COVID-19. Conclusions: Our proposed multi-feature guided CNN achieves improved results compared to single-feature CNN proving the importance of the local phase-based CXR image enhancement.      
### 46.Using Channel State Information for Physical Tamper Attack Detection in OFDM Systems: A Deep Learning Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03573.pdf)
>  This letter proposes a deep learning approach for detecting a change in transmitters' or receivers' antenna orientation as a physical tamper attack in OFDM systems using channel state information. We treat the physical tamper attack problem as a semi-supervised anomaly detection problem and utilize a deep convolutional autoencoder (DCAE) to tackle it. The past observations of the estimated channel state information (CSI) are used to train the DCAE. Then, the trained DCAE is deployed on the receiver to perform the physical tamper detection. Our experimental results show that the proposed approach, deployed in an office environment, is able to detect 99.6% of tamper events (TPR = 99.6%) while creating zero false alarms (FPR = 0%).      
### 47.Machine learning applications to DNA subsequence and restriction site analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03544.pdf)
>  Based on the BioBricks standard, restriction synthesis is a novel catabolic iterative DNA synthesis method that utilizes endonucleases to synthesize a query sequence from a reference sequence. In this work, the reference sequence is built from shorter subsequences by classifying them as applicable or inapplicable for the synthesis method using three different machine learning methods: Support Vector Machines (SVMs), random forest, and Convolution Neural Networks (CNNs). Before applying these methods to the data, a series of feature selection, curation, and reduction steps are applied to create an accurate and representative feature space. Following these preprocessing steps, three different pipelines are proposed to classify subsequences based on their nucleotide sequence and other relevant features corresponding to the restriction sites of over 200 endonucleases. The sensitivity using SVMs, random forest, and CNNs are 94.9%, 92.7%, 91.4%, respectively. Moreover, each method scores lower in specificity with SVMs, random forest, and CNNs resulting in 77.4%, 85.7%, and 82.4%, respectively. In addition to analyzing these results, the misclassifications in SVMs and CNNs are investigated. Across these two models, different features with a derived nucleotide specificity visually contribute more to classification compared to other features. This observation is an important factor when considering new nucleotide sensitivity features for future studies.      
### 48.Automated Adversary Emulation for Cyber-Physical Systems via Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04635.pdf)
>  Adversary emulation is an offensive exercise that provides a comprehensive assessment of a system's resilience against cyber attacks. However, adversary emulation is typically a manual process, making it costly and hard to deploy in cyber-physical systems (CPS) with complex dynamics, vulnerabilities, and operational uncertainties. In this paper, we develop an automated, domain-aware approach to adversary emulation for CPS. We formulate a Markov Decision Process (MDP) model to determine an optimal attack sequence over a hybrid attack graph with cyber (discrete) and physical (continuous) components and related physical dynamics. We apply model-based and model-free reinforcement learning (RL) methods to solve the discrete-continuous MDP in a tractable fashion. As a baseline, we also develop a greedy attack algorithm and compare it with the RL procedures. We summarize our findings through a numerical study on sensor deception attacks in buildings to compare the performance and solution quality of the proposed algorithms.      
### 49.A Fast and Reliable Pick-and-Place Application with a Spherical Soft Robotic Arm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04624.pdf)
>  This paper presents the application of a learning control approach for the realization of a fast and reliable pick-and-place application with a spherical soft robotic arm. The arm is characterized by a lightweight design and exhibits compliant behavior due to the soft materials deployed. A soft, continuum joint is employed, which allows for simultaneous control of one translational and two rotational degrees of freedom in a single joint. This allows us to axially approach and pick an object with the attached suction cup during the pick-and-place application. An analytical mapping based on pressure differences and the antagonistic actuator configuration is introduced, allowing decoupling of the system dynamics and simplifying the modeling and control. A linear parameter-varying model is identified, which is parametrized by the attached load mass and a parameter related to the joint stiffness. A gain-scheduled feedback controller is proposed, which asymptotically stabilizes the robotic system for aggressive tuning and over large variations of the parameters considered. The control architecture is augmented with an iterative learning control scheme enabling accurate tracking of aggressive trajectories involving set point transitions of 60 degrees within 0.3 seconds (no mass attached) to 0.6 seconds (load mass attached). The modeling and control approach proposed results in a reliable realization of a pick-and-place application and is experimentally demonstrated.      
### 50.FUN! Fast, Universal, Non-Semantic Speech Embeddings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04609.pdf)
>  Learned speech representations can drastically improve performance on tasks with limited labeled data. However, due to their size and complexity, learned representations have limited utility in mobile settings where run-time performance is a significant bottleneck. We propose a class of lightweight universal speech embedding models based on MobileNet that are designed to run efficiently on mobile devices. These embeddings, which encapsulate speech non-semantics and thus can be re-used for several tasks, are trained via knowledge distillation. We show that these embedding models are fast enough to run in real-time on a variety of mobile devices and exhibit negligible performance degradation on most tasks in a recently published benchmark of non-semantic speech tasks. Furthermore, we demonstrate that these representations are useful for mobile health tasks such as mask detection during speech and non-speech human sounds detection.      
### 51.Musical analysis of Stravinski's "The Rite of Spring" based on computational methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04568.pdf)
>  Stravinski's "The Rite of Spring" is one of the most well-known pieces from the classical contemporary music repertoire. However, its analysis has aroused different opinions within its construction and compositional foundations. In this sense, I here proposed my own manual analysis and a computational approach which aims to find a similar analysis, giving the opportunity of discovering new possible points of view and supplying the current deficiencies of the Musi"c Computing common analysis systems.      
### 52.Data Augmentation For Children's Speech Recognition -- The "Ethiopian" System For The SLT 2021 Children Speech Recognition Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04547.pdf)
>  This paper presents the "Ethiopian" system for the SLT 2021 Children Speech Recognition Challenge. Various data processing and augmentation techniques are proposed to tackle children's speech recognition problem, especially the lack of the children's speech recognition training data issue. Detailed experiments are designed and conducted to show the effectiveness of each technique, across different speech recognition toolkits and model architectures. Step by step, we explain how we come up with our final system, which provides the state-of-the-art results in the SLT 2021 Children Speech Recognition Challenge, with 21.66% CER on the Track 1 evaluation set (4th place overall), and 16.53% CER on the Track 2 evaluation set (1st place overall). Post-challenge analysis shows that our system actually achieves 18.82% CER on the Track 1 evaluation set, but we submitted the wrong version to the challenge organizer for Track 1.      
### 53.Mask Proxy Loss for Text-Independent Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04491.pdf)
>  Open-set speaker recognition can be regarded as a metric learning problem, which is to maximize inter-class variance and minimize intra-class variance. Supervised metric learning can be categorized into entity-based learning and proxy-based learning\protect\footnote{Different from the definition in \cite{Proxyanchor}, we adopt the concept of entity-based learning rather than pair-based learning to illustrate the data-to-data relationship. Entity refers to real data point.}. Most of existing metric learning objectives like Contrastive, Triplet, Prototypical, GE2E, etc all belong to the former division, the performance of which is either highly dependent on sample mining strategy or restricted by insufficient label information in the mini-batch. Proxy-based losses mitigate both shortcomings, however, fine-grained connections among entities are either not or indirectly leveraged. This paper proposes a Mask Proxy (MP) loss which directly incorporates both proxy-based relationship and entity-based relationship. We further propose Multinomial Mask Proxy (MMP) loss to leverage the hardness of entity-to-entity pairs. These methods have been applied to evaluate on VoxCeleb test set and reach state-of-the-art Equal Error Rate(EER).      
### 54.Deep Transfer Learning for Automated Diagnosis of Skin Lesions from Photographs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04475.pdf)
>  Melanoma is the most common form of skin cancer worldwide. Currently, the disease is diagnosed by expert dermatologists, which is costly and requires timely access to medical treatment. Recent advances in deep learning have the potential to improve diagnostic performance, expedite urgent referrals and reduce burden on clinicians. Through smart phones, the technology could reach people who would not normally have access to such healthcare services, e.g. in remote parts of the world, due to financial constraints or in 2020, COVID-19 cancellations. To this end, we have investigated various transfer learning approaches by leveraging model parameters pre-trained on ImageNet with finetuning on melanoma detection. We compare EfficientNet, MnasNet, MobileNet, DenseNet, SqueezeNet, ShuffleNet, GoogleNet, ResNet, ResNeXt, VGG and a simple CNN with and without transfer learning. We find the mobile network, EfficientNet (with transfer learning) achieves the best mean performance with an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) of 0.931$\pm$0.005 and an area under the precision recall curve (AUPRC) of 0.840$\pm$0.010. This is significantly better than general practitioners (0.83$\pm$0.03 AUROC) and dermatologists (0.91$\pm$0.02 AUROC).      
### 55.COVID-19 Patient Detection from Telephone Quality Speech Data  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04299.pdf)
>  In this paper, we try to investigate the presence of cues about the COVID-19 disease in the speech data. We use an approach that is similar to speaker recognition. Each sentence is represented as super vectors of short term Mel filter bank features for each phoneme. These features are used to learn a two-class classifier to separate the COVID-19 speech from normal. Experiments on a small dataset collected from YouTube videos show that an SVM classifier on this dataset is able to achieve an accuracy of 88.6% and an F1-Score of 92.7%. Further investigation reveals that some phone classes, such as nasals, stops, and mid vowels can distinguish the two classes better than the others.      
### 56.Knowledge Distillation for Singing Voice Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04297.pdf)
>  Singing Voice Detection (SVD) has been an active area of research in music information retrieval (MIR). Currently, two deep neural network-based methods, one based on CNN and the other on RNN, exist in literature that learn optimized features for the voice detection (VD) task and achieve state-of-the-art performance on common datasets. Both these models have a huge number of parameters (1.4M for CNN and 65.7K for RNN) and hence not suitable for deployment on devices like smartphones or embedded sensors with limited capacity in terms of memory and computation power. The most popular method to address this issue is known as knowledge distillation in deep learning literature (in addition to model compression) where a large pretrained network known as the teacher is used to train a smaller student network. However, to the best of our knowledge, such methods have not been explored yet in the domain of SVD. In this paper, efforts have been made to investigate this issue using both conventional as well as ensemble knowledge distillation techniques. Through extensive experimentation on the publicly available Jamendo dataset, we show that, not only it's possible to achieve comparable accuracies with far smaller models (upto 1000x smaller in terms of parameters), but fascinatingly, in some cases, smaller models trained with distillation, even surpass the current state-of-the-art models on voice detection performance.      
### 57.STOI-Net: A Deep Learning based Non-Intrusive Speech Intelligibility Assessment Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04292.pdf)
>  The calculation of most objective speech intelligibility assessment metrics requires clean speech as a reference. Such a requirement may limit the applicability of these metrics in real-world scenarios. To overcome this limitation, we propose a deep learning-based non-intrusive speech intelligibility assessment model, namely STOI-Net. The input and output of STOI-Net are speech spectral features and predicted STOI scores, respectively. The model is formed by the combination of a convolutional neural network and bidirectional long short-term memory (CNN-BLSTM) architecture with a multiplicative attention mechanism. Experimental results show that the STOI score estimated by STOI-Net has a good correlation with the actual STOI score when tested with noisy and enhanced speech utterances. The correlation values are 0.97 and 0.83, respectively, for the seen test condition (the test speakers and noise types are involved in the training set) and the unseen test condition (the test speakers and noise types are not involved in the training set). The results confirm the capability of STOI-Net to accurately predict the STOI scores without referring to clean speech.      
### 58.Unified Quality Assessment of In-the-Wild Videos with Mixed Datasets Training  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04263.pdf)
>  Video quality assessment (VQA) is an important problem in computer vision. The videos in computer vision applications are usually captured in the wild. We focus on automatically assessing the quality of in-the-wild videos, which is a challenging problem due to the absence of reference videos, the complexity of distortions, and the diversity of video contents. Moreover, the video contents and distortions among existing datasets are quite different, which leads to poor performance of data-driven methods in the cross-dataset evaluation setting. To improve the performance of quality assessment models, we borrow intuitions from human perception, specifically, content dependency and temporal-memory effects of human visual system. To face the cross-dataset evaluation challenge, we explore a mixed datasets training strategy for training a single VQA model with multiple datasets. The proposed unified framework explicitly includes three stages: relative quality assessor, nonlinear mapping, and dataset-specific perceptual scale alignment, to jointly predict relative quality, perceptual quality, and subjective quality. Experiments are conducted on four publicly available datasets for VQA in the wild, i.e., LIVE-VQC, LIVE-Qualcomm, KoNViD-1k, and CVD2014. The experimental results verify the effectiveness of the mixed datasets training strategy and prove the superior performance of the unified model in comparison with the state-of-the-art models. For reproducible research, we make the PyTorch implementation of our method available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/lidq92/MDTVSFA" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 59.Enhanced Few-shot Learning for Intrusion Detection in Railway Video Surveillance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04254.pdf)
>  Video surveillance is gaining increasing popularity to assist in railway intrusion detection in recent years. However, efficient and accurate intrusion detection remains a challenging issue due to: (a) limited sample number: only small sample size (or portion) of intrusive video frames is available; (b) low inter-scene dissimilarity: various railway track area scenes are captured by cameras installed in different landforms; (c) high intra-scene similarity: the video frames captured by an individual camera share a same backgound. In this paper, an efficient few-shot learning solution is developed to address the above issues. In particular, an enhanced model-agnostic meta-learner is trained using both the original video frames and segmented masks of track area extracted from the video. Moreover, theoretical analysis and engineering solutions are provided to cope with the highly similar video frames in the meta-model training phase. The proposed method is tested on realistic railway video dataset. Numerical results show that the enhanced meta-learner successfully adapts unseen scene with only few newly collected video frame samples, and its intrusion detection accuracy outperforms that of the standard randomly initialized supervised learning.      
### 60.A Learning-Based Tune-Free Control Framework for Large Scale Autonomous Driving System Deployment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04250.pdf)
>  This paper presents the design of a tune-free (human-out-of-the-loop parameter tuning) control framework, aiming at accelerating large scale autonomous driving system deployed on various vehicles and driving environments. The framework consists of three machine-learning-based procedures, which jointly automate the control parameter tuning for autonomous driving, including: a learning-based dynamic modeling procedure, to enable the control-in-the-loop simulation with highly accurate vehicle dynamics for parameter tuning; a learning-based open-loop mapping procedure, to solve the feedforward control parameters tuning; and more significantly, a Bayesian-optimization-based closed-loop parameter tuning procedure, to automatically tune feedback control (PID, LQR, MRAC, MPC, etc.) parameters in simulation environment. The paper shows an improvement in control performance with a significant increase in parameter tuning efficiency, in both simulation and road tests. This framework has been validated on different vehicles in US and China.      
### 61.Gated Recurrent Fusion with Joint Training Framework for Robust End-to-End Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04249.pdf)
>  The joint training framework for speech enhancement and recognition methods have obtained quite good performances for robust end-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR). However, these methods only utilize the enhanced feature as the input of the speech recognition component, which are affected by the speech distortion problem. In order to address this problem, this paper proposes a gated recurrent fusion (GRF) method with joint training framework for robust end-to-end ASR. The GRF algorithm is used to dynamically combine the noisy and enhanced features. Therefore, the GRF can not only remove the noise signals from the enhanced features, but also learn the raw fine structures from the noisy features so that it can alleviate the speech distortion. The proposed method consists of speech enhancement, GRF and speech recognition. Firstly, the mask based speech enhancement network is applied to enhance the input speech. Secondly, the GRF is applied to address the speech distortion problem. Thirdly, to improve the performance of ASR, the state-of-the-art speech transformer algorithm is used as the speech recognition component. Finally, the joint training framework is utilized to optimize these three components, simultaneously. Our experiments are conducted on an open-source Mandarin speech corpus called AISHELL-1. Experimental results show that the proposed method achieves the relative character error rate (CER) reduction of 10.04\% over the conventional joint enhancement and transformer method only using the enhanced features. Especially for the low signal-to-noise ratio (0 dB), our proposed method can achieves better performances with 12.67\% CER reduction, which suggests the potential of our proposed method.      
### 62.A New 4-DOF Robot for Rehabilitation of Knee and Ankle-Foot Complex: Simulation and Experiment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04230.pdf)
>  Stationary robotic trainers are lower limb rehab robots which often incorporate an exoskeleton attached to a stationary base. The issue observed in the stationery trainers for simultaneous knee and ankle-foot complex joints is that they restrict the natural motion of ankle-foot in the rehab trainings due to the insufficient Degrees of Freedom (DOFs) of these trainers. A new stationary knee-ankle-foot rehab robot with all necessary DOFs is developed here. A typical rehab training is first implemented in simulation, and then tested on a healthy subject. Results show that the proposed system functions naturally and meets the requirements of the desired rehab training.      
### 63.Stability and Robustness Analysis of Commensurate Fractional-order Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04204.pdf)
>  Motivated by biochemical reaction networks, a generalization of the classical secant condition for the stability analysis of cyclic interconnected commensurate fractional-order systems is provided. The main result presents a sufficient condition for stability of networks of cyclic interconnection of fractional-order systems when the digraph describing the network conforms to a single circuit. The condition becomes necessary under a special situation where coupling weights are uniform. We then investigate the robustness of fractional-order linear networks. Robustness performance of a fractional-order linear network is quantified using the $\mathcal{H}_2$-norm of the dynamical system. Finally, the theoretical results are confirmed via some numerical illustrations.      
### 64.Uncertainty-Aware Constraint Learning for Adaptive Safe Motion Planning from Demonstrations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04141.pdf)
>  We present a method for learning to satisfy uncertain constraints from demonstrations. Our method uses robust optimization to obtain a belief over the potentially infinite set of possible constraints consistent with the demonstrations, and then uses this belief to plan trajectories that trade off performance with satisfying the possible constraints. We use these trajectories in a closed-loop policy that executes and replans using belief updates, which incorporate data gathered during execution. We derive guarantees on the accuracy of our constraint belief and probabilistic guarantees on plan safety. We present results on a 7-DOF arm and 12D quadrotor, showing our method can learn to satisfy high-dimensional (up to 30D) uncertain constraints, and outperforms baselines in safety and efficiency.      
### 65.Virtual Model Control for Wheel-legged Robotic Systems with Prescribed Transient Performance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04138.pdf)
>  This work proposes a posture adjustment strategy for wheel-legged mechanisms via virtual model control with prescribed transient performance. A simple model of a rigid block subjected to a 6-dimensional force at the center of gravity (CoG) is introduced to be the virtual model of the wheel-legged control system. The force tracking of the wheel-legs is realized with prescribed transient performance based on the funnel control strategy. To improve the robustness of the scheme, an event-triggering condition is designed for on-line segment of the funnel function, such that the force tracking error evolves inside the performance funnel with proved convergence. The absence of Zeno behavior for the event-based mechanism is also guaranteed. With the force references of the wheel-legs are planned for the vector sum tracks the 6-dimensional force from the virtual model, the posture adjustment is achieved on uneven roads by the force tracking of wheel-legs. Experimental results are presented to validate the stability and effectiveness of the proposed method.      
### 66.Practical Bayesian System Identification using Hamiltonian Monte Carlo  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04117.pdf)
>  This paper addresses Bayesian system identification using a Markov Chain Monte Carlo approach. In particular, the Metroplis-Hastings algorithm with a Hamiltonian proposal - known as Hamiltonian Monte Carlo - is reviewed and adapted to linear and nonlinear system identification problems. The paper details how the Hamiltonian proposal can be arranged so that the associated Markov Chain performs well within the Metropolis-Hastings setting, which is a key practical challenge faced when using the latter approach for many system identification problems. This combination is demonstrated on several examples, ranging from simple linear to more complex nonlinear systems, on both simulated and real data.      
### 67.Synthesis of Interval Observers for Nonlinear Discrete-Time Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04093.pdf)
>  A systematic procedure to synthesize interval observers for nonlinear discrete-time systems is proposed. The feedback gains and other matrices are found from the solutions to semidefinite feasibility programs. Two cases are considered: (1) the interval observer is in the same coordinate frame as the given system, and (2) the interval observer uses a coordinate transformation. The conditions where coordinate transformations are necessary are detailed. Numerical examples are provided to showcase the effectiveness of the interval observers and demonstrate their application to sampled-data systems.      
### 68.Frequency Gating: Improved Convolutional Neural Networks for Speech Enhancement in the Time-Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04092.pdf)
>  One of the strengths of traditional convolutional neural networks (CNNs) is their inherent translational invariance. However, for the task of speech enhancement in the time-frequency domain, this property cannot be fully exploited due to a lack of invariance in the frequency direction. In this paper we propose to remedy this inefficiency by introducing a method, which we call Frequency Gating, to compute multiplicative weights for the kernels of the CNN in order to make them frequency dependent. Several mechanisms are explored: temporal gating, in which weights are dependent on prior time frames, local gating, whose weights are generated based on a single time frame and the ones adjacent to it, and frequency-wise gating, where each kernel is assigned a weight independent of the input data. Experiments with an autoencoder neural network with skip connections show that both local and frequency-wise gating outperform the baseline and are therefore viable ways to improve CNN-based speech enhancement neural networks. In addition, a loss function based on the extended short-time objective intelligibility score (ESTOI) is introduced, which we show to outperform the standard mean squared error (MSE) loss function.      
### 69.Stochastic Attention Head Removal: A Simple and Effective Method for Improving Automatic Speech Recognition with Transformers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.04004.pdf)
>  Recently, Transformers have shown competitive automatic speech recognition (ASR) results. One key factor to the success of these models is the multi-head attention mechanism. However, we observed in trained models, the diagonal attention matrices indicating the redundancy of the corresponding attention heads. Furthermore, we found some architectures with reduced numbers of attention heads have better performance. Since the search for the best structure is time prohibitive, we propose to randomly remove attention heads during training and keep all attention heads at test time, thus the final model can be viewed as an average of models with different architectures. This method gives consistent performance gains on the Wall Street Journal, AISHELL, Switchboard and AMI ASR tasks. On the AISHELL dev/test sets, the proposed method achieves state-of-the-art Transformer results with 5.8%/6.3% word error rates.      
### 70.Denoising-and-Dereverberation Hierarchical Neural Vocoder for Robust Waveform Generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03955.pdf)
>  This paper presents a denoising and dereverberation hierarchical neural vocoder (DNR-HiNet) to convert noisy and reverberant acoustic features into a clean speech waveform. We implement it mainly by modifying the amplitude spectrum predictor (ASP) in the original HiNet vocoder. This modified denoising and dereverberation ASP (DNR-ASP) can predict clean log amplitude spectra (LAS) from input degraded acoustic features. To achieve this, the DNR-ASP first predicts the noisy and reverberant LAS, noise LAS related to the noise information, and room impulse response related to the reverberation information then performs initial denoising and dereverberation. The initial processed LAS are then enhanced by another neural network as the final clean LAS. To further improve the quality of the generated clean LAS, we also introduce a bandwidth extension model and frequency resolution extension model in the DNR-ASP. The experimental results indicate that the DNR-HiNet vocoder was able to generate a denoised and dereverberated waveform given noisy and reverberant acoustic features and outperformed the original HiNet vocoder and a few other neural vocoders. We also applied the DNR-HiNet vocoder to speech enhancement tasks, and its performance was competitive with several advanced speech enhancement methods.      
### 71.A fast randomized incremental gradient method for decentralized non-convex optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03853.pdf)
>  We study decentralized non-convex finite-sum minimization problems described over a network of nodes, where each node possesses a local batch of data samples. We propose a single-timescale first-order randomized incremental gradient method, termed as GT-SAGA. GT-SAGA is computationally efficient since it evaluates only one component gradient per node per iteration and achieves provably fast and robust performance by leveraging node-level variance reduction and network-level gradient tracking. For general smooth non-convex problems, we show almost sure and mean-squared convergence to a first-order stationary point and describe regimes of practical significance where GT-SAGA achieves a network-independent convergence rate and outperforms the existing approaches respectively. When the global cost function further satisfies the Polyak-Lojaciewisz condition, we show that GT-SAGA exhibits global linear convergence to an optimal solution in expectation and describe regimes of practical interest where the performance is network-independent and improves upon the existing work. Numerical experiments based on real-world datasets are included to highlight the behavior and convergence aspects of the proposed method.      
### 72.Dual Application of Speech Enhancement for Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03840.pdf)
>  In this work, we exploit speech enhancement for improving a recurrent neural network transducer (RNN-T) based ASR system. We employ a dense convolutional recurrent network (DCRN) for complex spectral mapping based speech enhancement, and find it helpful for ASR in two ways: a data augmentation technique, and a preprocessing frontend. In using it for ASR data augmentation, we exploit a KL divergence based consistency loss that is computed between the ASR outputs of original and enhanced utterances. In using speech enhancement as an effective ASR frontend, we propose a three-step training scheme based on model pretraining and feature selection. We evaluate our proposed techniques on a challenging social media English video dataset, and achieve an average relative improvement of 11.2% with speech enhancement based data augmentation, 8.3% with enhancement based preprocessing, and 13.4% when combining both.      
### 73.Model-based Shape Control of Tensegrity Robotic Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03829.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a model-based approach to control the shape of a tensegrity system by driving its node position locations. The nonlinear dynamics of the tensegrity system is used to regulate position, velocity, and acceleration to the specified reference trajectory. State feedback control design is used to obtain the solution for the control variable as a linear programming problem. Shape control for the gyroscopic tensegrity systems is discussed, and it is observed that these systems increase the reachable space for the structure by providing independent control over certain rotational degrees of freedom. Disturbance rejection of the tensegrity system is further studied in the paper. A methodology to calculate the control gains to bound the errors for five different types of problems is provided. The formulation uses a Linear Matrix Inequality (LMI) approach to stipulate the desired performance bounds on the error for $\mathcal{H}_\infty$, generalized $\mathcal{H}_2$, LQR, covariance control and stabilizing control problem. A high degree of freedom tensegrity $T_2D_1$ robotic arm is used as an example to show the efficacy of the formulation.      
### 74.Remote Configuration of the ProASIC3 on the ALICE Inner Tracking System Readout Unit  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03815.pdf)
>  A Large Ion Collider Experiment (ALICE) is one of the four major experiments conducted at the CERN Large Hadron Collider (LHC). The ALICE detector is currently undergoing an upgrade for the upcoming Run 3 at the LHC. The new Inner Tracking System (ITS) sub-detector is part of this upgrade. The front-end electronics of the ITS is composed by 192 Readout Units, installed in a radiation environment. Single Event Upsets (SEUs) in the SRAM-based Xilinx Kintex Ultrascale FPGAs used in the ITS readout represent a real concern. To clear SEUs affecting the Kintex configuration memory, a secondary Flash-based Microsemi ProASIC3E (PA3) FPGA is used. This device configures and continuously scrubs the Xilinx FPGA while data-taking is ongoing, which avoids accumulation of SEUs. The communication path to the RUs is via the radiation hard Gigabit Transceiver (GBT) system on 100 m long optical links. The PA3 is reachable via the GBT Slow Control Adapter (GBT-SCA) ASIC using a dedicated JTAG bus driving channel. During the course of Run 3, it is foreseeable that the FPGA design of the PA3 will require upgrades to correct possible issues and add new functionality. It is therefore mandatory that the PA3 itself can be configured remotely, for which a dedicated software tool is needed. This paper presents the design and implementation of the distributed tools to re-configure remotely the PA3 FPGAs.      
### 75.A Multi-stream Convolutional Neural Network for Micro-expression Recognition Using Optical Flow and EVM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03756.pdf)
>  Micro-expression (ME) recognition plays a crucial role in a wide range of applications, particularly in public security and psychotherapy. Recently, traditional methods rely excessively on machine learning design and the recognition rate is not high enough for its practical application because of its short duration and low intensity. On the other hand, some methods based on deep learning also cannot get high accuracy due to problems such as the imbalance of databases. To address these problems, we design a multi-stream convolutional neural network (MSCNN) for ME recognition in this paper. Specifically, we employ EVM and optical flow to magnify and visualize subtle movement changes in MEs and extract the masks from the optical flow images. And then, we add the masks, optical flow images, and grayscale images into the MSCNN. After that, in order to overcome the imbalance of databases, we added a random over-sampler after the Dense Layer of the neural network. Finally, extensive experiments are conducted on two public ME databases: CASME II and SAMM. Compared with many recent state-of-the-art approaches, our method achieves more promising recognition results.      
### 76.Robustness and Diversity Seeking Data-Free Knowledge Distillation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03749.pdf)
>  Knowledge distillation (KD) has enabled remarkable progress in model compression and knowledge transfer. However, KD requires a large volume of original data or their representation statistics that are not usually available in practice. Data-free KD has recently been proposed to resolve this problem, wherein teacher and student models are fed by a synthetic sample generator trained from the teacher. Nonetheless, existing data-free KD methods rely on fine-tuning of weights to balance multiple losses, and ignore the diversity of generated samples, resulting in limited accuracy and robustness. To overcome this challenge, we propose robustness and diversity seeking data-free KD (RDSKD) in this paper. The generator loss function is crafted to produce samples with high authenticity, class diversity, and inter-sample diversity. Without real data, the objectives of seeking high sample authenticity and class diversity often conflict with each other, causing frequent loss fluctuations. We mitigate this by exponentially penalizing loss increments. With MNIST, CIFAR-10, and SVHN datasets, our experiments show that RDSKD achieves higher accuracy with more robustness over different hyperparameter settings, compared to other data-free KD methods such as DAFL, MSKD, ZSKD, and DeepInversion.      
### 77.Intelligent Reflecting Surface (IRS)-Aided Covert Wireless Communication with Delay Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03726.pdf)
>  This work examines the performance gain achieved by deploying an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) in covert communications. To this end, we formulate the joint design of the transmit power and the IRS reflection coefficients by taking into account the communication covertness for the cases with global channel state information (CSI) and without a warden's instantaneous CSI. For the case of global CSI, we first prove that perfect covertness is achievable with the aid of the IRS even for a single-antenna transmitter, which is impossible without an IRS. Then, we develop a penalty successive convex approximation (PSCA) algorithm to tackle the design problem. Considering the high complexity of the PSCA algorithm, we further propose a low-complexity two-stage algorithm, where analytical expressions for the transmit power and the IRS's reflection coefficients are derived. For the case without the warden's instantaneous CSI, we first derive the covertness constraint analytically facilitating the optimal phase shift design. Then, we consider three hardware-related constraints on the IRS's reflection amplitudes and determine their optimal designs together with the optimal transmit power. Our examination shows that significant performance gain can be achieved by deploying an IRS into covert communications.      
### 78.Exploiting User Mobility for WiFi RTT Positioning: A Geometric Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03698.pdf)
>  Due to the massive deployment of WiFi APs and its accessibility to various positioning elements, WiFi positioning is a key enabler to provide seamless and ubiquitous location services to users. There are various kinds of WiFi positioning technologies, depending on the concerned positioning element. Among them, round-trip time (RTT) measured by a fine-timing measurement protocol has received great attention recently. It provides an acceptable ranging accuracy near the service requirements in favorable environments when a line-of-sight (LOS) path exists. Otherwise, a signal is detoured along with non-LOS paths, making {the resultant ranging results} different from the ground-truth. The difference between the two is called an RTT bias, which is the main reason for poor positioning performance. To address it, we aim at leveraging the history of user mobility detected by a smartphone's inertial measurement units, called pedestrian dead reckoning (PDR). Specifically, PDR provides the geographic relation among adjacent locations, guiding the resultant positioning estimates' sequence not to deviate from the user trajectory. To this end, we describe their relations as multiple geometric equations, enabling us to render a novel positioning algorithm with acceptable accuracy. The algorithm is designed into two phases. First, an RTT bias of each AP can be compensated by leveraging the geometric relation mentioned above. It provides a user's relative trajectory defined on the local coordinate system of the concerned AP. Second, the user's absolute trajectory can be found by rotating every relative trajectory to be aligned, called trajectory alignment. The proposed algorithm gives a unique position when the number of detected steps and APs is at least 4 and 3 for linear mobility and 5 and 2 for arbitrary mobility.      
### 79.Detection and Evaluation of human and machine generated speech in spoofing attacks on automatic speaker verification systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03689.pdf)
>  Automatic speaker verification (ASV) systems utilize the biometric information in human speech to verify the speaker's identity. The techniques used for performing speaker verification are often vulnerable to malicious attacks that attempt to induce the ASV system to return wrong results, allowing an impostor to bypass the system and gain access. Attackers use a multitude of spoofing techniques for this, such as voice conversion, audio replay, speech synthesis, etc. In recent years, easily available tools to generate deepfaked audio have increased the potential threat to ASV systems. In this paper, we compare the potential of human impersonation (voice disguise) based attacks with attacks based on machine-generated speech, on black-box and white-box ASV systems. We also study countermeasures by using features that capture the unique aspects of human speech production, under the hypothesis that machines cannot emulate many of the fine-level intricacies of the human speech production mechanism. We show that fundamental frequency sequence-related entropy, spectral envelope, and aperiodic parameters are promising candidates for robust detection of deepfaked speech generated by unknown methods.      
### 80.Non-local convolutional neural networks (nlcnn) for speaker recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03682.pdf)
>  Speaker recognition is the process of identifying a speaker based on the voice. The technology has attracted more attention with the recent increase in popularity of smart voice assistants, such as Amazon Alexa. In the past few years, various convolutional neural network (CNN) based speaker recognition algorithms have been proposed and achieved satisfactory performance. However, convolutional operations are building blocks that typically perform on a local neighborhood at a time and thus miss to capture global, long-range interactions at the feature level which are critical for understanding the pattern in a speaker's voice. In this work, we propose to apply Non-local Convolutional Neural Networks (NLCNN) to improve the capability of capturing long-range dependencies at the feature level, therefore improving speaker recognition performance. Specifically, we introduce non-local blocks where the output response of a position is computed as a weighted sum of the input features at all positions. Combining non-local blocks with pre-defined CNN networks, we investigate the effectiveness of NLCNN models. Without extensive tuning, the proposed NLCNN models outperform state-of-the-art speaker recognition algorithms on the public Voxceleb dataset. What's more, we investigate different types of non-local operations applied to the frequency-time domain, time domain, frequency domain and frame-level respectively. Among them, time domain is the most effective one for speaker recognition applications.      
### 81.Stability of Gradient Learning Dynamics in Continuous Games: Scalar Action Spaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03650.pdf)
>  Learning processes in games explain how players grapple with one another in seeking an equilibrium. We study a natural model of learning based on individual gradients in two-player continuous games. In such games, the arguably natural notion of a local equilibrium is a differential Nash equilibrium. However, the set of locally exponentially stable equilibria of the learning dynamics do not necessarily coincide with the set of differential Nash equilibria of the corresponding game. To characterize this gap, we provide formal guarantees for the stability or instability of such fixed points by leveraging the spectrum of the linearized game dynamics. We provide a comprehensive understanding of scalar games and find that equilibria that are both stable and Nash are robust to variations in learning rates.      
### 82.Sliding on Manifolds: Geometric Attitude Control with Quaternions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03648.pdf)
>  This work proposes a quaternion-based sliding variable that describes exponentially convergent error dynamics for any forward complete desired attitude trajectory. The proposed sliding variable directly operates on the non-Euclidean space formed by quaternions and explicitly handles the double covering property to enable global attitude tracking when used in feedback. In-depth analysis of the sliding variable is provided and compared to others in the literature. Several feedback controllers including nonlinear PD, robust, and adaptive sliding control are then derived. Simulation results of a rigid body with uncertain dynamics demonstrate the effectiveness and superiority of the approach.      
### 83.Towards Spiral Brick Column Building Robots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03643.pdf)
>  Automation in construction has the potential to expand the technological landscape of labor intensive tasks, and bring gains in efficiency and productivity to sustain global competitiveness. In this paper we propose a task-level approach for assembly of spiral brick columns. Our extensive computational simulations using the generalized models of spiral brick columns show the feasibility, the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed approach. Our results offer the potential to use robots in automated construction of spiral brick columns with utmost efficiency.      
### 84.Fast Near-Optimal Heterogeneous Task Allocation via Flow Decomposition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03603.pdf)
>  Multi-robot systems are uniquely well-suited to performing complex tasks such as patrolling and tracking, information gathering, and pick-up and delivery problems, offering significantly higher performance than single-robot systems. A fundamental building block in most multi-robot systems is task allocation: assigning robots to tasks (e.g., patrolling an area, or servicing a transportation request) as they appear based on the robots' states to maximize reward. In many practical situations, the allocation must account for heterogeneous capabilities (e.g., availability of appropriate sensors or actuators) to ensure the feasibility of execution, and to promote a higher reward, over a long time horizon. To this end, we present the FlowDec algorithm for efficient heterogeneous task-allocation achieving an approximation factor of at least 1/2 of the optimal reward. Our approach decomposes the heterogeneous problem into several homogeneous subproblems that can be solved efficiently using min-cost flow. Through simulation experiments, we show that our algorithm is faster by several orders of magnitude than a MILP approach.      
### 85.Reactive motion planning with probabilistics safety guarantees  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03590.pdf)
>  Motion planning in environments with multiple agents is critical to many important autonomous applications such as autonomous vehicles and assistive robots. This paper considers the problem of motion planning, where the controlled agent shares the environment with multiple uncontrolled agents. First, a predictive model of the uncontrolled agents is trained to predict all possible trajectories within a short horizon based on the scenario. The prediction is then fed to a motion planning module based on model predictive control. We proved generalization bound for the predictive model using three different methods, post-bloating, support vector machine (SVM), and conformal analysis, all capable of generating stochastic guarantees of the correctness of the predictor. The proposed approach is demonstrated in simulation in a scenario emulating autonomous highway driving.      
### 86.Wave-Tacotron: Spectrogram-free end-to-end text-to-speech synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03568.pdf)
>  We describe a sequence-to-sequence neural network which can directly generate speech waveforms from text inputs. The architecture extends the Tacotron model by incorporating a normalizing flow into the autoregressive decoder loop. Output waveforms are modeled as a sequence of non-overlapping fixed-length frames, each one containing hundreds of samples. The interdependencies of waveform samples within each frame are modeled using the normalizing flow, enabling parallel training and synthesis. Longer-term dependencies are handled autoregressively by conditioning each flow on preceding frames. This model can be optimized directly with maximum likelihood, without using intermediate, hand-designed features nor additional loss terms. Contemporary state-of-the-art text-to-speech (TTS) systems use a cascade of separately learned models: one (such as Tacotron) which generates intermediate features (such as spectrograms) from text, followed by a vocoder (such as WaveRNN) which generates waveform samples from the intermediate features. The proposed system, in contrast, does not use a fixed intermediate representation, and learns all parameters end-to-end. Experiments show that the proposed model generates speech with quality approaching a state-of-the-art neural TTS system, with significantly improved generation speed.      
### 87.X-ray dark-field signal reduction due to hardening of the visibility spectrum  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03542.pdf)
>  X-ray dark-field imaging enables a spatially-resolved visualization of small-angle X-ray scattering. Using phantom measurements, we demonstrate that a material's effective dark-field signal may be reduced by modification of the visibility spectrum by other dark-field-active objects in the beam. This is the dark-field equivalent of conventional beam-hardening, and is distinct from related, known effects, where the dark-field signal is modified by attenuation or phase shifts. We present a theoretical model for this group of effects and verify it by comparison to the measurements. These findings have significant implications for the interpretation of dark-field signal strength in polychromatic measurements.      
### 88.Nano-robotic based Thrombolysis: Dissolving Blood Clots using Nanobots  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03534.pdf)
>  Medicine has taken a big jump in its advancement in the past few years. With the introduction of technology and the synthesis of personalized medicines, doctors have been successful in treating even the deadliest of the diseases. Though surgeries, which have been flourishing with a good success rate in the past, have become feasible and they are being regularly performed to reach out for internal infected areas that cannot be treated from the outside, there still are areas in the body that are physically beyond the reach of a doctor. Internal blood clots are one such problem that has been prolonging for a very long time and sometimes can be located in certain areas that are too deep inside, which makes them virtually impossible to reach, deep arteries or veins, narrow internal sections of brain or lungs. In this paper, we propose an approach which puts Nano-robotics into use to deal with the problem of internal blood clots. This method looks at introducing swamps of nanobots in ones bloodstream which acts as carriers of medicines to the sites which are difficult to access for treatment physically. This will not just ease the process but it promises to be far more efficient, precise and less invasive than the currently existing techniques.      
### 89.Improving RNN Transducer Based ASR with Auxiliary Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03109.pdf)
>  End-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR) models with a single neural network have recently demonstrated state-of-the-art results compared to conventional hybrid speech recognizers. Specifically, recurrent neural network transducer (RNN-T) has shown competitive ASR performance on various benchmarks. In this work, we examine ways in which RNN-T can achieve better ASR accuracy via performing auxiliary tasks. We propose (i) using the same auxiliary task as primary RNN-T ASR task, and (ii) performing context-dependent graphemic state prediction as in conventional hybrid modeling. In transcribing social media videos with varying training data size, we first evaluate the streaming ASR performance on three languages: Romanian, Turkish and German. We find that both proposed methods provide consistent improvements. Next, we observe that both auxiliary tasks demonstrate efficacy in learning deep transformer encoders for RNN-T criterion, thus achieving competitive results - 2.0%/4.2% WER on LibriSpeech test-clean/other - as compared to prior top performing models.      
