# ArXiv eess --Fri, 6 Nov 2020
### 1.Anomalous Sound Detection as a Simple Binary Classification Problem with Careful Selection of Proxy Outlier Examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02949.pdf)
>  Unsupervised anomalous sound detection is concerned with identifying sounds that deviate from what is defined as 'normal', without explicitly specifying the types of anomalies. A significant obstacle is the diversity and rareness of outliers, which typically prevent us from collecting a representative set of anomalous sounds. As a consequence, most anomaly detection methods use unsupervised rather than supervised machine learning methods. Nevertheless, we will show that anomalous sound detection can be effectively framed as a supervised classification problem if the set of anomalous samples is carefully substituted with what we call proxy outliers. Candidates for proxy outliers are available in abundance as they potentially include all recordings that are neither normal nor abnormal sounds. We experiment with the machine condition monitoring data set of the 2020's DCASE Challenge and find proxy outliers with matching recording conditions and high similarity to the target sounds particularly informative. If no data with similar sounds and matching recording conditions is available, data sets with a larger diversity in these two dimensions are preferable. Our models based on supervised training with proxy outliers achieved rank three in Task 2 of the DCASE2020 Challenge.      
### 2.Minimum Bayes Risk Training for End-to-End Speaker-Attributed ASR  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02921.pdf)
>  Recently, an end-to-end speaker-attributed automatic speech recognition (E2E SA-ASR) model was proposed as a joint model of speaker counting, speech recognition and speaker identification for monaural overlapped speech. In the previous study, the model parameters were trained based on the speaker-attributed maximum mutual information (SA-MMI) criterion, with which the joint posterior probability for multi-talker transcription and speaker identification are maximized over training data. Although SA-MMI training showed promising results for overlapped speech consisting of various numbers of speakers, the training criterion was not directly linked to the final evaluation metric, i.e., speaker-attributed word error rate (SA-WER). In this paper, we propose a speaker-attributed minimum Bayes risk (SA-MBR) training method where the parameters are trained to directly minimize the expected SA-WER over the training data. Experiments using the LibriSpeech corpus show that the proposed SA-MBR training reduces the SA-WER by 9.0 % relative compared with the SA-MMI-trained model.      
### 3.Multi-class Spectral Clustering with Overlaps for Speaker Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02900.pdf)
>  This paper describes a method for overlap-aware speaker diarization. Given an overlap detector and a speaker embedding extractor, our method performs spectral clustering of segments informed by the output of the overlap detector. This is achieved by transforming the discrete clustering problem into a convex optimization problem which is solved by eigen-decomposition. Thereafter, we discretize the solution by alternatively using singular value decomposition and a modified version of non-maximal suppression which is constrained by the output of the overlap detector. Furthermore, we detail an HMM-DNN based overlap detector which performs frame-level classification and enforces duration constraints through HMM state transitions. Our method achieves a test diarization error rate (DER) of 24.0% on the mixed-headset setting of the AMI meeting corpus, which is a relative improvement of 15.2% over a strong agglomerative hierarchical clustering baseline, and compares favorably with other overlap-aware diarization methods. Further analysis on the LibriCSS data demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed method in high overlap conditions.      
### 4.A Two-Stage Cascade Model with Variational Autoencoders and Attention Gates for MRI Brain Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02881.pdf)
>  Automatic MRI brain tumor segmentation is of vital importance for the disease diagnosis, monitoring, and treatment planning. In this paper, we propose a two-stage encoder-decoder based model for brain tumor subregional segmentation. Variational autoencoder regularization is utilized in both stages to prevent the overfitting issue. The second-stage network adopts attention gates and is trained additionally using an expanded dataset formed by the first-stage outputs. On the BraTS 2020 validation dataset, the proposed method achieves the mean Dice score of 0.9041, 0.8350, and 0.7958, and Hausdorff distance (95%) of 4.953, 6.299, and 23.608 for the whole tumor, tumor core, and enhancing tumor, respectively. The corresponding results on the BraTS 2020 testing dataset are 0.8729, 0.8357, and 0.8205 for Dice score, and 11.4288, 19.9690, and 15.6711 for Hausdorff distance.      
### 5.Covariance Self-Attention Dual Path UNet for Rectal Tumor Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02880.pdf)
>  Deep learning algorithms are preferable for rectal tumor segmentation. However, it is still a challenge task to accurately segment and identify the locations and sizes of rectal tumors by using deep learning methods. To increase the capability of extracting enough feature information for rectal tumor segmentation, we propose a Covariance Self-Attention Dual Path UNet (CSA-DPUNet). The proposed network mainly includes two improvements on UNet: 1) modify UNet that has only one path structure to consist of two contracting path and two expansive paths (nam new network as DPUNet), which can help extract more feature information from CT images; 2) employ the criss-cross self-attention module into DPUNet, meanwhile, replace the original calculation method of correlation operation with covariance operation, which can further enhances the characterization ability of DPUNet and improves the segmentation accuracy of rectal tumors. Experiments illustrate that compared with the current state-of-the-art results, CSA-DPUNet brings 15.31%, 7.2%, 11.8%, and 9.5% improvement in Dice coefficient, P, R, F1, respectively, which demonstrates that our proposed CSA-DPUNet is effective for rectal tumor segmentation.      
### 6.DR-Unet104 for Multimodal MRI brain tumor segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02840.pdf)
>  In this paper we propose a 2D deep residual Unet with 104 convolutional layers (DR-Unet104) for lesion segmentation in brain MRIs. We make multiple additions to the Unet architecture, including adding the 'bottleneck' residual block to the Unet encoder and adding dropout after each convolution block stack. We verified the effect of introducing the regularisation of dropout with small rate (e.g. 0.2) on the architecture, and found a dropout of 0.2 improved the overall performance compared to no dropout, or a dropout of 0.5. We evaluated the proposed architecture as part of the Multimodal Brain Tumor Segmentation (BraTS) 2020 Challenge and compared our method to DeepLabV3+ with a ResNet-V2-152 backbone. We found that the DR-Unet104 achieved a mean dice score coefficient of 0.8862, 0.6756 and 0.6721 for validation data, whole tumor, enhancing tumor and tumor core respectively, an overall improvement on 0.8770, 0.65242 and 0.68134 achieved by DeepLabV3+. Our method produced a final mean DSC of 0.8673, 0.7514 and 0.7983 on whole tumor, enhancing tumor and tumor core on the challenge's testing data. We present this as a state-of-the-art 2D lesion segmentation architecture that can be used on lower power computers than a 3D architecture. The source code and trained model for this work is openly available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/jordan-colman/DR-Unet104" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 7.Distributed Weighted Least Squares Estimator Based on ADMM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02827.pdf)
>  Wireless sensor network has recently received much attention due to its broad applicability and ease-of-installation. This paper is concerned with a distributed state estimation problem, where all sensor nodes are required to achieve a consensus estimation. The weighted least squares (WLS) estimator is an appealing way to handle this problem since it does not need any prior distribution information. To this end, we first exploit the equivalent relation between the information filter and WLS estimator. Then, we establish an optimization problem under the relation coupled with a consensus constraint. Finally, the consensus-based distributed WLS problem is tackled by the alternating direction method of multiplier (ADMM). Numerical simulation together with theoretical analysis testify the convergence and consensus estimations between nodes.      
### 8.Riemannian information gradient methods for the parameter estimation of ECD: Some applications in image processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02806.pdf)
>  Elliptically-contoured distributions (ECD) play a significant role, in computer vision, image processing, radar, and biomedical signal processing. Maximum likelihood. estimation (MLE) of ECD leads to a system of non-linear equations, most-often addressed using fixed-point (FP) methods. Unfortunately, the computation time required for these methods is unacceptably long, for large-scale or high-dimensional datasets. To overcome this difficulty, the present work introduces a Riemannian optimisation method, the information stochastic gradient (ISG). The ISG is an online (recursive) method, which achieves the same performance as MLE, for large-scale datasets, while requiring modest memory and time resources. To develop the ISG method, the Riemannian information gradient is derived taking into account the product manifold associated to the underlying parameter space of the ECD. From this information gradient definition, we define also, the information deterministic gradient (IDG), an offline (batch) method, which is an alternative, for moderate-sized datasets. The present work formulates these two methods, and demonstrates their performance through numerical simulations. Two applications, to image re-colorization, and to texture classification, are also worked out.      
### 9.Domain Adaptation Using Class Similarity for Robust Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02782.pdf)
>  When only limited target domain data is available, domain adaptation could be used to promote performance of deep neural network (DNN) acoustic model by leveraging well-trained source model and target domain data. However, suffering from domain mismatch and data sparsity, domain adaptation is very challenging. This paper proposes a novel adaptation method for DNN acoustic model using class similarity. Since the output distribution of DNN model contains the knowledge of similarity among classes, which is applicable to both source and target domain, it could be transferred from source to target model for the performance improvement. In our approach, we first compute the frame level posterior probabilities of source samples using source model. Then, for each class, probabilities of this class are used to compute a mean vector, which we refer to as mean soft labels. During adaptation, these mean soft labels are used in a regularization term to train the target model. Experiments showed that our approach outperforms fine-tuning using one-hot labels on both accent and noise adaptation task, especially when source and target domain are highly mismatched.      
### 10.Multi-Accent Adaptation based on Gate Mechanism  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02774.pdf)
>  When only a limited amount of accented speech data is available, to promote multi-accent speech recognition performance, the conventional approach is accent-specific adaptation, which adapts the baseline model to multiple target accents independently. To simplify the adaptation procedure, we explore adapting the baseline model to multiple target accents simultaneously with multi-accent mixed data. Thus, we propose using accent-specific top layer with gate mechanism (AST-G) to realize multi-accent adaptation. Compared with the baseline model and accent-specific adaptation, AST-G achieves 9.8% and 1.9% average relative WER reduction respectively. However, in real-world applications, we can't obtain the accent category label for inference in advance. Therefore, we apply using an accent classifier to predict the accent label. To jointly train the acoustic model and the accent classifier, we propose the multi-task learning with gate mechanism (MTL-G). As the accent label prediction could be inaccurate, it performs worse than the accent-specific adaptation. Yet, in comparison with the baseline model, MTL-G achieves 5.1% average relative WER reduction.      
### 11.Feasibility Study of UAV-Assisted Anti-Jamming Positioning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02730.pdf)
>  As the cost and technical difficulty of jamming devices continue to decrease, jamming has become one of the major threats to positioning service. Unfortunately, most conventional technologies are vulnerable to jamming attacks due to their inherent shortcomings like weak signal strength and unfavorable anchor geometry. Thanks to the high operational flexibility, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) could fly close to users to enhance signal strength while maintaining a satisfactory geometry, making it a potential solution to the above challenges. In this article, we propose a UAV-assisted anti-jamming positioning system, in which multiple UAVs first utilize time-difference-of-arrival (TDoA) measurements from ground reference stations and double-response two-way ranging (DR-TWR) measurements from UAV-to-UAV links to perform self-localization as well as clock synchronization, and then act as anchor nodes to provide TDoA positioning service for ground users in the presence of jamming. To evaluate the feasibility and performance of the proposed system, we first derive the Cramer-Rao lower bound (CRLB) of UAV self-localization. Then, the impacts of UAV position uncertainty and synchronization errors caused by jamming on positioning service are modeled, and the theoretical root-mean-square error (RMSE) of user position estimate is further derived. Numerical results demonstrate that the proposed system is a promising alternative to existing positioning systems when their services are disrupted by jamming. The most notable advantage of the proposed system is that it is fully compatible with existing user equipment (UE) and positioning methods.      
### 12.A Comparison Study on Infant-Parent Voice Diarization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02698.pdf)
>  We design a framework for studying prelinguistic child voicefrom 3 to 24 months based on state-of-the-art algorithms in di-arization. Our system consists of a time-invariant feature ex-tractor, a context-dependent embedding generator, and a clas-sifier. We study the effect of swapping out different compo-nents of the system, as well as changing loss function, to findthe best performance. We also present a multiple-instancelearning technique that allows us to pre-train our parame-ters on larger datasets with coarser segment boundary labels.We found that our best system achieved 43.8% DER on testdataset, compared to 55.4% DER achieved by LENA soft-ware. We also found that using convolutional feature extrac-tor instead of logmel features significantly increases the per-formance of neural diarization.      
### 13.A Multi-resolution Model for Histopathology Image Classification and Localization with Multiple Instance Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02679.pdf)
>  Histopathological images provide rich information for disease diagnosis. Large numbers of histopathological images have been digitized into high resolution whole slide images, opening opportunities in developing computational image analysis tools to reduce pathologists' workload and potentially improve inter- and intra- observer agreement. Most previous work on whole slide image analysis has focused on classification or segmentation of small pre-selected regions-of-interest, which requires fine-grained annotation and is non-trivial to extend for large-scale whole slide analysis. In this paper, we proposed a multi-resolution multiple instance learning model that leverages saliency maps to detect suspicious regions for fine-grained grade prediction. Instead of relying on expensive region- or pixel-level annotations, our model can be trained end-to-end with only slide-level labels. The model is developed on a large-scale prostate biopsy dataset containing 20,229 slides from 830 patients. The model achieved 92.7% accuracy, 81.8% Cohen's Kappa for benign, low grade (i.e. Grade group 1) and high grade (i.e. Grade group &gt;= 2) prediction, an area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUROC) of 98.2% and an average precision (AP) of 97.4% for differentiating malignant and benign slides. The model obtained an AUROC of 99.4% and an AP of 99.8% for cancer detection on an external dataset.      
### 14.Estimation of Linear Dynamical Systems with Constraints in Noisy Conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02648.pdf)
>  When available data from dynamical systems is noisy, it is useful to have estimation algorithms that have low sensitivity to noises and disturbances as well as to outliers. In the first result described in this paper we obtain optimal estimators for linear dynamical systems with $\epsilon$ insensitive loss function that have similarities to the optimal Kalman-Bucy or $\mathcal{H}_2$ smoothing algorithm. The $\epsilon$ insensitive loss function, which is often used in Support Vector Machines, provides greater robustness when the measurements are very noisy as the algorithm tolerates small errors in prediction and is thus less sensitive to disturbances and noises. The second result of the paper presents optimal algorithms with dual objective of minimizing $\epsilon$ insensitive loss function while also incorporating additional information about states and exogenous signals such as known range of some states or prior information about the maximum magnitude of noises/disturbances. Algorithms are developed for filtering and smoothing as well as prediction of future states. Unlike the $\mathcal{H}_2$ and $\mathcal{H}_\infty$ estimation algorithms for linear systems, the estimation algorithms described here are not linear in measurements but are still easily implemented as they involve solving a standard quadratic optimization problem with linear constraints.      
### 15.Do not look back: an online beat tracking method using RNN and enhanced particle filtering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02619.pdf)
>  Online beat tracking (OBT) has always been a challenging task. Due to the inaccessibility of future data and the need to make inference in real-time. We propose Do not Look back! (DLB), a novel approach optimized for efficiency when performing OBT. DLB feeds the activations of a unidirectional RNN into an enhanced Monte-Carlo localization model to infer beat positions. Most preexisting OBT methods either apply some offline approaches to a moving window containing past data to make predictions about future beat positions or must be primed with past data at startup to initialize. Meanwhile, our proposed method only uses activation of the current time frame to infer beat positions. As such, without waiting at the beginning to receive a chunk, it provides an immediate beat tracking response, which is critical for many OBT applications. DLB significantly improves beat tracking accuracy over state-of-the-art OBT methods, yielding a similar performance to offline methods.      
### 16.Cooperative Learning for P2P Energy Trading via Inverse Optimization and Interval Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02609.pdf)
>  Peer-to-peer (P2P) energy systems have recently emerged as a promising approach for integrating renewable and distributed energy resources into energy grids to reduce carbon emissions. However, market-clearing energy price and amounts, resulted from solving optimal P2P energy management problems, might not be satisfactory for peers/agents. This is because peers/agents in practice do not know how to set their cost function parameters when participating into P2P energy markets. To resolve such drawback, this paper proposes a novel approach, in which an inverse optimization problem is formulated for peers/agents to cooperatively learn to choose their objective function parameters, given their intervals of desired energy prices and amounts. The result is that peers/agents can set their objective function parameters in the intervals computed analytically from the lower and upper bounds of their energy price and amounts, if the ratio of their maximum total buying and selling energy amounts lies in a certain interval subject to be learned by them. A case study is then carried out, which validates the effectiveness of the proposed approach.      
### 17.Inter-Cell Interference and Load Balancing Aware Access Point Placement in Small-Cell Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02591.pdf)
>  In this paper, we provide solutions to the access point (AP) placement problem taking into consideration inter-cell interference (ICI) and load balancing (LB) since these have become of fundamental importance due to the expected network ultra-densification of 5G &amp; Beyond systems. First, to minimize ICI and consequently enhance achievable throughput, we design two Lloyd-type algorithms, namely, the Interference Lloyd algorithm and the Inter-AP Lloyd algorithm, both of which incorporate ICI in their distortion functions. Results show that both of the proposed algorithms provide superior 95%-likely rate over the traditional Lloyd algorithm and the Inter-AP Lloyd algorithm yields a significant increase of up to 36.34% in achievable rate over the Lloyd algorithm. Second, to address the need for LB and consequently incorporate fairness in user spectral access, we modify the Lloyd algorithm so that delays incurred by the existence of a large number of users within the same cell are accounted for. Accordingly, this involves re-assigning users from higher to lower occupancy cells along with a distance threshold to cap the throughput lost in the process. The formulated Lloyd-type algorithm is called the Cell Equalized Lloyd Algorithm-$\alpha$ (CELA-$\alpha$) where $\alpha$ is a factor allowing throughput and spectrum access delay trade-off. Simulations show that for various $\alpha$ values, up to a 20.83% gain in 95%-likely user spectral access is observed with minimal decrease in throughput.      
### 18.DeepReg: a deep learning toolkit for medical image registration  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02580.pdf)
>  DeepReg (<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/DeepRegNet/DeepReg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>) is a community-supported open-source toolkit for research and education in medical image registration using deep learning.      
### 19.Fault-Tolerant Individual Pitch Control of Floating Offshore Wind Turbines via Subspace Predictive Repetitive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02563.pdf)
>  Individual Pitch Control (IPC) is an effective and widely-used strategy to mitigate blade loads in wind turbines. However, conventional IPC fails to cope with blade and actuator faults, and this situation may lead to an emergency shutdown and increased maintenance costs. In this paper, a Fault-Tolerant Individual Pitch Control (FTIPC) scheme is developed to accommodate these faults in Floating Offshore Wind Turbines (FOWTs), based on a Subspace Predictive Repetitive Control (SPRC) approach. To fulfill this goal, an online subspace identification paradigm is implemented to derive a linear approximation of the FOWT system dynamics. Then, a repetitive control law is formulated to attain load mitigation under operational conditions, both in healthy and faulty conditions. Since the excitation noise used for the online subspace identification may interfere with the nominal power generation of the wind turbine, a novel excitation technique is developed to restrict excitation at specific frequencies. Results show that significant load reductions are achieved by FTIPC, while effectively accommodating blade and actuator faults and while restricting the energy of the persistently exciting control action.      
### 20.A Multi-Channel Temporal Attention Convolutional Neural Network Model for Environmental Sound Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02561.pdf)
>  Recently, many attention-based deep neural networks have emerged and achieved state-of-the-art performance in environmental sound classification. The essence of attention mechanism is assigning contribution weights on different parts of features, namely channels, spectral or spatial contents, and temporal frames. In this paper, we propose an effective convolutional neural network structure with a multi-channel temporal attention (MCTA) block, which applies a temporal attention mechanism within each channel of the embedded features to extract channel-wise relevant temporal information. This multi-channel temporal attention structure will result in a distinct attention vector for each channel, which enables the network to fully exploit the relevant temporal information in different channels. The datasets used to test our model include ESC-50 and its subset ESC-10, along with development sets of DCASE 2018 and 2019. In our experiments, MCTA performed better than the single-channel temporal attention model and the non-attention model with the same number of parameters. Furthermore, we compared our model with some successful attention-based models and obtained competitive results with a relatively lighter network.      
### 21.Extremum Seeking Control with Attenuated Steady-State Oscillations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02518.pdf)
>  We propose two perturbation-based extremum seeking control (ESC) schemes for general single input single output nonlinear dynamical systems, having structures similar to that of the classical ESC scheme. We propose novel adaptation laws for the excitation signal amplitudes in each scheme that drive the amplitudes to zero. The rates of decay for both the laws are governed by the gradient measures of the unknown reference-to-output equilibrium map. We show that the proposed ESC schemes achieve practical asymptotic convergence to the extremum with a proper tuning of the parameters in the proposed schemes. As the extremum is reached, and the magnitudes of the gradient measures become small, the excitation signal amplitudes converge to zero. Thus, the proposed schemes ensure that the excitation signal is attenuated as the system output converges to a neighborhood of the extremum and the steady-state oscillations about the extremum, typically observed for the classical ESC schemes, are attenuated. Simulation examples are included to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed schemes.      
### 22.CompressAI: a PyTorch library and evaluation platform for end-to-end compression research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03029.pdf)
>  This paper presents CompressAI, a platform that provides custom operations, layers, models and tools to research, develop and evaluate end-to-end image and video compression codecs. In particular, CompressAI includes pre-trained models and evaluation tools to compare learned methods with traditional codecs. Multiple models from the state-of-the-art on learned end-to-end compression have thus been reimplemented in PyTorch and trained from scratch. We also report objective comparison results using PSNR and MS-SSIM metrics vs. bit-rate, using the Kodak image dataset as test set. Although this framework currently implements models for still-picture compression, it is intended to be soon extended to the video compression domain.      
### 23.From Note-Level to Chord-Level Neural Network Models for Voice Separation in Symbolic Music  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.03028.pdf)
>  Music is often experienced as a progression of concurrent streams of notes, or voices. The degree to which this happens depends on the position along a voice-leading continuum, ranging from monophonic, to homophonic, to polyphonic, which complicates the design of automatic voice separation models. We address this continuum by defining voice separation as the task of decomposing music into streams that exhibit both a high degree of external perceptual separation from the other streams and a high degree of internal perceptual consistency. The proposed voice separation task allows for a voice to diverge to multiple voices and also for multiple voices to converge to the same voice. Equipped with this flexible task definition, we manually annotated a corpus of popular music and used it to train neural networks that assign notes to voices either separately for each note in a chord (note-level), or jointly to all notes in a chord (chord-level). The trained neural models greedily assign notes to voices in a left to right traversal of the input chord sequence, using a diverse set of perceptually informed input features. When evaluated on the extraction of consecutive within voice note pairs, both models surpass a strong baseline based on an iterative application of an envelope extraction function, with the chord-level model consistently edging out the note-level model. The two models are also shown to outperform previous approaches on separating the voices in Bach music.      
### 24.Asynchronous Deep Model Reference Adaptive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02920.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present Asynchronous implementation of Deep Neural Network-based Model Reference Adaptive Control (DMRAC). We evaluate this new neuro-adaptive control architecture through flight tests on a small quadcopter. We demonstrate that a single DMRAC controller can handle significant nonlinearities due to severe system faults and deliberate wind disturbances while executing high-bandwidth attitude control. We also show that the architecture has long-term learning abilities across different flight regimes, and can generalize to fly different flight trajectories than those on which it was trained. These results demonstrating the efficacy of this architecture for high bandwidth closed-loop attitude control of unstable and nonlinear robots operating in adverse situations. To achieve these results, we designed a software+communication architecture to ensure online real-time inference of the deep network on a high-bandwidth computation-limited platform. We expect that this architecture will benefit other deep learning in the closed-loop experiments on robots.      
### 25.Query Expansion System for the VoxCeleb Speaker Recognition Challenge 2020  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02882.pdf)
>  In this report, we describe our submission to the VoxCeleb Speaker Recognition Challenge (VoxSRC) 2020. Two approaches are adopted. One is to apply query expansion on speaker verification, which shows significant progress compared to baseline in the study. Another is to use Kaldi extract x-vector and to combine its Probabilistic Linear Discriminant Analysis (PLDA) score with ResNet score.      
### 26.Robust building footprint extraction from big multi-sensor data using deep competition network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02879.pdf)
>  Building footprint extraction (BFE) from multi-sensor data such as optical images and light detection and ranging (LiDAR) point clouds is widely used in various fields of remote sensing applications. However, it is still challenging research topic due to relatively inefficient building extraction techniques from variety of complex scenes in multi-sensor data. In this study, we develop and evaluate a deep competition network (DCN) that fuses very high spatial resolution optical remote sensing images with LiDAR data for robust BFE. DCN is a deep superpixelwise convolutional encoder-decoder architecture using the encoder vector quantization with classified structure. DCN consists of five encoding-decoding blocks with convolutional weights for robust binary representation (superpixel) learning. DCN is trained and tested in a big multi-sensor dataset obtained from the state of Indiana in the United States with multiple building scenes. Comparison results of the accuracy assessment showed that DCN has competitive BFE performance in comparison with other deep semantic binary segmentation architectures. Therefore, we conclude that the proposed model is a suitable solution to the robust BFE from big multi-sensor data.      
### 27.Influence of Event Duration on Automatic Wheeze Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02874.pdf)
>  Patients with respiratory conditions typically exhibit adventitious respiratory sounds, such as wheezes. Wheeze events have variable duration. In this work we studied the influence of event duration on wheeze classification, namely how the creation of the non-wheeze class affected the classifiers' performance. First, we evaluated several classifiers on an open access respiratory sound database, with the best one reaching sensitivity and specificity values of 98% and 95%, respectively. Then, by changing one parameter in the design of the non-wheeze class, i.e., event duration, the best classifier only reached sensitivity and specificity values of 55% and 76%, respectively. These results demonstrate the importance of experimental design on the assessment of wheeze classification algorithms' performance.      
### 28.Transfer Meta-Learning: Information-Theoretic Bounds and Information Meta-Risk Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02872.pdf)
>  Meta-learning automatically infers an inductive bias by observing data from a number of related tasks. The inductive bias is encoded by hyperparameters that determine aspects of the model class or training algorithm, such as initialization or learning rate. Meta-learning assumes that the learning tasks belong to a task environment, and that tasks are drawn from the same task environment both during meta-training and meta-testing. This, however, may not hold true in practice. In this paper, we introduce the problem of transfer meta-learning, in which tasks are drawn from a target task environment during meta-testing that may differ from the source task environment observed during meta-training. Novel information-theoretic upper bounds are obtained on the transfer meta-generalization gap, which measures the difference between the meta-training loss, available at the meta-learner, and the average loss on meta-test data from a new, randomly selected, task in the target task environment. The first bound, on the average transfer meta-generalization gap, captures the meta-environment shift between source and target task environments via the KL divergence between source and target data distributions. The second, PAC-Bayesian bound, and the third, single-draw bound, account for this shift via the log-likelihood ratio between source and target task distributions. Furthermore, two transfer meta-learning solutions are introduced. For the first, termed Empirical Meta-Risk Minimization (EMRM), we derive bounds on the average optimality gap. The second, referred to as Information Meta-Risk Minimization (IMRM), is obtained by minimizing the PAC-Bayesian bound. IMRM is shown via experiments to potentially outperform EMRM.      
### 29.Semi-supervised Learning for Singing Synthesis Timbre  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02809.pdf)
>  We propose a semi-supervised singing synthesizer, which is able to learn new voices from audio data only, without any annotations such as phonetic segmentation. Our system is an encoder-decoder model with two encoders, linguistic and acoustic, and one (acoustic) decoder. In a first step, the system is trained in a supervised manner, using a labelled multi-singer dataset. Here, we ensure that the embeddings produced by both encoders are similar, so that we can later use the model with either acoustic or linguistic input features. To learn a new voice in an unsupervised manner, the pretrained acoustic encoder is used to train a decoder for the target singer. Finally, at inference, the pretrained linguistic encoder is used together with the decoder of the new voice, to produce acoustic features from linguistic input. We evaluate our system with a listening test and show that the results are comparable to those obtained with an equivalent supervised approach.      
### 30.GMM-based Symbol Error Rate Prediction for Multicarrier Systems with Impulsive Noise Suppression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02792.pdf)
>  Theoretical analysis of orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) systems equipped at the receiver by a non-linear impulsive noise suppressor is a challenging topic in communication systems. Indeed, although an exact closed-form expression for the output signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of such OFDM systems is available for widely used impulsive noise models, theoretical analysis of the associated symbol error rate (SER) is still open. So far, the analytical SER expressions available in the literature approximate the time-domain impulsive noise, as Gaussian distributed in the discrete frequency domain. Conversely, this work presents an accurate analysis of the distortion noise at the nonlinearity output exploiting a Gaussian mixture model (GMM). By using GMMs we unified the approach of SER prediction for unmitigated systems, as well as for the mitigated ones, equipped by non-linear impulsive noise suppressors, including blanking, clipping, clipping-blanking and attenuating processors. Closed form expressions for the SER are derived both for non-fading and frequency-selective Rayleigh and Rician fading channels affected by impulsive noise which is represented by GMMs, thus including Bernoulli-Gaussian (BG), Middleton Class-A, as well as (approximated) alpha-stable noise. Theoretic SER performance are compared with simulations, showing very good agreement for all the impulsive noise scenarios and the non-linear suppressors.      
### 31.Binary Neural Network Aided CSI Feedback in Massive MIMO System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02692.pdf)
>  In massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) system, channel state information (CSI) is essential for the base station to achieve high performance gain. Recently, deep learning is widely used in CSI compression to fight against the growing feedback overhead brought by massive MIMO in frequency division duplexing system. However, applying neural network brings extra memory and computation cost, which is non-negligible especially for the resource limited user equipment (UE). In this paper, a novel binarization aided feedback network named BCsiNet is introduced. Moreover, BCsiNet variants are designed to boost the performance under customized training and inference schemes. Experiments shows that BCsiNet offers over 30$\times$ memory saving and around 2$\times$ inference acceleration for encoder at UE compared with CsiNet. Furthermore, the feedback performance of BCsiNet is comparable with original CsiNet. The key results can be reproduced with <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Kylin9511/BCsiNet" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 32.BW-EDA-EEND: Streaming End-to-End Neural Speaker Diarization for a Variable Number of Speakers  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02678.pdf)
>  We present a novel online end-to-end neural diarization system, BW-EDA-EEND, that processes data incrementally for a variable number of speakers. The system is based on the EDA architecture of Horiguchi et al., but utilizes the incremental Transformer encoder, attending only to its left contexts and using block-level recurrence in the hidden states to carry information from block to block, making the algorithm complexity linear in time. We propose two variants of it. For unlimited-latency BW-EDA-EEND, which processes inputs in linear time, we show only moderate degradation for up to two speakers using a context size of 10 seconds compared to offline EDA-EEND. With more than two speakers, the accuracy gap between online and offline grows, but it still outperforms a baseline offline clustering diarization system for one to four speakers with unlimited context size, and shows comparable accuracy with context size of 10 seconds. For limited-latency BW-EDA-EEND, which produces diarization outputs block-by-block as audio arrives, we show accuracy comparable to the offline clustering-based system.      
### 33.Unsupervised Learning for Asynchronous Resource Allocation in Ad-hoc Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02644.pdf)
>  We consider optimal resource allocation problems under asynchronous wireless network setting. Without explicit model knowledge, we design an unsupervised learning method based on Aggregation Graph Neural Networks (Agg-GNNs). Depending on the localized aggregated information structure on each network node, the method can be learned globally and asynchronously while implemented locally. We capture the asynchrony by modeling the activation pattern as a characteristic of each node and train a policy-based resource allocation method. We also propose a permutation invariance property which indicates the transferability of the trained Agg-GNN. We finally verify our strategy by numerical simulations compared with baseline methods.      
### 34.GPR-based Model Reconstruction System for Underground Utilities Using GPRNet  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02635.pdf)
>  Ground Penetrating Radar (GPR) is one of the most important non-destructive evaluation (NDE) instruments to detect and locate underground objects (i.e. rebars, utility pipes). Many of the previous researches focus on GPR image-based feature detection only, and none can process sparse GPR measurements to successfully reconstruct a very fine and detailed 3D model of underground objects for better visualization. To address this problem, this paper presents a novel robotic system to collect GPR data, localize the underground utilities, and reconstruct the underground objects' dense point cloud model. This system is composed of three modules: 1) visual-inertial-based GPR data collection module which tags the GPR measurements with positioning information provided by an omnidirectional robot; 2) a deep neural network (DNN) migration module to interpret the raw GPR B-scan image into a cross-section of object model; 3) a DNN-based 3D reconstruction module, i.e., GPRNet, to generate underground utility model with the fine 3D point cloud. The experiments show that our method can generate a dense and complete point cloud model of pipe-shaped utilities based on a sparse input, i.e., GPR raw data, with various levels of incompleteness and noise. The experiment results on synthetic data as well as field test data verified the effectiveness of our method.      
### 35.Independent Gaussian Distributions Minimize the Kullback-Leibler (KL) Divergence from Independent Gaussian Distributions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02560.pdf)
>  This short note is on a property of the Kullback-Leibler (KL) divergence which indicates that independent Gaussian distributions minimize the KL divergence from given independent Gaussian distributions. The primary purpose of this note is for the referencing of papers that need to make use of this property entirely or partially.      
### 36.Filtering for Aggregate Hidden Markov Models with Continuous Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02521.pdf)
>  We consider a class of filtering problems for large populations where each individual is modeled by the same hidden Markov model (HMM). In this paper, we focus on aggregate inference problems in HMMs with discrete state space and continuous observation space. The continuous observations are aggregated in a way such that the individuals are indistinguishable from measurements. We propose an aggregate inference algorithm called continuous observation collective forward-backward algorithm. It extends the recently proposed collective forward-backward algorithm for aggregate inference in HMMs with discrete observations to the case of continuous observations. The efficacy of this algorithm is illustrated through several numerical experiments.      
### 37.On Key Epidemiological Metrics during Infectious Disease Outbreaks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.02516.pdf)
>  In this work, we review the figures used to characterize an epidemic outbreak most. Particular attention is drawn to epidemic spreading at time-varying transition rates. A time-varying SIR-like model is used to describe the epidemic dynamics, from which closed equations relating parameters and key quantities like reproduction ratio and doubling time are derived. The definition and computation of these metrics are revisited in the context of the general solution to the time-varying model dynamics, focusing on the similarities and differences with the time-invariant case. Further, the prediction of these metrics, that is of the disease evolution, as response to different scenarios is also investigated.      
### 38.Deep Reinforcement Learning Based Dynamic Route Planning for Minimizing Travel Time  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.01771.pdf)
>  Route planning is important in transportation. Existing works focus on finding the shortest path solution or using metrics such as safety and energy consumption to determine the planning. It is noted that most of these studies rely on prior knowledge of road network, which may be not available in certain situations. In this paper, we design a route planning algorithm based on deep reinforcement learning (DRL) for pedestrians. We use travel time consumption as the metric, and plan the route by predicting pedestrian flow in the road network. We put an agent, which is an intelligent robot, on a virtual map. Different from previous studies, our approach assumes that the agent does not need any prior information about road network, but simply relies on the interaction with the environment. We propose a dynamically adjustable route planning (DARP) algorithm, where the agent learns strategies through a dueling deep Q network to avoid congested roads. Simulation results show that the DARP algorithm saves 52% of the time under congestion condition when compared with traditional shortest path planning algorithms.      
### 39.Mcity Data Collection for Automated Vehicles Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1912.06258.pdf)
>  The main goal of this paper is to introduce the data collection effort at Mcity targeting automated vehicle development. We captured a comprehensive set of data from a set of perception sensors (Lidars, Radars, Cameras) as well as vehicle steering/brake/throttle inputs and an RTK unit. Two in-cabin cameras record the human driver's behaviors for possible future use. The naturalistic driving on selected open roads is recorded at different time of day and weather conditions. We also perform designed choreography data collection inside the Mcity test facility focusing on vehicle to vehicle, and vehicle to vulnerable road user interactions which is quite unique among existing open-source datasets. The vehicle platform, data content, tags/labels, and selected analysis results are shown in this paper.      
