# ArXiv eess --Fri, 20 Nov 2020
### 1.Online decentralized decision making with inequality constraints: an ADMM approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.10023.pdf)
>  We discuss an online decentralized decision making problem where the agents are coupled with affine inequality constraints. Alternating Direction Method of Multipliers (ADMM) is used as the computation engine and we discuss the convergence of the algorithm in an online setting. To be specific, when decisions have to be made sequentially with a fixed time step, there might not be enough time for the ADMM to converge before the scenario changes and the decision needs to be updated. In this case, a suboptimal solution is employed and we analyze the optimality gap given the convergence condition. Moreover, in many cases, the decision making problem changes gradually over time. We propose a warm-start scheme to accelerate the convergence of ADMM and analyze the benefit of the warm-start. The proposed method is demonstrated in a decentralized multiagent control barrier function problem with simulation.      
### 2.Safe model-based design of experiments using Gaussian processes  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.10009.pdf)
>  Construction of kinetic models has become an indispensable step in the development and scale up of processes in the industry. Model-based design of experiments (MBDoE) has been widely used for the purpose of improving parameter precision in nonlinear dynamic systems. This process needs to account for both parametric and structural uncertainty, as the feasibility constraints imposed on the system may well turn out to be violated leading to unsafe experimental conditions when an optimally designed experiment is performed. In this work, a Gaussian process is utilized in a two-fold manner: 1) to quantify the uncertainty realization of the physical system and calculate the plant-model mismatch, 2) to compute the optimal experimental design while accounting for the parametric uncertainty. This method provides a guarantee for the probabilistic satisfaction of the constraints in the context of model-based design of experiments. The method is assisted with the use of adaptive trust-regions in order to facilitate a satisfactory local approximation. The proposed method is able to allow the design of optimal experiments starting from limited preliminary knowledge of the parameter set, leading to a safe exploration of the parameter space. The performance of this method is demonstrated through illustrative case studies regarding the parameter identification of the kinetic model in flow reactors.      
### 3.On the Feasibility of Load-Changing Attacks in Power Systems during the COVID-19 Pandemic  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09982.pdf)
>  The electric power grid is a complex cyberphysical energy system (CPES) in which information and communication technologies (ICT) are integrated into the operations, markets, devices, and services of the power grid infrastructure. The growing number of internet-of-things (IoT) high-wattage appliances such as air conditioners, water heaters, and electric vehicles being connected to the power grid, together with the high dependence of ICT and control interfaces, make CPES vulnerable to high-impact, low-probability load-changing cyberattacks. Moreover, the side-effects of the COVID-19 pandemic demonstrated a modification of electricity consumption patterns with utilities experiencing significant peak load and net-load reductions. The unusual sustained low load demand conditions could be leveraged by adversaries in order to cause frequency instabilities in the CPES by compromising hundreds of thousands of IoT-connected high-wattage loads. This paper presents a feasibility study of the impacts of load-changing attacks on CPES during the low net-load demand conditions caused by the lockdown measures implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic, specifically, during the state-at-home orders (SAHO) declared by different states in the United States. We analyze the load demand reductions caused by the lockdown measures using dynamic mode decomposition (DMD), focusing on the March-to-July 2020 period and the New York region as the most impacted time period and location in terms of load reduction due to the SAHO being in full execution. Our feasibility study evaluates load-changing attack scenarios using real load consumption data from the New York Independent System Operator and shows that an attacker with sufficient knowledge and resources could be capable of producing frequency stability problems, with frequency excursions going up to 60.5 Hz and 63.4 Hz, when no mitigation measures are taken.      
### 4.Improving Solar and PV Power Prediction with Ensemble Methods  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09950.pdf)
>  Estimation of the generated power of renewable energy resources is in general important for planning operations as well as demand balance and power quality. This paper addresses the problem of the estimation of the short-term (3-hour ahead) and medium-term (1-day ahead) generated power of a photovoltaic plant. Firstly, the design of day-ahead solar radiation predictors is investigated with different setups of time series models, and with their combinations with the weather forecast services using ensemble methods. Support Vector Machine methods are also adopted in this stage, to cluster data. Secondly, under a similar ensemble framework, the generated power prediction is investigated. The whole generated power and solar radiation prediction tasks are then implemented on a low-cost, embedded mini PC module Raspberry Pi 3. As an application, the prediction is employed in the control system of a typical microgrid settings focusing on energy management problem. The impact of the quality of generated power prediction on the performance of the controller is also evaluated in this paper.      
### 5.A Preliminary Comparison Between Compressive Sampling and Anisotropic Mesh-based Image Representation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09944.pdf)
>  Compressed sensing (CS) has become a popular field in the last two decades to represent and reconstruct a sparse signal with much fewer samples than the signal itself. Although regular images are not sparse in their own, many can be sparsely represented in wavelet transform domain. Therefore, CS has also been widely applied to represent digital images. An alternative approach, adaptive sampling such as mesh-based image representation (MbIR), however, has not attracted as much attention. MbIR works directly on image pixels and represent the image with fewer points using a triangular mesh. In this paper, we perform a preliminary comparison between the CS and a recently developed MbIR method, AMA representation. The results demonstrate that, at the same sample density, AMA representation can provide better reconstruction quality than CS based on the tested algorithms. Further investigation with recent algorithms are needed to perform a thorough comparison.      
### 6.All-in-Focus Iris Camera With a Great Capture Volume  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09908.pdf)
>  Imaging volume of an iris recognition system has been restricting the throughput and cooperation convenience in biometric applications. Numerous improvement trials are still impractical to supersede the dominant fixed-focus lens in stand-off iris recognition due to incremental performance increase and complicated optical design. In this study, we develop a novel all-in-focus iris imaging system using a focus-tunable lens and a 2D steering mirror to greatly extend capture volume by spatiotemporal multiplexing method. Our iris imaging depth of field extension system requires no mechanical motion and is capable to adjust the focal plane at extremely high speed. In addition, the motorized reflection mirror adaptively steers the light beam to extend the horizontal and vertical field of views in an active manner. The proposed all-in-focus iris camera increases the depth of field up to 3.9 m which is a factor of 37.5 compared with conventional long focal lens. We also experimentally demonstrate the capability of this 3D light beam steering imaging system in real-time multi-person iris refocusing using dynamic focal stacks and the potential of continuous iris recognition for moving participants.      
### 7.Recursive Deep Prior Video: a Super Resolution algorithm for Time-Lapse Microscopy of organ-on-chip experiments  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09855.pdf)
>  Biological experiments based on organ-on-chips (OOCs) exploit light Time-Lapse Microscopy (TLM) for a direct observation of cell movement that is an observable signature of underlying biological processes. A high spatial resolution is essential to capture cell dynamics and interactions from recorded experiments by TLM. Unfortunately, due to physical and cost limitations, acquiring high resolution videos is not always possible. To overcome the problem, we present here a new deep learning-based algorithm that extends the well known Deep Image Prior (DIP) to TLM Video Super Resolution (SR) without requiring any training. The proposed Recursive Deep Prior Video (RDPV) method introduces some novelties. The weights of the DIP network architecture are initialized for each of the frames according to a new recursive updating rule combined with an efficient early stopping criterion. Moreover, the DIP loss function is penalized by two different Total Variation (TV) based terms. The method has been validated on synthetic, i.e., artificially generated, as well as real videos from OOC experiments related to tumor-immune interaction. Achieved results are compared with several state-of-the-art trained deep learning SR algorithms showing outstanding performances.      
### 8.Outage Constrained Robust Transmission Design for IRS-aided Secure Communications with Direct Communication Links  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09822.pdf)
>  In this paper, we investigate the robust outage constrained transmission design for an intelligent reflecting surface (IRS) aided secure communication system. We assume that a single-antenna legitimate receiver (Bob) served by a multi-antenna base station (BS) is overheard by multiple single-antenna eavesdroppers (Eves), and the artificial noise (AN) is incorporated to confuse the Eves. In particular, we aim to jointly optimize the transmit beamforming, the AN spatial distribution at the BS, and the passive beamforming at the IRS, where the Eve-related channels are assumed to be imperfect due to the channel estimation errors and their concealment. Two scenarios with partial channel state information (CSI) error of only cascaded BS-IRS-Eve channel and full CSI errors of both cascaded BS-IRS-Eve channel and direct BS-Eve channel are investigated under the statistical CSI error model. An outage-constrained power minimization problem is formulated by limiting the maximum allowable data rate of Eves and ensuring the minimum data rate requirement of Bob. To solve it, the Bernstein-type inequality and alternating optimization strategy are exploited, and artful mathematical manipulations are performed to facilitate the optimization on the phase shifts of the IRS. Simulation results confirm the performance advantages of the proposed algorithm.      
### 9.TaL: a synchronised multi-speaker corpus of ultrasound tongue imaging, audio, and lip videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09804.pdf)
>  We present the Tongue and Lips corpus (TaL), a multi-speaker corpus of audio, ultrasound tongue imaging, and lip videos. TaL consists of two parts: TaL1 is a set of six recording sessions of one professional voice talent, a male native speaker of English; TaL80 is a set of recording sessions of 81 native speakers of English without voice talent experience. Overall, the corpus contains 24 hours of parallel ultrasound, video, and audio data, of which approximately 13.5 hours are speech. This paper describes the corpus and presents benchmark results for the tasks of speech recognition, speech synthesis (articulatory-to-acoustic mapping), and automatic synchronisation of ultrasound to audio. The TaL corpus is publicly available under the CC BY-NC 4.0 license.      
### 10.Novel Classification of Ischemic Heart Disease Using Artificial Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09801.pdf)
>  Ischemic heart disease (IHD), particularly in its chronic stable form, is a subtle pathology due to its silent behavior before developing in unstable angina, myocardial infarction or sudden cardiac death. Machine learning techniques applied to parameters extracted form heart rate variability (HRV) signal seem to be a valuable support in the early diagnosis of some cardiac diseases. However, so far, IHD patients were identified using Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) applied to a limited number of HRV parameters and only to very few subjects. In this study, we used several linear and non-linear HRV parameters applied to ANNs, in order to confirm these results on a large cohort of 965 sample of subjects and to identify which features could discriminate IHD patients with high accuracy. By using principal component analysis and stepwise regression, we reduced the original 17 parameters to five, used as inputs, for a series of ANNs. The highest accuracy of 82% was achieved using meanRR, LFn, SD1, gender and age parameters and two hidden neurons.      
### 11.Deep Learning for Automated Screening of Tuberculosis from Indian Chest X-rays: Analysis and Update  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09778.pdf)
>  Background and Objective: Tuberculosis (TB) is a significant public health issue and a leading cause of death worldwide. Millions of deaths can be averted by early diagnosis and successful treatment of TB patients. Automated diagnosis of TB holds vast potential to assist medical experts in expediting and improving its diagnosis, especially in developing countries like India, where there is a shortage of trained medical experts and radiologists. To date, several deep learning based methods for automated detection of TB from chest radiographs have been proposed. However, the performance of a few of these methods on the Indian chest radiograph data set has been suboptimal, possibly due to different texture of the lungs on chest radiographs of Indian subjects compared to other countries. Thus deep learning for accurate and automated diagnosis of TB on Indian datasets remains an important subject of research. Methods: The proposed work explores the performance of convolutional neural networks (CNNs) for the diagnosis of TB in Indian chest x-ray images. Three different pre-trained neural network models, AlexNet, GoogLenet, and ResNet are used to classify chest x-ray images into healthy or TB infected. The proposed approach does not require any pre-processing technique. Also, other works use pre-trained NNs as a tool for crafting features and then apply standard classification techniques. However, we attempt an end to end NN model based diagnosis of TB from chest x-rays. The proposed visualization tool can also be used by radiologists in the screening of large datasets. Results: The proposed method achieved 93.40% accuracy with 98.60% sensitivity to diagnose TB for the Indian population. Conclusions: The performance of the proposed method is also tested against techniques described in the literature. The proposed method outperforms the state of art on Indian and Shenzhen datasets.      
### 12.Distributed Controller for Linear Multi-Channel Systems and its Distirbuted Implementation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09735.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a distributed output feedback controller for continuous-time linear time-invariant multi-channel plants. <br>Through the channel, the plant interacts with networked agents but each agent's interaction is limited to the designated input-output channel and, moreover, the inter-agents communication area is restricted to neighboring agents. <br>Based on these settings, we propose a distributed controller which can be distributedly implemented by each agent only with the knowledge of the plant system matrix, the number of agents, and its own input matrix under assuming only the controllability and the observability of the aggregation of the plant and the connectedness of the communication network. <br>As a first step, we broke the problem of designing a distributed output feedback controller into two design problems for control gain and the injection gain, like the classical linear control theory. <br>Next, we devise the distributed Lyapunov equation solver and distributedly compute the stabilizing gains via Bass' algorithm to achieve the distributed implementation.      
### 13.Spectral Response Function Guided Deep Optimization-driven Network for Spectral Super-resolution  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09701.pdf)
>  Hyperspectral images are crucial for many research works. Spectral super-resolution (SSR) is a method used to obtain high spatial resolution (HR) hyperspectral images from HR multispectral images. Traditional SSR methods include model-driven algorithms and deep learning. By unfolding a variational method, this paper proposes an optimization-driven convolutional neural network (CNN) with a deep spatial-spectral prior, resulting in physically interpretable networks. Unlike the fully data-driven CNN, auxiliary spectral response function (SRF) is utilized to guide CNNs to group the bands with spectral relevance. In addition, the channel attention module (CAM) and reformulated spectral angle mapper loss function are applied to achieve an effective reconstruction model. Finally, experiments on two types of datasets, including natural and remote sensing images, demonstrate the spectral enhancement effect of the proposed method. And the classification results on the remote sensing dataset also verified the validity of the information enhanced by the proposed method.      
### 14.Deep LF-Net: Semantic Lung Segmentation from Indian Chest Radiographs Including Severely Unhealthy Images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09695.pdf)
>  A chest radiograph, commonly called chest x-ray (CxR), plays a vital role in the diagnosis of various lung diseases, such as lung cancer, tuberculosis, pneumonia, and many more. Automated segmentation of the lungs is an important step to design a computer-aided diagnostic tool for examination of a CxR. Precise lung segmentation is considered extremely challenging because of variance in the shape of the lung caused by health issues, age, and gender. The proposed work investigates the use of an efficient deep convolutional neural network for accurate segmentation of lungs from CxR. We attempt an end to end DeepLabv3+ network which integrates DeepLab architecture, encoder-decoder, and dilated convolution for semantic lung segmentation with fast training and high accuracy. We experimented with the different pre-trained base networks: Resnet18 and Mobilenetv2, associated with the Deeplabv3+ model for performance analysis. The proposed approach does not require any pre-processing technique on chest x-ray images before being fed to a neural network. Morphological operations were used to remove false positives that occurred during semantic segmentation. We construct a CxR dataset of the Indian population that contain healthy and unhealthy CxRs of clinically confirmed patients of tuberculosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, interstitial lung disease, pleural effusion, and lung cancer. The proposed method is tested on 688 images of our Indian CxR dataset including images with severe abnormal findings to validate its robustness. We also experimented on commonly used benchmark datasets such as Japanese Society of Radiological Technology; Montgomery County, USA; and Shenzhen, China for state-of-the-art comparison. The performance of our method is tested against techniques described in the literature and achieved the highest accuracy for lung segmentation on Indian and public datasets.      
### 15.State-of-charge Estimation of a Li-ion Battery using Deep Learning and Stochastic Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09673.pdf)
>  This article presents a novel empirical study for the estimation of the State of Charge (SOC) of a lithium-ion (Li-ion) battery which uses a deep learning model with three hidden layers. We model a series of ten vehicle drive cycles that were applied to a Panasonic 18650PF Li-ion cell. Our results show that the choice of the optimization algorithm affects the model performance. The proposed model was able to achieve an error smaller than 1.0% in all drive cycles.      
### 16.Safe Reinforcement Learning for Emergency LoadShedding of Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09664.pdf)
>  The paradigm shift in the electric power grid necessitates a revisit of existing control methods to ensure the grid's security and resilience. In particular, the increased uncertainties and rapidly changing operational conditions in power systems have revealed outstanding issues in terms of either speed, adaptiveness, or scalability of the existing control methods for power systems. On the other hand, the availability of massive real-time data can provide a clearer picture of what is happening in the grid. Recently, deep reinforcement learning(RL) has been regarded and adopted as a promising approach leveraging massive data for fast and adaptive grid control. However, like most existing machine learning (ML)-basedcontrol techniques, RL control usually cannot guarantee the safety of the systems under control. In this paper, we introduce a novel method for safe RL-based load shedding of power systems that can enhance the safe voltage recovery of the electric power grid after experiencing faults. Numerical simulations on the 39-bus IEEE benchmark is performed to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed safe RL emergency control, as well as its adaptive capability to faults not seen in the training.      
### 17.Universal MelGAN: A Robust Neural Vocoder for High-Fidelity Waveform Generation in Multiple Domains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09631.pdf)
>  We propose Universal MelGAN, a vocoder that synthesizes high-fidelity speech in multiple domains. To preserve sound quality when the MelGAN-based structure is trained with a dataset of hundreds of speakers, we added multi-resolution spectrogram discriminators to sharpen the spectral resolution of the generated waveforms. This enables the model to generate realistic waveforms of multi-speakers, by alleviating the over-smoothing problem in the high frequency band of the large footprint model. Our structure generates signals close to ground-truth data without reducing the inference speed, by discriminating the waveform and spectrogram during training. The model achieved the best mean opinion score (MOS) in most scenarios using ground-truth mel-spectrogram as an input. Especially, it showed superior performance in unseen domains with regard of speaker, emotion, and language. Moreover, in a multi-speaker text-to-speech scenario using mel-spectrogram generated by a transformer model, it synthesized high-fidelity speech of 4.22 MOS. These results, achieved without external domain information, highlight the potential of the proposed model as a universal vocoder.      
### 18.Multi-stage Speaker Extraction with Utterance and Frame-Level Reference Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09624.pdf)
>  Speaker extraction uses a pre-recorded reference speech as the reference signal for target speaker extraction. In real-world applications, enrolling a speaker with a long speech is not practical. We propose a speaker extraction technique, that performs in multiple stages to take full advantage of short reference speech sample. The extracted speech in early stages is used as the reference speech for late stages. Furthermore, for the first time, we use frame-level sequential speech embedding as the reference for target speaker. This is a departure from the traditional utterance-based speaker embedding reference. In addition, a signal fusion scheme is proposed to combine the decoded signals in multiple scales with automatically learned weights. Experiments on WSJ0-2mix and its noisy versions (WHAM! and WHAMR!) show that SpEx++ consistently outperforms other state-of-the-art baselines.      
### 19.Lyapunov Stability of Smart Inverters Using Linearized DistFlow Approximation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09620.pdf)
>  Fast-acting smart inverters that utilize preset operating conditions to determine real and reactive power injection/consumption can create voltage instabilities (over-voltage, voltage oscillations and more) in an electrical distribution network if set-points are not properly configured. In this work, linear distribution power flow equations and droop-based Volt-Var and Volt-Watt control curves are used to analytically derive a stability criterion using \lyapnouv analysis that includes the network operating condition. The methodology is generally applicable for control curves that can be represented as Lipschitz functions. The derived Lipschitz constants account for smart inverter hardware limitations for reactive power generation. A local policy is derived from the stability criterion that allows inverters to adapt their control curves by monitoring only local voltage, thus avoiding centralized control or information sharing with other inverters. The criterion is independent of the internal time-delays of smart inverters. Simulation results for inverters with and without the proposed stabilization technique demonstrate how smart inverters can mitigate voltage oscillations locally and mitigate real and reactive power flow disturbances at the substation under multiple scenarios. The study concludes with illustrations of how the control policy can dampen oscillations caused by solar intermittency and cyber-attacks.      
### 20.Numerically Stable Dynamic Bicycle Model for Discrete-time Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09612.pdf)
>  Dynamic/kinematic model is of great significance in decision and control of intelligent vehicles. However, due to the singularity of dynamic models at low speed, kinematic models have been the only choice under many driving scenarios. This paper presents a discrete dynamic bicycle model feasible at any low speed utilizing the concept of backward Euler method. We further give a sufficient condition, based on which the numerical stability is proved. Simulation verifies that (1) the proposed model is numerically stable while the forward-Euler discretized dynamic model diverges; (2) the model reduces forecast error by up to 49% compared to the kinematic model. As far as we know, it is the first time that a dynamic bicycle model is qualified for urban driving scenarios involving stop-and-go tasks.      
### 21.Deep Demixing: Reconstructing the Evolution of Epidemics Using Graph Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09583.pdf)
>  We study the temporal reconstruction of epidemics evolving over networks. Given partial or aggregated temporal information of the epidemic, our goal is to estimate the complete evolution of the spread leveraging the topology of the network but being agnostic to the precise epidemic model. We overcome this lack of model awareness through a data-driven solution to the inverse problem at hand. In particular, we propose DDmix, a graph conditional variational autoencoder that can be trained from past epidemic spreads and whose latent space seeks to capture key aspects of the underlying (unknown) spreading dynamics. We illustrate the accuracy and generalizability of DDmix and compare it with non-graph-aware learning algorithms through numerical experiments on epidemic spreads simulated on synthetic and real-world networks.      
### 22.Line Outage Identification Based on AC Power Flow and Synchronized Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09566.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a method of identifying single line outages in power systems based on phasor measurement unit (PMU) measurements and ac power flow models. In addition to the main identification algorithm, a rejection filter is introduced so that the preliminary identified results can be further processed and categorized into three types: correctly identified, misidentified and inconclusive (including correct-filtered and misidentified-filtered). The methods are systematically tested using test systems of various sizes for various PMU placements, and the results show that the proposed identification algorithm has a high identification accuracy and the proposed rejection filter is able to reduce the misidentified rate without significantly increasing the number of inconclusive cases.      
### 23.Maximum Power Reference Tracking Algorithm for Power Curtailment of Photovoltaic Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09555.pdf)
>  This paper presents an algorithm for power curtail-ment of photovoltaic (PV) systems under fast solar irradiance intermittency. Based on the Perturb and Observe (P&amp;O) technique, the method contains an adaptive gain that is compensated in real-time to account for moments of lower power availability. In addition, an accumulator is added to the calculation of the step size to reduce the overshoot caused by large irradiance swings. A testbed of a three-phase single-stage, 500 kVA PV system is developed on the OPAL-RT eMEGAsim real-time simulator. Field irradiance data and a regulation signal from PJM (RTO) are used to compare the performance of the proposed method with other techniques found in the literature. Results indicate an operation with smaller overshoot, less dc-link voltage oscillations, and improved power reference tracking capability.      
### 24.Transient Stability Assessment for Current Constrained and Unconstrained Fault Ride-Through in Virtual Oscillator Controlled Converters  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09522.pdf)
>  Unified virtual oscillator controller (uVOC) inherits the rigorous analytical foundation offered by oscillator based grid-forming (GFM) controllers and enables fast over-current limiting and fault ride-through (FRT). Control design for effective FRT requires transient stability analysis. Existing transient stability analysis methods and studies are limited in either considering only current unconstrained scenarios or neglecting the simultaneous power angle and voltage dynamics. Under current-constrained faults, the voltage and power angle dynamics are strongly coupled and both play critical roles in determining transient stability. Therefore, decoupled analysis of the two, typically used in transient stability studies, does not offer comprehensive insight into the system dynamics. In this work, the overall FRT method for uVOC is presented and a comprehensive modeling and analysis method for transient stability is developed under both current-saturated and unsaturated symmetrical AC faults. We utilize phase-plane analysis of the overall system in a single graphical representation to obtain holistic insights into the coupled voltage and power angle dynamics. The FRT controller and the analysis method have been validated through simulations and hardware experiments. The results demonstrate that uVOC is not constrained by a critical clearing angle unlike droop and virtual synchronous machine (VSM) type second order controllers.      
### 25.A Likelihood Ratio-Based Detector for QTMS Radar and Noise Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09509.pdf)
>  We derive a detector function for quantum two-mode squeezing (QTMS) radars and noise radars that is based on the use of a likelihood ratio (LR) test for distinguishing between the presence and absence of a target. In addition to an explicit expression for the LR detector, we derive a detector function which approximates the LR detector in the limit where the target is small, far away, or otherwise difficult to detect. When the number of integrated samples is large, we derive a theoretical expression for the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of the radar when the LR detector is used. When the number of samples is small, we use simulations to understand the ROC curve behavior of the detector. One interesting finding is there exists a parameter regime in which a previously-studied detector outperforms the LR detector, contrary to the intuition that LR tests are optimal. This is because neither the Neyman-Pearson lemma, nor the Karlin-Rubin theorem which generalizes the lemma, hold in this particular problem. However, the LR detector remains a good choice for target detection.      
### 26.Improved rates for identification of partially observed linear dynamical systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.10006.pdf)
>  Identification of a linear time-invariant dynamical system from partial observations is a fundamental problem in control theory. A natural question is how to do so with non-asymptotic statistical rates depending on the inherent dimensionality (order) $d$ of the system, rather than on the sufficient rollout length or on $\frac1{1-\rho(A)}$, where $\rho(A)$ is the spectral radius of the dynamics matrix. We develop the first algorithm that given a single trajectory of length $T$ with gaussian observation noise, achieves a near-optimal rate of $\widetilde O\left(\sqrt\frac{d}{T}\right)$ in $\mathcal{H}_2$ error for the learned system. We also give bounds under process noise and improved bounds for learning a realization of the system. Our algorithm is based on low-rank approximation of Hankel matrices of geometrically increasing sizes.      
### 27.Inverse Constrained Reinforcement Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09999.pdf)
>  Standard reinforcement learning (RL) algorithms train agents to maximize given reward functions. However, many real-world applications of RL require agents to also satisfy certain constraints which may, for example, be motivated by safety concerns. Constrained RL algorithms approach this problem by training agents to maximize given reward functions while respecting \textit{explicitly} defined constraints. However, in many cases, manually designing accurate constraints is a challenging task. In this work, given a reward function and a set of demonstrations from an expert that maximizes this reward function while respecting \textit{unknown} constraints, we propose a framework to learn the most likely constraints that the expert respects. We then train agents to maximize the given reward function subject to the learned constraints. Previous works in this regard have either mainly been restricted to tabular settings or specific types of constraints or assume knowledge of transition dynamics of the environment. In contrast, we empirically show that our framework is able to learn arbitrary \textit{Markovian} constraints in high-dimensions in a model-free setting.      
### 28.Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure Planning: A Scalable Computational Framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09967.pdf)
>  The optimal charging infrastructure planning problem over a large geospatial area is challenging due to the increasing network sizes of the transportation system and the electric grid. The coupling between the electric vehicle travel behaviors and charging events is therefore complex. This paper focuses on the demonstration of a scalable computational framework for the electric vehicle charging infrastructure planning over the tightly integrated transportation and electric grid networks. On the transportation side, a charging profile generation strategy is proposed leveraging the EV energy consumption model, trip routing, and charger selection methods. On the grid side, a genetic algorithm is utilized within the optimal power flow program to solve the optimal charger placement problem with integer variables by adaptively evaluating candidate solutions in the current iteration and generating new solutions for the next iterations.      
### 29.Proposing method to Increase the detection accuracy of stomach cancer based on colour and lint features of tongue using CNN and SVM  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09962.pdf)
>  Today, gastric cancer is one of the diseases which affected many people's life. Early detection and accuracy are the main and crucial challenges in finding this kind of cancer. In this paper, a method to increase the accuracy of the diagnosis of detecting cancer using lint and colour features of tongue based on deep convolutional neural networks and support vector machine is proposed. In the proposed method, the region of tongue is first separated from the face image by {deep RCNN} \color{black} Recursive Convolutional Neural Network (R-CNN) \color{black}. After the necessary preprocessing, the images to the convolutional neural network are provided and the training and test operations are triggered. The results show that the proposed method is correctly able to identify the area of the tongue as well as the patient's person from the non-patient. Based on experiments, the DenseNet network has the highest accuracy compared to other deep architectures. The experimental results show that the accuracy of this network for gastric cancer detection reaches 91% which shows the superiority of method in comparison to the state-of-the-art methods.      
### 30.A Bounded Multi-Vacation Queue Model for Multi-stage Sleep Control 5G Base station  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09951.pdf)
>  Modelling and control of energy consumption is an important problem in telecommunication <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://systems.To" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a> model such systems, this paper publishes a bounded multi-vacation queue model. The energy consumption predicted by the model shows an average error rate of 0.0177 and the delay predicted by the model shows an average error rate of 0.0655 over 99 test instances.Subsequently, an optimization algorithm is proposed to minimize the energy consumption while not violate the delay bound. Furthermore, given current state of art 5G base station system configuration, numerical results shows that with the increase of traffic load, energy saving rate becomes less.      
### 31.Reconfigurable Intelligent Surface Optimal Placement in Millimeter-Wave Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09949.pdf)
>  This work discusses the optimal placement of a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) in a millimeter wave (mmWave) point-to-point link. In particular, we present a novel system model that takes into account the relationship between the transmission beam footprint size at the RIS plane and the RIS size. Moreover, we present the theoretical framework that quantifies the RIS gain loss in the case that the transmission beam footprint in the RIS plane is smaller than the RIS size, and the beam waste for the case in which the transmission beam footprint in the RIS plane is larger than the RIS size, by extracting closed-form expressions for the received power and the end-to-end signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR) for both cases. Subsequently, building upon the expressions, we provide SNR maximization policies for both cases. Finally, we perform a comparison, in terms end-to-end SNR, between the RIS-aided link and its relay-aided counterpart.      
### 32.Towards Learning Controllable Representations of Physical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09906.pdf)
>  Learned representations of dynamical systems reduce dimensionality, potentially supporting downstream reinforcement learning (RL). However, no established methods predict a representation's suitability for control and evaluation is largely done via downstream RL performance, slowing representation design. Towards a principled evaluation of representations for control, we consider the relationship between the true state and the corresponding representations, proposing that ideally each representation corresponds to a unique true state. This motivates two metrics: temporal smoothness and high mutual information between true state/representation. These metrics are related to established representation objectives, and studied on Lagrangian systems where true state, information requirements, and statistical properties of the state can be formalized for a broad class of systems. These metrics are shown to predict reinforcement learning performance in a simulated peg-in-hole task when comparing variants of autoencoder-based representations.      
### 33.Explainable Incipient Fault Detection Systems for Photovoltaic Panels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09843.pdf)
>  This paper presents an eXplainable Fault Detection and Diagnosis System (XFDDS) for incipient faults in PV panels. The XFDDS is a hybrid approach that combines the model-based and data-driven framework. Model-based FDD for PV panels lacks high fidelity models at low irradiance conditions for detecting incipient faults. To overcome this, a novel irradiance based three diode model (IB3DM) is proposed. It is a nine parameter model that provides higher accuracy even at low irradiance conditions, an important aspect for detecting incipient faults from noise. To exploit PV data, extreme gradient boosting (XGBoost) is used due to its ability to detecting incipient faults. Lack of explainability, feature variability for sample instances, and false alarms are challenges with data-driven FDD methods. These shortcomings are overcome by hybridization of XGBoost and IB3DM, and using eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) techniques. To combine the XGBoost and IB3DM, a fault-signature metric is proposed that helps reducing false alarms and also trigger an explanation on detecting incipient faults. To provide explainability, an eXplainable Artificial Intelligence (XAI) application is developed. It uses the local interpretable model-agnostic explanations (LIME) framework and provides explanations on classifier outputs for data instances. These explanations help field engineers/technicians for performing troubleshooting and maintenance operations. The proposed XFDDS is illustrated using experiments on different PV technologies and our results demonstrate the perceived benefits.      
### 34.EventDetectR -- An Open-Source Event Detection System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09833.pdf)
>  EventDetectR: An efficient Event Detection System (EDS) capable of detecting unexpected water quality conditions. This approach uses multiple algorithms to model the relationship between various multivariate water quality signals. Then the residuals of the models were utilized in constructing the event detection algorithm, which provides a continuous measure of the probability of an event at every time step. The proposed framework was tested for water contamination events with industrial data from automated water quality sensors. The results showed that the framework is reliable with better performance and is highly suitable for event detection.      
### 35.A Temporal Convolution Network Approach to State-of-Charge Estimation in Li-ion Batteries  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09775.pdf)
>  Electric Vehicle (EV) fleets have dramatically expanded over the past several years. There has been significant increase in interest to electrify all modes of transportation. EVs are primarily powered by Energy Storage Systems such as Lithium-ion Battery packs. Total battery pack capacity translates to the available range in an EV. State of Charge (SOC) is the ratio of available battery capacity to total capacity and is expressed in percentages. It is crucial to accurately estimate SOC to determine the available range in an EV while it is in use. In this paper, a Temporal Convolution Network (TCN) approach is taken to estimate SOC. This is the first implementation of TCNs for the SOC estimation task. Estimation is carried out on various drive cycles such as HWFET, LA92, UDDS and US06 drive cycles at 1 C and 25 °Celsius. It was found that TCN architecture achieved an accuracy of 99.1%.      
### 36.Deep Residual Local Feature Learning for Speech Emotion Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09767.pdf)
>  Speech Emotion Recognition (SER) is becoming a key role in global business today to improve service efficiency, like call center services. Recent SERs were based on a deep learning approach. However, the efficiency of deep learning depends on the number of layers, i.e., the deeper layers, the higher efficiency. On the other hand, the deeper layers are causes of a vanishing gradient problem, a low learning rate, and high time-consuming. Therefore, this paper proposed a redesign of existing local feature learning block (LFLB). The new design is called a deep residual local feature learning block (DeepResLFLB). DeepResLFLB consists of three cascade blocks: LFLB, residual local feature learning block (ResLFLB), and multilayer perceptron (MLP). LFLB is built for learning local correlations along with extracting hierarchical correlations; DeepResLFLB can take advantage of repeatedly learning to explain more detail in deeper layers using residual learning for solving vanishing gradient and reducing overfitting; and MLP is adopted to find the relationship of learning and discover probability for predicted speech emotions and gender types. Based on two available published datasets: EMODB and RAVDESS, the proposed DeepResLFLB can significantly improve performance when evaluated by standard metrics: accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score.      
### 37.Foreground-Aware Relation Network for Geospatial Object Segmentation in High Spatial Resolution Remote Sensing Imagery  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09766.pdf)
>  Geospatial object segmentation, as a particular semantic segmentation task, always faces with larger-scale variation, larger intra-class variance of background, and foreground-background imbalance in the high spatial resolution (HSR) remote sensing imagery. However, general semantic segmentation methods mainly focus on scale variation in the natural scene, with inadequate consideration of the other two problems that usually happen in the large area earth observation scene. In this paper, we argue that the problems lie on the lack of foreground modeling and propose a foreground-aware relation network (FarSeg) from the perspectives of relation-based and optimization-based foreground modeling, to alleviate the above two problems. From perspective of relation, FarSeg enhances the discrimination of foreground features via foreground-correlated contexts associated by learning foreground-scene relation. Meanwhile, from perspective of optimization, a foreground-aware optimization is proposed to focus on foreground examples and hard examples of background during training for a balanced optimization. The experimental results obtained using a large scale dataset suggest that the proposed method is superior to the state-of-the-art general semantic segmentation methods and achieves a better trade-off between speed and accuracy. Code has been made available at: \url{<a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Z-Zheng/FarSeg" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>}.      
### 38.Attention-Based Transformers for Instance Segmentation of Cells in Microstructures  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09763.pdf)
>  Detecting and segmenting object instances is a common task in biomedical applications. Examples range from detecting lesions on functional magnetic resonance images, to the detection of tumours in histopathological images and extracting quantitative single-cell information from microscopy imagery, where cell segmentation is a major bottleneck. Attention-based transformers are state-of-the-art in a range of deep learning fields. They have recently been proposed for segmentation tasks where they are beginning to outperforming other methods. We present a novel attention-based cell detection transformer (Cell-DETR) for direct end-to-end instance segmentation. While the segmentation performance is on par with a state-of-the-art instance segmentation method, Cell-DETR is simpler and faster. We showcase the method's contribution in a the typical use case of segmenting yeast in microstructured environments, commonly employed in systems or synthetic biology. For the specific use case, the proposed method surpasses the state-of-the-art tools for semantic segmentation and additionally predicts the individual object instances. The fast and accurate instance segmentation performance increases the experimental information yield for a posteriori data processing and makes online monitoring of experiments and closed-loop optimal experimental design feasible.      
### 39.End-To-End Dilated Variational Autoencoder with Bottleneck Discriminative Loss for Sound Morphing -- A Preliminary Study  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09744.pdf)
>  We present a preliminary study on an end-to-end variational autoencoder (VAE) for sound morphing. Two VAE variants are compared: VAE with dilation layers (DC-VAE) and VAE only with regular convolutional layers (CC-VAE). We combine the following loss functions: 1) the time-domain mean-squared error for reconstructing the input signal, 2) the Kullback-Leibler divergence to the standard normal distribution in the bottleneck layer, and 3) the classification loss calculated from the bottleneck representation. On a database of spoken digits, we use 1-nearest neighbor classification to show that the sound classes separate in the bottleneck layer. We introduce the Mel-frequency cepstrum coefficient dynamic time warping (MFCC-DTW) deviation as a measure of how well the VAE decoder projects the class center in the latent (bottleneck) layer to the center of the sounds of that class in the audio domain. In terms of MFCC-DTW deviation and 1-NN classification, DC-VAE outperforms CC-VAE. These results for our parametrization and our dataset indicate that DC-VAE is more suitable for sound morphing than CC-VAE, since the DC-VAE decoder better preserves the topology when mapping from the audio domain to the latent space. Examples are given both for morphing spoken digits and drum sounds.      
### 40.Preparing Weather Data for Real-Time Building Energy Simulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09733.pdf)
>  This study introduces a framework for quality control of measured weather data, including anomaly detection, and infilling missing values. Weather data is a fundamental input to building performance simulations, in which anomalous values defect the results while missing data lead to an unexpected termination of the simulation process. Traditionally, infilling missing values in weather data is performed through periodic or linear interpolations. However, when missing values exceed many consecutive hours, the accuracy of traditional methods is subject to debate. This study demonstrates how Neural Networks can increase the accuracy of data imputation when compared to other supervised learning methods. The framework is validated by predicting missing temperature and relative humidity data for an observation site, through a network of nearby weather stations in Milan, Italy. Results show that the proposed method can facilitate real-time building simulations with accurate and rapid quality control.      
### 41.Latent-Separated Global Prediction for Learned Image Compression  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09704.pdf)
>  Over the past several years, we have witnessed the impressive progress of learned image compression. Recent learned image codecs are based on auto-encoders, that first encode an image into low-dimensional latent representations and then decode them for reconstruction. To capture spatial dependencies in the latent space, prior works exploit hyperprior and spatial context model to facilitate entropy estimation. However, they are hard to model effective long-range dependencies of the latents. In this paper, we explore to further reduce spatial redundancies among the latent variables by utilizing cross-channel relationships for explicit global prediction in the latent space. Obviously, it will generate bits overhead to transmit the prediction vectors that indicate the global correlations between reference point and current decoding point. Therefore, to avoid the transmission of overhead, we propose a 3-D global context model, which separates the latents into two channel groups. Once the first group is decoded, the proposed module will leverage the known group to model spatial correlations that guide the global prediction for the unknown group and thus achieve more efficient entropy estimation. Besides, we further adopt split attention module to build more powerful transform networks. Experimental results demonstrate that our full image compression model outperforms standard VVC/H.266 codec on Kodak dataset in terms of both PSNR and MS-SSIM, yielding the state-of-the-art rate-distortion performance.      
### 42.Throughput Optimal Uplink Scheduling in Heterogeneous PLC and LTE Communication for Delay Aware Smart Grid Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09629.pdf)
>  Smart grid is an energy network that integrates advanced power equipment, communication technology and control technology. It can transmit two-way power and data among all components of the grid at the same time. The existing smart grid communication technologies include power line carrier (PLC) com-munication, industrial Ethernet, passive optical networks and wireless communi-cation, each of which have different advantages. Due to the complex application scenarios, massive sampling points and high transmission reliability require-ments, a single communication method cannot fully meet the communication re-quirements of smart grid, and heterogeneous communication modes are required. In addition, with the development of cellular technology, long term evolution (LTE)-based standards have been identified as a promising technology that can meet the strict requirements of various operations in smart grid. In this paper, we analyze the advantages and disadvantages of PLC and LTE communication, and design a network framework for PLC and LTE communication uplink heteroge-neous communication in smart grid. Then, we propose an uplink scheduling transmission method for sampling data with optimized throughput according to the requirements of system delay and reliability. Then, we use the formula deri-vation to prove the stability and solvability of the scheduling system in theory. Finally, the simulation results show that under the condition of satisfying the de-lay requirement, our proposed framework can optimally allocate the wireless communication resource and maximize the throughput of the uplink transmission system. Keywords: smart grid, heterogeneous communication, optimized throughput.      
### 43.A Distributed Augmenting Path Approach for the Bottleneck Assignment Problem  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09606.pdf)
>  We develop an algorithm to solve the Bottleneck Assignment Problem (BAP) that is amenable to having computation distributed over a network of agents. This consists of exploring how each component of the algorithm can be distributed, with a focus on one component in particular, i.e., the function to search for an augmenting path. An augmenting path is a common tool used in most BAP algorithms and poses a particular challenge for this distributed approach. Given this significance, we compare two different methods to search for an augmenting path in a bipartite graph. We also exploit properties of the augmenting paths to formalise conditions for which the solution from subsets of the sets of agents and tasks can be used to solve the BAP with the full sets of agents and tasks. In the end, we evaluate and compare the derived approaches with a numerical analysis.      
### 44.Towards mmWave V2X in 5G and Beyond to Support Automated Driving  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09590.pdf)
>  Millimeter wave provides high data rates for Vehicle-to-Everything (V2X) communications. This paper motivates millimeter wave to support automated driving and begins by explaining V2X use cases that support automated driving with references to several standardi-zation bodies. The paper gives a classification of existing V2X stand-ards: IEEE802.11p and LTE V2X, along with the status of their com-mercial deployment. Then, the paper provides a detailed assessment on how millimeter wave V2X enables the use case of cooperative perception. The explanations provide detailed rate calculations for this use case and show that millimeter wave is the only technology able to achieve the requirements. Furthermore, specific challenges related to millimeter wave for V2X are described, including cover-age enhancement and beam alignment. The paper concludes with some results from three studies, i.e. IEEE802.11ad (WiGig) based V2X, extension of 5G NR (New Radio) toward mmWave V2X, and prototypes of intelligent street with mmWave V2X.      
### 45.Learning Recurrent Neural Net Models of Nonlinear Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09573.pdf)
>  We consider the following learning problem: Given sample pairs of input and output signals generated by an unknown nonlinear system (which is not assumed to be causal or time-invariant), we wish to find a continuous-time recurrent neural net with hyperbolic tangent activation function that approximately reproduces the underlying i/o behavior with high confidence. Leveraging earlier work concerned with matching output derivatives up to a given finite order, we reformulate the learning problem in familiar system-theoretic language and derive quantitative guarantees on the sup-norm risk of the learned model in terms of the number of neurons, the sample size, the number of derivatives being matched, and the regularity properties of the inputs, the outputs, and the unknown i/o map.      
### 46.StressNet: Detecting Stress in Thermal Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09540.pdf)
>  Precise measurement of physiological signals is critical for the effective monitoring of human vital signs. Recent developments in computer vision have demonstrated that signals such as pulse rate and respiration rate can be extracted from digital video of humans, increasing the possibility of contact-less monitoring. This paper presents a novel approach to obtaining physiological signals and classifying stress states from thermal video. The proposed network--"StressNet"--features a hybrid emission representation model that models the direct emission and absorption of heat by the skin and underlying blood vessels. This results in an information-rich feature representation of the face, which is used by spatio-temporal network for reconstructing the ISTI ( Initial Systolic Time Interval: a measure of change in cardiac sympathetic activity that is considered to be a quantitative index of stress in humans ). The reconstructed ISTI signal is fed into a stress-detection model to detect and classify the individual's stress state ( i.e. stress or no stress ). A detailed evaluation demonstrates that StressNet achieves estimated the ISTI signal with 95% accuracy and detect stress with average precision of 0.842. The source code is available on Github.      
### 47.Neuro-Symbolic Representations for Video Captioning: A Case for Leveraging Inductive Biases for Vision and Language  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.09530.pdf)
>  Neuro-symbolic representations have proved effective in learning structure information in vision and language. In this paper, we propose a new model architecture for learning multi-modal neuro-symbolic representations for video captioning. Our approach uses a dictionary learning-based method of learning relations between videos and their paired text descriptions. We refer to these relations as relative roles and leverage them to make each token role-aware using attention. This results in a more structured and interpretable architecture that incorporates modality-specific inductive biases for the captioning task. Intuitively, the model is able to learn spatial, temporal, and cross-modal relations in a given pair of video and text. The disentanglement achieved by our proposal gives the model more capacity to capture multi-modal structures which result in captions with higher quality for videos. Our experiments on two established video captioning datasets verifies the effectiveness of the proposed approach based on automatic metrics. We further conduct a human evaluation to measure the grounding and relevance of the generated captions and observe consistent improvement for the proposed model. The codes and trained models can be found at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/hassanhub/R3Transformer" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
