# ArXiv eess --Mon, 16 Nov 2020
### 1.Multi-Modal Emotion Detection with Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.07065.pdf)
>  Automated emotion detection in speech is a challenging task due to the complex interdependence between words and the manner in which they are spoken. It is made more difficult by the available datasets; their small size and incompatible labeling idiosyncrasies make it hard to build generalizable emotion detection systems. To address these two challenges, we present a multi-modal approach that first transfers learning from related tasks in speech and text to produce robust neural embeddings and then uses these embeddings to train a pLDA classifier that is able to adapt to previously unseen emotions and domains. We begin by training a multilayer TDNN on the task of speaker identification with the VoxCeleb corpora and then fine-tune it on the task of emotion identification with the Crema-D corpus. Using this network, we extract speech embeddings for Crema-D from each of its layers, generate and concatenate text embeddings for the accompanying transcripts using a fine-tuned BERT model and then train an LDA - pLDA classifier on the resulting dense representations. We exhaustively evaluate the predictive power of every component: the TDNN alone, speech embeddings from each of its layers alone, text embeddings alone and every combination thereof. Our best variant, trained on only VoxCeleb and Crema-D and evaluated on IEMOCAP, achieves an EER of 38.05%. Including a portion of IEMOCAP during training produces a 5-fold averaged EER of 25.72% (For comparison, 44.71% of the gold-label annotations include at least one annotator who disagrees).      
### 2.Automatic segmentation with detection of local segmentation failures in cardiac MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.07025.pdf)
>  Segmentation of cardiac anatomical structures in cardiac magnetic resonance images (CMRI) is a prerequisite for automatic diagnosis and prognosis of cardiovascular diseases. To increase robustness and performance of segmentation methods this study combines automatic segmentation and assessment of segmentation uncertainty in CMRI to detect image regions containing local segmentation failures. Three state-of-the-art convolutional neural networks (CNN) were trained to automatically segment cardiac anatomical structures and obtain two measures of predictive uncertainty: entropy and a measure derived by MC-dropout. Thereafter, using the uncertainties another CNN was trained to detect local segmentation failures that potentially need correction by an expert. Finally, manual correction of the detected regions was simulated. Using publicly available CMR scans from the MICCAI 2017 ACDC challenge, the impact of CNN architecture and loss function for segmentation, and the uncertainty measure was investigated. Performance was evaluated using the Dice coefficient and 3D Hausdorff distance between manual and automatic segmentation. The experiments reveal that combining automatic segmentation with simulated manual correction of detected segmentation failures leads to statistically significant performance increase.      
### 3.Ensuring Data Freshness for Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain-enabled Monitoring Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.07012.pdf)
>  Age of Information (AoI) is a recently proposed metric for quantifying data freshness in real-time status monitoring systems where timeliness is of importance. In this paper, we explore the data freshness in Hyperledger Fabric Blockchain-enabled monitoring network (HeMN) by leveraging the AoI metric. In HeMN, status updates from sources are transmitted through an uplink and recorded in the Hyperledger Fabric (HLF) network. To investigate the characteristics of the AoI in HeMN, we formulate the distribution of peak age of information (PAoI) and the average AoI. Furthermore, we derive a closed-form of the AoI violation probability, considering the transmission latency and the consensus latency for a stochastic guarantee of data freshness. We validate the analytic results by implementing a HLF network. We also investigate the effects of the HeMN parameters, i.e., a target successful transmission probability (STP), block size, and timeout, on the average AoI, PAoI violation probability, and AoI violation probability and show a trade-off relationship exists between them. Then, we conclude by providing the design insights into keeping data fresh in HeMN.      
### 4.Imposing Robust Structured Control Constraint on Reinforcement Learning of Linear Quadratic Regulator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.07011.pdf)
>  This paper discusses learning a structured feedback control to obtain sufficient robustness to exogenous inputs for linear dynamic systems with unknown state matrix. The structural constraint on the controller is necessary for many cyber-physical systems, and our approach presents a design for any generic structure, paving the way for distributed learning control. The ideas from reinforcement learning (RL) in conjunction with control-theoretic sufficient stability and performance guarantees are used to develop the methodology. First, a model-based framework is formulated using dynamic programming to embed the structural constraint in the linear quadratic regulator (LQR) setting along with sufficient robustness conditions. Thereafter, we translate these conditions to a data-driven learning-based framework - robust structured reinforcement learning (RSRL) that enjoys the control-theoretic guarantees on stability and convergence. We validate our theoretical results with a simulation on a multi-agent network with $6$ agents.      
### 5.Metastatic Cancer Image Classification Based On Deep Learning Method  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06984.pdf)
>  Using histopathological images to automatically classify cancer is a difficult task for accurately detecting cancer, especially to identify metastatic cancer in small image patches obtained from larger digital pathology scans. Computer diagnosis technology has attracted wide attention from researchers. In this paper, we propose a noval method which combines the deep learning algorithm in image classification, the DenseNet169 framework and Rectified Adam optimization algorithm. The connectivity pattern of DenseNet is direct connections from any layer to all consecutive layers, which can effectively improve the information flow between different layers. With the fact that RAdam is not easy to fall into a local optimal solution, and it can converge quickly in model training. The experimental results shows that our model achieves superior performance over the other classical convolutional neural networks approaches, such as Vgg19, Resnet34, Resnet50. In particular, the Auc-Roc score of our DenseNet169 model is 1.77% higher than Vgg19 model, and the Accuracy score is 1.50% higher. Moreover, we also study the relationship between loss value and batches processed during the training stage and validation stage, and obtain some important and interesting findings.      
### 6.A Secure Distributed Ledger for Transactive Energy: The Electron Volt Exchange (EVE) Blockchain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06983.pdf)
>  The adoption of blockchain for Transactive Energy has gained significant momentum as it allows mutually non-trusting agents to trade energy services in a trustless energy market. Research to date has assumed that the built-in Byzantine Fault Tolerance in recording transactions in a ledger is sufficient to ensure integrity. Such work must be extended to address security gaps including random bilateral transactions that do not guarantee reliable and efficient market operation, and market participants having incentives to cheat when reporting actual production/consumption figures. Work herein introduces the Electron Volt Exchange framework with the following characteristics: 1) a distributed protocol for pricing and scheduling prosumers' production/consumption while keeping constraints and bids private, and 2) a distributed algorithm to prevent theft that verifies prosumers' compliance to scheduled transactions using information from grid sensors (such as smart meters) and mitigates the impact of false data injection attacks. Flexibility and robustness of the approach are demonstrated through simulation and implementation using Hyperledger Fabric.      
### 7.Neural network for estimation of optical characteristics of optically active and turbid scattering media  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06934.pdf)
>  One native source of quality deterioration in medical imaging, and especially in our case optical coherence tomography (OCT), is the turbid biological media in which photon does not take a predictable path and many scattering events would influence the effective path length and change the polarization of polarized light. This inherent problem would cause imaging errors even in the case of high resolution of interferometric methods. To address this problem and considering the inherent random nature of this problem, in the last decades some methods including Monte Carlo simulation for OCT was proposed. In this approach simulation would give us a one on one comparison of underlying physical structure and its OCT imaging counterpart. Although its goal was to give the practitioners a better understanding of underlying structure, it lacks in providing a comprehensive approach to increase the accuracy and imaging quality of OCT imaging and would only provide a set of examples on how imaging method might falter. To mitigate this problem and to demonstrate a new approach to improve the medical imaging without changing any hardware, we introduce a new pipeline consisting of Monte Carlo simulation followed by a deep neural network.      
### 8.CentiTrack: Towards Centimeter-Level Passive Gesture Tracking with Commodity WiFi  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06896.pdf)
>  Gesture awareness plays a crucial role in promoting human-computer interface. Previous works either depend on customized hardware or need a priori learning of wireless signal patterns, facing downsides in terms of the privacy concern, availability and reliability. In this paper, we propose CentiTrack, the first centimeter-level passive gesture tracking system that works with only three commodityWiFi devices, without any extra hardware modifications or wearable sensors. To this end, we first identify the Channel State Information (CSI) measurement error sources in the physical layer process, and then denoise CSI by the complex ratio between adjacent antennas. Principal Component Analysis (PCA) is further adopted to separate the reflected signals from noises. Benchmark experiments are conducted to verify that the phase changes of denoised CSI are proportional to the length changes of dynamic path reflected off the hand. In addition, we adopt the Multiple Signal Classification (MUSIC) algorithm to estimate the Angle-of-Arrivals (AoAs) of dynamic paths, and then locate the initial position of hands with triangulation. We also propose a novel static componnets elimination algorithm for tracking correction by eliminating the components unrelated to motion. A prototype of CentiTrack is fully realized and evaluated in various real scenarios. Extensive experiments show that CentiTrack is superior in terms of tracking accuracy, sensing range and device cost, compared with the state-of-the-arts.      
### 9.Reinforcement Learning Control of Constrained Dynamic Systems with Uniformly Ultimate Boundedness Stability Guarantee  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06882.pdf)
>  Reinforcement learning (RL) is promising for complicated stochastic nonlinear control problems. Without using a mathematical model, an optimal controller can be learned from data evaluated by certain performance criteria through trial-and-error. However, the data-based learning approach is notorious for not guaranteeing stability, which is the most fundamental property for any control system. In this paper, the classic Lyapunov's method is explored to analyze the uniformly ultimate boundedness stability (UUB) solely based on data without using a mathematical model. It is further shown how RL with UUB guarantee can be applied to control dynamic systems with safety constraints. Based on the theoretical results, both off-policy and on-policy learning algorithms are proposed respectively. As a result, optimal controllers can be learned to guarantee UUB of the closed-loop system both at convergence and during learning. The proposed algorithms are evaluated on a series of robotic continuous control tasks with safety constraints. In comparison with the existing RL algorithms, the proposed method can achieve superior performance in terms of maintaining safety. As a qualitative evaluation of stability, our method shows impressive resilience even in the presence of external disturbances.      
### 10.REPAC: Reliable estimation of phase-amplitude coupling in brain networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06878.pdf)
>  Recent evidence has revealed cross-frequency coupling and, particularly, phase-amplitude coupling (PAC) as an important strategy for the brain to accomplish a variety of high-level cognitive and sensory functions. However, decoding PAC is still challenging. This contribution presents REPAC, a reliable and robust algorithm for modeling and detecting PAC events in EEG signals. First, we explain the synthesis of PAC-like EEG signals, with special attention to the most critical parameters that characterize PAC, i.e., SNR, modulation index, duration of coupling. Second, REPAC is introduced in detail. We use computer simulations to generate a set of random PAC-like EEG signals and test the performance of REPAC with regard to a baseline method. REPAC is shown to outperform the baseline method even with realistic values of SNR, e.g., -10 dB. They both reach accuracy levels around 99%, but REPAC leads to a significant improvement of sensitivity, from 20.11% to 65.21%, with comparable specificity (around 99%). REPAC is also applied to a real EEG signal showing preliminary encouraging results.      
### 11.IoT Wallet: Machine Learning-based Sensor Portfolio Application  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06861.pdf)
>  In this paper an application for building sensor wallet is presented. Currently, given system collects sensor data from The Things Network (TTN) cloud system, stores the data into the Influx database and presents the processed data to the user dashboard. Based on the type of the user, data can be viewed-only, controlled or the top user can register the sensor to the system. Moreover, the system can notify users based on the rules that can be adjusted through the user interface. The special feature of the system is the machine learning service that can be used in various scenarios and is presented throughout the case study that gives a novel approach to estimate soil moisture from the signal strength of a given underground LoRa beacon node.      
### 12.On the stability properties of Gated Recurrent Units neural networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06806.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to provide sufficient conditions for guaranteeing the Input-to-State Stability (ISS) and the Incremental Input-to-State Stability ({\delta}ISS) of Gated Recurrent Units (GRUs) neural networks. These conditions, devised for both single-layer and multi-layer architectures, consist of nonlinear inequalities on network's weights. They can be employed to check the stability of trained networks, or can be enforced as constraints during the training procedure of a GRU. The resulting training procedure is tested on a Quadruple Tank nonlinear benchmark system, showing satisfactory modeling performances.      
### 13.Deep learning-based classification of fine hand movements from low frequency EEG  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06791.pdf)
>  The classification of different fine hand movements from EEG signals represents a relevant research challenge, e.g., in brain-computer interface applications for motor rehabilitation. Here, we analyzed two different datasets where fine hand movements (touch, grasp, palmar and lateral grasp) were performed in a self-paced modality. We trained and tested a newly proposed convolutional neural network (CNN), and we compared its classification performance into respect to two well-established machine learning models, namely, a shrinked-LDA and a Random Forest. Compared to previous literature, we took advantage of the knowledge of the neuroscience field, and we trained our CNN model on the so-called Movement Related Cortical Potentials (MRCPs)s. They are EEG amplitude modulations at low frequencies, i.e., (0.3, 3) Hz, that have been proved to encode several properties of the movements, e.g., type of grasp, force level and speed. We showed that CNN achieved good performance in both datasets and they were similar or superior to the baseline models. Also, compared to the baseline, our CNN requires a lighter and faster pre-processing procedure, paving the way for its possible use in an online modality, e.g., for many brain-computer interface applications.      
### 14.Deep Learning Based Generalized Models for Depression Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06739.pdf)
>  Depression detection using vocal biomarkers is a highly researched area. Articulatory coordination features (ACFs) are developed based on the changes in neuromotor coordination due to psychomotor slowing, a key feature of Major Depressive Disorder. However findings of existing studies are mostly validated on a single database which limits the generalizability of results. Variability across different depression databases adversely affects the results in cross corpus evaluations (CCEs). We propose to develop a generalized classifier for depression detection using a dilated Convolutional Neural Network which is trained on ACFs extracted from two depression databases. We show that ACFs derived from Vocal Tract Variables (TVs) show promise as a robust set of features for depression detection. Our model achieves relative accuracy improvements of ~10% compared to CCEs performed on models trained on a single database. We extend the study to show that fusing TVs and Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients can further improve the performance of this classifier.      
### 15.Stability Certification Standards for DC Microgrid Networks with Arbitrary Load Configurations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06707.pdf)
>  DC microgrids are prone to small-signal instabilities due to the presence of tightly regulated loads. This paper develops a decentralized stability certificate which is capable of certifying the small-signal stability of an islanded DC network containing such loads. Utilizing a novel homotopy approach, the proposed standards ensure that no system eigenmodes are able to cross into the unstable right half plane for a continuous range of controller gain levels. The resulting "standards" can be applied to variety of grid components which meet the specified, but non-unique, criteria. These standards thus take a step towards offering plug-and-play operability of DC microgrids. The proposed theorems are explicitly illustrated and numerically validated on a test-case example of a DC microgrid network containing controlled buck converter loads.      
### 16.Discrete Cosine Transform Based Causal Convolutional Neural Network for Drift Compensation in Chemical Sensors  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06681.pdf)
>  Sensor drift is a major problem in chemical sensors that requires addressing for reliable and accurate detection of chemical analytes. In this paper, we develop a causal convolutional neural network (CNN) with a Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) layer to estimate the drift signal. In the DCT module, we apply soft-thresholding nonlinearity in the transform domain to denoise the data and obtain a sparse representation of the drift signal. The soft-threshold values are learned during training. Our results show that DCT layer-based CNNs are able to produce a slowly varying baseline drift signal. We train the CNN on synthetic data and test it on real chemical sensor data. Our results show that we can have an accurate and smooth drift estimate even when the observed sensor signal is very noisy.      
### 17.Disassemblable Fieldwork CT Scanner Using a 3D-printed Calibration Phantom  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06671.pdf)
>  The use of computed tomography (CT) imaging has become of increasing interest to academic areas outside of the field of medical imaging and industrial inspection, e.g., to biology and cultural heritage research. The pecularities of these fields, however, sometimes require that objects need to be imaged on-site, e.g., in field-work conditions or in museum collections. Under these circumstances, it is often not possible to use a commercial device and a custom solution is the only viable option. In order to achieve high image quality under adverse conditions, reliable calibration and trajectory reproduction are usually key requirements for any custom CT scanning system. Here, we introduce the construction of a low-cost disassemblable CT scanner that allows calibration even when trajectory reproduction is not possible due to the limitations imposed by the project conditions. Using 3D-printed in-image calibration phantoms, we compute a projection matrix directly from each captured X-ray projection. We describe our method in detail and show successful tomographic reconstructions of several specimen as proof of concept.      
### 18.A comprehensive mathematical model of a low-friction servopneumatic actuator  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06659.pdf)
>  This paper presents a comprehensive mathematical model of a servopneumatic system, aimed at its consolidation in literature. The work exploits system's friction forces, temperature and pressure evolution, heat transfer, leakage between chambers and environment, equilibrium of cylinder forces, resistance of the pipes, mass flow rate in valve output, varying area of valve orifices and equilibrium of valve forces. Numerical simulations are performed, where system's elastic behaviour due to the air compressibility is thoroughly exploited.      
### 19.A Study of Domain Generalization on Ultrasound-based Multi-Class Segmentation of Arteries, Veins, Ligaments, and Nerves Using Transfer Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.07019.pdf)
>  Identifying landmarks in the femoral area is crucial for ultrasound (US) -based robot-guided catheter insertion, and their presentation varies when imaged with different scanners. As such, the performance of past deep learning-based approaches is also narrowly limited to the training data distribution; this can be circumvented by fine-tuning all or part of the model, yet the effects of fine-tuning are seldom discussed. In this work, we study the US-based segmentation of multiple classes through transfer learning by fine-tuning different contiguous blocks within the model, and evaluating on a gamut of US data from different scanners and settings. We propose a simple method for predicting generalization on unseen datasets and observe statistically significant differences between the fine-tuning methods while working towards domain generalization.      
### 20.NightVision: Generating Nighttime Satellite Imagery from Infra-Red Observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.07017.pdf)
>  The recent explosion in applications of machine learning to satellite imagery often rely on visible images and therefore suffer from a lack of data during the night. The gap can be filled by employing available infra-red observations to generate visible images. This work presents how deep learning can be applied successfully to create those images by using U-Net based architectures. The proposed methods show promising results, achieving a structural similarity index (SSIM) up to 86\% on an independent test set and providing visually convincing output images, generated from infra-red observations.      
### 21.Finding optimal Pulse Repetion Intervals with Many-objective Evolutionary Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06913.pdf)
>  In this paper we consider the problem of finding Pulse Repetition Intervals allowing the best compromises mitigating range and Doppler ambiguities in a Pulsed-Doppler radar system. We revisit a problem that was proposed to the Evolutionary Computation community as a real-world case to test Many-objective Optimization algorithms. We use it as a baseline to compare several Evolutionary Algorithms for black-box optimization with different metrics. Resulting data is aggregated to build a reference set of Pareto optimal points and is the starting point for further analysis and operational use by the radar designer.      
### 22.Hybrid Federated and Centralized Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06892.pdf)
>  Many of the machine learning (ML) tasks are focused on centralized learning (CL), which requires the transmission of local datasets from the clients to a parameter server (PS), which entails huge communication overhead. To overcome this issue, federated learning (FL) has been a promising tool, wherein the clients send only the model updates to the PS instead of the whole dataset. Thus, FL brings the learning task into the edge level, which demands powerful computational resources from the clients. This requirement may not be satisfied in all ML applications due to diversity of the edge devices in terms of computation power. In this work, we propose a hybrid federated and centralized learning (HFCL) framework to effectively train a learning model by exploiting the computational capability of the clients. In HFCL, only the clients who have sufficient resources employ FL while the ones who do not resort to CL by transmitting their local dataset to the PS. We also propose a sequential data transmission approach with HFCL (HFCL-SDT) to sequentially transmit the datasets in order to reduce the duration of the training. The proposed method is advantageous since all the clients collaborate on the learning process regardless of their computational resources. Via numerical simulations, the proposed HFCL scheme is shown to be superior than FL with a moderate communication overhead between FL and CL.      
### 23.Low-activity supervised convolutional spiking neural networks applied to speech commands recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06846.pdf)
>  Deep Neural Networks (DNNs) are the current state-of-the-art models in many speech related tasks. There is a growing interest, though, for more biologically realistic, hardware friendly and energy efficient models, named Spiking Neural Networks (SNNs). Recently, it has been shown that SNNs can be trained efficiently, in a supervised manner, using backpropagation with a surrogate gradient trick. In this work, we report speech command (SC) recognition experiments using supervised SNNs. We explored the Leaky-Integrate-Fire (LIF) neuron model for this task, and show that a model comprised of stacked dilated convolution spiking layers can reach an error rate very close to standard DNNs on the Google SC v1 dataset: 5.5%, while keeping a very sparse spiking activity, below 5%, thank to a new regularization term. We also show that modeling the leakage of the neuron membrane potential is useful, since the LIF model outperformed its non-leaky model counterpart significantly.      
### 24.Physical Layer Security in a SISO Communication using Frequency-Domain Time-Reversal OFDM Precoding and Artificial Noise Injection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06840.pdf)
>  A frequency domain (FD) time-reversal (TR) precoder is proposed to perform physical layer security (PLS) in single-input single-output (SISO) systems using orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing (OFDM) and artificial noise (AN) signal injection. The AN signal does not corrupt the data transmission to the legitimate receiver but degrades the decoding performance of the eavesdropper. This scheme guarantees the secrecy of a communication towards a legitimate user when the transmitter knows the instantaneous channel state information (CSI) of the legitimate link thanks to the channel reciprocity in time division duplex (TDD) systems, but does not know the instantaneous CSI of a potential eavesdropper. Three optimal decoding structures at the eavesdropper are considered in a fast fading (FF) environment depending on the handshake procedure between Alice and Bob. Closed-form approximations of the AN energy to inject in order to maximize the SR of the communication are derived. In addition, the required conditions at the legitimate receiver's end to guarantee a given SR are determined when Eve's signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) is infinite. Furthermore, a waterfilling power allocation strategy is presented to further enhance the secrecy of the scheme. Simulation results are presented to demonstrate the security performance of the proposed secure system.      
### 25.A Comprehensive Survey on Deep Music Generation: Multi-level Representations, Algorithms, Evaluations, and Future Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06801.pdf)
>  The utilization of deep learning techniques in generating various contents (such as image, text, etc.) has become a trend. Especially music, the topic of this paper, has attracted widespread attention of countless researchers.The whole process of producing music can be divided into three stages, corresponding to the three levels of music generation: score generation produces scores, performance generation adds performance characteristics to the scores, and audio generation converts scores with performance characteristics into audio by assigning timbre or generates music in audio format directly. Previous surveys have explored the network models employed in the field of automatic music generation. However, the development history, the model evolution, as well as the pros and cons of same music generation task have not been clearly illustrated. This paper attempts to provide an overview of various composition tasks under different music generation levels, covering most of the currently popular music generation tasks using deep learning. In addition, we summarize the datasets suitable for diverse tasks, discuss the music representations, the evaluation methods as well as the challenges under different levels, and finally point out several future directions.      
### 26.Fast and Scalable Earth Texture Synthesis using Spatially Assembled Generative Adversarial Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06776.pdf)
>  The earth texture with complex morphological geometry and compositions such as shale and carbonate rocks, is typically characterized with sparse field samples because of an expensive and time-consuming characterization process. Accordingly, generating arbitrary large size of the geological texture with similar topological structures at a low computation cost has become one of the key tasks for realistic geomaterial reconstruction. Recently, generative adversarial neural networks (GANs) have demonstrated a potential of synthesizing input textural images and creating equiprobable geomaterial images. However, the texture synthesis with the GANs framework is often limited by the computational cost and scalability of the output texture size. In this study, we proposed a spatially assembled GANs (SAGANs) that can generate output images of an arbitrary large size regardless of the size of training images with computational efficiency. The performance of the SAGANs was evaluated with two and three dimensional (2D and 3D) rock image samples widely used in geostatistical reconstruction of the earth texture. We demonstrate SAGANs can generate the arbitrary large size of statistical realizations with connectivity and structural properties similar to training images, and also can generate a variety of realizations even on a single training image. In addition, the computational time was significantly improved compared to standard GANs frameworks.      
### 27.Learning Scalable Self-Driving Policies for Generic Traffic Scenarios  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06775.pdf)
>  Robust and safe self-driving in complex and dynamic environments is quite challenging due to the requirement of scalable driving policies against the wide variety of traffic scenarios (e,g., road topologies, traffic rules and interaction with road agents). In this area, traditional modular frameworks scale poorly in new environments, and require tremendous and iterative hand-tuning of rules and parameters to maintain performance in all foreseeable scenarios. Recently, deep-learning based self-driving methods have shown promising results with better generalization capability but less hand engineering effort. However, most of the previous methods are trained and evaluated in limited and simple environments with scattered tasks, such as lane-following, autonomous braking and conditional driving. In this paper, we propose a graph-based deep network to achieve unified and scalable self-driving in diverse dynamic environments. The extensive evaluation results show that our model can safely navigate the vehicle in a large variety of urban, rural, and highway areas with dense traffic while obeying traffic rules. Specifically, more than 7,500 km of closed-loop driving evaluation is conducted in dynamic simulation environments, in which our method can handle complex driving situations, and achieve higher success rates (73.5%-83.2%) and driving scores than the baselines.      
### 28.The SLT 2021 children speech recognition challenge: Open datasets, rules and baselines  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06724.pdf)
>  Automatic speech recognition (ASR) has been significantly advanced with the use of deep learning and big data. However improving robustness, including achieving equally good performance on diverse speakers and accents, is still a challenging problem. In particular, the performance of children speech recognition (CSR) still lags behind due to 1) the speech and language characteristics of children's voice are substantially different from those of adults and 2) sizable open dataset for children speech is still not available in the research community. To address these problems, we launch the Children Speech Recognition Challenge (CSRC), as a flagship satellite event of IEEE SLT 2021 workshop. The challenge will release about 400 hours of Mandarin speech data for registered teams and set up two challenge tracks and provide a common testbed to benchmark the CSR performance. In this paper, we introduce the datasets, rules, evaluation method as well as baselines.      
### 29.Power System Event Identification based on Deep Neural Network with Information Loading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06718.pdf)
>  Online power system event identification and classification is crucial to enhancing the reliability of transmission systems. In this paper, we develop a deep neural network (DNN) based approach to identify and classify power system events by leveraging real-world measurements from hundreds of phasor measurement units (PMUs) and labels from thousands of events. Two innovative designs are embedded into the baseline model built on convolutional neural networks (CNNs) to improve the event classification accuracy. First, we propose a graph signal processing based PMU sorting algorithm to improve the learning efficiency of CNNs. Second, we deploy information loading based regularization to strike the right balance between memorization and generalization for the DNN. Numerical studies results based on real-world dataset from the Eastern Interconnection of the U.S power transmission grid show that the combination of PMU based sorting and the information loading based regularization techniques help the proposed DNN approach achieve highly accurate event identification and classification results.      
### 30.Attitude and Thrust Strategies for Fully-Actuated Multirotors: The Fast-Track to Real-World Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06666.pdf)
>  The introduction of fully-actuated multirotors has opened the door to new possibilities and more efficient solutions to many real-world applications. However, their integration had been slower than expected, partly due to the need for new tools to take full advantage of these robots. <br>As far as we know, all the groups currently working on the fully-actuated multirotors develop new full-pose (6-D) tools and methods to use their robots, which is inefficient, time-consuming, and requires many resources. <br>We propose methods that extend the existing flight controllers to support the new fully-actuated robots and bridge the gap between the tools already available for underactuated robots and the new fully-actuated vehicles. We introduce attitude strategies that work with the underactuated planners, controllers, tools, and remote control interfaces, all while allowing taking advantage of the full actuation. Moreover, new methods are proposed that can properly handle the limited lateral thrust suffered by many fully-actuated UAV designs. The strategies are lightweight, simple, and allow rapid integration of the available tools with these new vehicles for the fast development of new real-world applications. <br>The real experiments on our robots and simulations on several UAV architectures show how the strategies can be utilized. The source code of the PX4 firmware enhanced with the proposed methods and its simulator with our fully-actuated hexarotor model are provided with this paper. For more information, please visit <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://theairlab.org/fully-actuated/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 31.Fast Convergence Algorithm for Analog Federated Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.06658.pdf)
>  In this paper, we consider federated learning (FL) over a noisy fading multiple access channel (MAC), where an edge server aggregates the local models transmitted by multiple end devices through over-the-air computation (AirComp). To realize efficient analog federated learning over wireless channels, we propose an AirComp-based FedSplit algorithm, where a threshold-based device selection scheme is adopted to achieve reliable local model uploading. In particular, we analyze the performance of the proposed algorithm and prove that the proposed algorithm linearly converges to the optimal solutions under the assumption that the objective function is strongly convex and smooth. We also characterize the robustness of proposed algorithm to the ill-conditioned problems, thereby achieving fast convergence rates and reducing communication rounds. A finite error bound is further provided to reveal the relationship between the convergence behavior and the channel fading and noise. Our algorithm is theoretically and experimentally verified to be much more robust to the ill-conditioned problems with faster convergence compared with other benchmark FL algorithms.      
