# ArXiv eess --Mon, 14 Jun 2021
### 1.Certifying the LTL Formula p Until q in Hybrid Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06455.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose sufficient conditions to guarantee that a linear temporal logic (LTL) formula of the form p Until q, denoted by $p \mathcal{U} q$, is satisfied for a hybrid system. Roughly speaking, the formula $p \mathcal{U} q$ is satisfied means that the solutions, initially satisfying proposition p, keep satisfying this proposition until proposition q is satisfied. To certify such a formula, connections to invariance notions such as conditional invariance (CI) and eventual conditional invariance (ECI), as well as finite-time attractivity (FTA) are established. As a result, sufficient conditions involving the data of the hybrid system and an appropriate choice of Lyapunov-like functions, such as barrier functions, are derived. The considered hybrid system is given in terms of differential and difference inclusions, which capture the continuous and the discrete dynamics present in the same system, respectively. Examples illustrate the results throughout the paper.      
### 2.Towards End-to-End Synthetic Speech Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06341.pdf)
>  The constant Q transform (CQT) has been shown to be one of the most effective speech signal pre-transforms to facilitate synthetic speech detection, followed by either hand-crafted (subband) constant Q cepstral coefficient (CQCC) feature extraction and a back-end binary classifier, or a deep neural network (DNN) directly for further feature extraction and classification. Despite the rich literature on such a pipeline, we show in this paper that the pre-transform and hand-crafted features could simply be replaced by end-to-end DNNs. Specifically, we experimentally verify that by only using standard components, a light-weight neural network could outperform the state-of-the-art methods for the ASVspoof2019 challenge. The proposed model is termed Time-domain Synthetic Speech Detection Net (TSSDNet), having ResNet- or Inception-style structures. We further demonstrate that the proposed models also have attractive generalization capability. Trained on ASVspoof2019, they could achieve promising detection performance when tested on disjoint ASVspoof2015, significantly better than the existing cross-dataset results. This paper reveals the great potential of end-to-end DNNs for synthetic speech detection, without hand-crafted features.      
### 3.Safety of Dynamical Systems with Multiple Non-Convex Unsafe Sets Using Control Barrier Functions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06330.pdf)
>  This paper presents an approach to deal with safety of dynamical systems in presence of multiple non-convex unsafe sets. While optimal control and model predictive control strategies can be employed in these scenarios, they suffer from high computational complexity in case of general nonlinear systems. Leveraging control barrier functions, on the other hand, results in computationally efficient control algorithms. Nevertheless, when safety guarantees have to be enforced alongside stability objectives, undesired asymptotically stable equilibrium points have been shown to arise. We propose a computationally efficient optimization-based approach which allows us to ensure safety of dynamical systems without introducing undesired equilibria even in presence of multiple non-convex unsafe sets. The developed control algorithm is showcased in simulation and in a real robot navigation application.      
### 4.Deep Hashing with Hash Center Update for Efficient Image Retrieval  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06269.pdf)
>  In this paper, we propose an approach for learning binary hash codes for image retrieval. Canonical Correlation Analysis (CCA) is used to design two loss functions for training a neural network such that the correlation between the two views to CCA is maximized. The first loss, maximizes the correlation between the hash centers and learned hash codes. The second loss maximizes the correlation between the class labels and classification scores. A novel weighted mean and thresholding based hash center update scheme is proposed for adapting the hash centers in each epoch. The training loss reaches the theoretical lower bound of the proposed loss functions, showing that the correlation coefficients are maximized during training and substantiating the formation of an efficient feature space for image retrieval. The measured mean average precision shows that the proposed approach outperforms other state-of-the-art approaches in both single-labeled and multi-labeled image datasets.      
### 5.An RF-source-free microwave photonic radar with an optically injected semiconductor laser for high-resolution detection and imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06256.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel microwave photonic (MWP) radar scheme that is capable of optically generating and processing broadband linear frequency-modulated (LFM) microwave signals without using any radio-frequency (RF) sources. In the transmitter, a broadband LFM microwave signal is generated by controlling the period-one (P1) oscillation of an optically injected semiconductor laser. After targets reflection, photonic de-chirping is implemented based on a dual-drive Mach-Zehnder modulator (DMZM), which is followed by a low-speed analog-to-digital converter (ADC) and digital signal processer (DSP) to reconstruct target information. Without the limitations of external RF sources, the proposed radar has an ultra-flexible tunability, and the main operating parameters are adjustable, including central frequency, bandwidth, frequency band, and temporal period. In the experiment, a fully photonics-based Ku-band radar with a bandwidth of 4 GHz is established for high-resolution detection and inverse synthetic aperture radar (ISAR) imaging. Results show that a high range resolution reaching ~1.88 cm, and a two-dimensional (2D) imaging resolution as high as ~1.88 cm x ~2.00 cm are achieved with a sampling rate of 100 MSa/s in the receiver. The flexible tunability of the radar is also experimentally investigated. The proposed radar scheme features low cost, simple structure, and high reconfigurability, which, hopefully, is to be used in future multifunction adaptive and miniaturized radars.      
### 6.KRADA: Known-region-aware Domain Alignment for Open World Semantic Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06237.pdf)
>  In semantic segmentation, we aim to train a pixel-level classifier to assign category labels to all pixels in an image, where labeled training images and unlabeled test images are from the same distribution and share the same label set. However, in an open world, the unlabeled test images probably contain unknown categories and have different distributions from the labeled images. Hence, in this paper, we consider a new, more realistic, and more challenging problem setting where the pixel-level classifier has to be trained with labeled images and unlabeled open-world images -- we name it open world semantic segmentation (OSS). In OSS, the trained classifier is expected to identify unknown-class pixels and classify known-class pixels well. To solve OSS, we first investigate which distribution that unknown-class pixels obey. Then, motivated by the goodness-of-fit test, we use statistical measurements to show how a pixel fits the distribution of an unknown class and select highly-fitted pixels to form the unknown region in each image. Eventually, we propose an end-to-end learning framework, known-region-aware domain alignment (KRADA), to distinguish unknown classes while aligning distributions of known classes in labeled and unlabeled open-world images. The effectiveness of KRADA has been verified on two synthetic tasks and one COVID-19 segmentation task.      
### 7.Distributed Urban Freeway Traffic Optimization Considering Congestion Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06201.pdf)
>  Effective traffic optimization strategies can improve the performance of transportation networks significantly. Most exiting works develop traffic optimization strategies depending on the local traffic states of congested road segments, where the congestion propagation is neglected. This paper proposes a novel distributed traffic optimization method for urban freeways considering the potential congested road segments, which are called potential-homogeneous-area. The proposed approach is based on the intuition that the evolution of congestion may affect the neighbor segments due to the mobility of traffic flow. We identify potential-homogeneous-area by applying our proposed temporal-spatial lambda-connectedness method using historical traffic data. Further, global dynamic capacity constraint of this area is integrated with cell transmission model (CTM) in the traffic optimization problem. To reduce computational complexity and improve scalability, we propose a fully distributed algorithm to solve the problem, which is based on the partial augmented Lagrangian and dual-consensus alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM). By this means, distributed coordination of ramp metering and variable speed limit control is achieved. We prove that the proposed algorithm converges to the optimal solution so long as the traffic optimization objective is convex. The performance of the proposed method is evaluated by macroscopic simulation using real data of Shanghai, China.      
### 8.Dynamic Event-Triggered Consensus of Multi-agent Systems on Matrix-weighted Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06198.pdf)
>  This paper examines event-triggered consensus of multi-agent systems on matrix-weighted networks, where the interdependencies among higher-dimensional states of neighboring agents are characterized by matrix-weighted edges in the network. Specifically, a distributed dynamic event-triggered coordination strategy is proposed for this category of generalized networks, in which an auxiliary system is employed for each agent to dynamically adjust the trigger threshold, which plays an essential role in guaranteeing that the triggering time sequence does not exhibit Zeno behavior. Distributed event-triggered control protocols are proposed to guarantee leaderless and leader-follower consensus for multi-agent systems on matrix-weighted networks, respectively. It is shown that that the spectral properties of matrix-valued weights are crucial in event-triggered mechanism design for matrix-weighted networks. Finally, simulation examples are provided to demonstrate the theoretical results.      
### 9.Improving RNN-T ASR Performance with Date-Time and Location Awareness  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06183.pdf)
>  In this paper, we explore the benefits of incorporating context into a Recurrent Neural Network (RNN-T) based Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) model to improve the speech recognition for virtual assistants. Specifically, we use meta information extracted from the time at which the utterance is spoken and the approximate location information to make ASR context aware. We show that these contextual information, when used individually, improves overall performance by as much as 3.48% relative to the baseline and when the contexts are combined, the model learns complementary features and the recognition improves by 4.62%. On specific domains, these contextual signals show improvements as high as 11.5%, without any significant degradation on others. We ran experiments with models trained on data of sizes 30K hours and 10K hours. We show that the scale of improvement with the 10K hours dataset is much higher than the one obtained with 30K hours dataset. Our results indicate that with limited data to train the ASR model, contextual signals can improve the performance significantly.      
### 10.Gas Detection and Identification Using Multimodal Artificial Intelligence Based Sensor Fusion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06180.pdf)
>  With the rapid industrialization and technological advancements, innovative engineering technologies which are cost effective, faster and easier to implement are essential. One such area of concern is the rising number of accidents happening due to gas leaks at coal mines, chemical industries, home appliances etc. In this paper we propose a novel approach to detect and identify the gaseous emissions using the multimodal AI fusion techniques. Most of the gases and their fumes are colorless, odorless, and tasteless, thereby challenging our normal human senses. Sensing based on a single sensor may not be accurate, and sensor fusion is essential for robust and reliable detection in several real-world applications. We manually collected 6400 gas samples (1600 samples per class for four classes) using two specific sensors: the 7-semiconductor gas sensors array, and a thermal camera. The early fusion method of multimodal AI, is applied The network architecture consists of a feature extraction module for individual modality, which is then fused using a merged layer followed by a dense layer, which provides a single output for identifying the gas. We obtained the testing accuracy of 96% (for fused model) as opposed to individual model accuracies of 82% (based on Gas Sensor data using LSTM) and 93% (based on thermal images data using CNN model). Results demonstrate that the fusion of multiple sensors and modalities outperforms the outcome of a single sensor.      
### 11.Monotonic Neural Network: combining Deep Learning with Domain Knowledge for Chiller Plants Energy Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06143.pdf)
>  In this paper, we are interested in building a domain knowledge based deep learning framework to solve the chiller plants energy optimization problems. Compared to the hotspot applications of deep learning (e.g. image classification and NLP), it is difficult to collect enormous data for deep network training in real-world physical systems. Most existing methods reduce the complex systems into linear model to facilitate the training on small samples. To tackle the small sample size problem, this paper considers domain knowledge in the structure and loss design of deep network to build a nonlinear model with lower redundancy function space. Specifically, the energy consumption estimation of most chillers can be physically viewed as an input-output monotonic problem. Thus, we can design a Neural Network with monotonic constraints to mimic the physical behavior of the system. We verify the proposed method in a cooling system of a data center, experimental results show the superiority of our framework in energy optimization compared to the existing ones.      
### 12.Interior point search for nonparametric image segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06104.pdf)
>  Precise object boundary detection for automatic image segmentation is critical for image analysis, including that used in computer-aided diagnosis. However, such detection traditionally uses active contour or snake models requiring accurate initialization and parameter optimization. Identifying optimal parameter values requires time-consuming multiple runs and provides results that vary by user expertise, limiting the use of these models in high-throughput or real-time situations. Thus, we developed a nonparametric snake model using an interior point search method applied in iterations to find and improve the set of snake points forming the edge of a shape. At each iteration, one or more snake points are replaced by others in the edge map. We validated the model using binary and continuous edge images of single and multiple objects, and noisy and real images, comparing the results to those obtained using traditional snake models. The proposed model not only provides better results on all image types tested but is more robust than traditional snake models. Unlike traditional snake models, the proposed model requires no user interaction for initializing snakes and no pre-processing of noisy images. Thus, our method offers robust automatic image segmentation that is simpler to use and less time-consuming than traditional snake models      
### 13.Array Placement in Distributed Massive MIMO for power saving considering Radiation Pattern  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06040.pdf)
>  A distributed antenna system (DAS) consists of several interconnected access points (APs) which are distributed over an area. Each AP has an antenna array. In previous studies, the DAS has been demonstrated great potential to improve capacity and power efficiency compared to a centralized antenna system (CAS) which has all the antennas located in one place. The existing research also has shown that the placement of the APs is essential for the performance of the DAS. However, most research on AP placement does not take into account realistic constraints. For instance, they assume that APs can be placed at any location in a region or the array radiation pattern of each AP is isotropic. This paper focuses on optimizing the AP placement for the DAS with massive MIMO (D-mMIMO) in order to reduce the transmit power. A square topology for the AP placement is applied, which is reasonable for deploying the D-mMIMO in urban areas while also offering theoretically interesting insights. We investigate the impact of the radiation pattern, signal coherence, and region size on the D-mMIMO's performance. Our results suggest that i) among the three factors, the array radiation pattern of each AP is the most important one in determining the optimal AP placement for the D-mMIMO; ii) the performance of the D-mMIMO is highly impacted by the placement and array radiation pattern of each AP, the D-mMIMO with unoptimized placement may perform even worse than the CAS with massive MIMO (C-mMIMO); iii) with the consideration of patch antennas and the mutual coupling effect, the optimized D-mMIMO can potentially save more than 7 dB transmit power compared to the C-mMIMO. Furthermore, our analytical results also provide an intuition for determining an adequate AP placement for the D-mMIMO in practice.      
### 14.N-Best ASR Transformer: Enhancing SLU Performance using Multiple ASR Hypotheses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06519.pdf)
>  Spoken Language Understanding (SLU) systems parse speech into semantic structures like dialog acts and slots. This involves the use of an Automatic Speech Recognizer (ASR) to transcribe speech into multiple text alternatives (hypotheses). Transcription errors, common in ASRs, impact downstream SLU performance negatively. Approaches to mitigate such errors involve using richer information from the ASR, either in form of N-best hypotheses or word-lattices. We hypothesize that transformer models learn better with a simpler utterance representation using the concatenation of the N-best ASR alternatives, where each alternative is separated by a special delimiter [SEP]. In our work, we test our hypothesis by using concatenated N-best ASR alternatives as the input to transformer encoder models, namely BERT and XLM-RoBERTa, and achieve performance equivalent to the prior state-of-the-art model on DSTC2 dataset. We also show that our approach significantly outperforms the prior state-of-the-art when subjected to the low data regime. Additionally, this methodology is accessible to users of third-party ASR APIs which do not provide word-lattice information.      
### 15.A Benchmark of Dynamical Variational Autoencoders applied to Speech Spectrogram Modeling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06500.pdf)
>  The Variational Autoencoder (VAE) is a powerful deep generative model that is now extensively used to represent high-dimensional complex data via a low-dimensional latent space learned in an unsupervised manner. In the original VAE model, input data vectors are processed independently. In recent years, a series of papers have presented different extensions of the VAE to process sequential data, that not only model the latent space, but also model the temporal dependencies within a sequence of data vectors and corresponding latent vectors, relying on recurrent neural networks. We recently performed a comprehensive review of those models and unified them into a general class called Dynamical Variational Autoencoders (DVAEs). In the present paper, we present the results of an experimental benchmark comparing six of those DVAE models on the speech analysis-resynthesis task, as an illustration of the high potential of DVAEs for speech modeling.      
### 16.An adaptive cognitive sensor node for ECG monitoring in the Internet of Medical Things  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06498.pdf)
>  The Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) paradigm is becoming mainstream in multiple clinical trials and healthcare procedures. It relies on novel very accurate and compact sensing devices and communication infrastructures, opening previously unmatched possibilities of implementing data collection and continuous patient monitoring. Nevertheless, to fully exploit the potential of this technology, some steps forwards are needed. First, the edge-computing paradigm must be added to the picture. A certain level of near-sensor processing has to be enabled, to improve the scalability, portability, reliability, responsiveness of the IoMT nodes. Second, novel, increasingly accurate, data analysis algorithms, such as those based on artificial intelligence and Deep Learning, must be exploited. To reach these objectives, designers, programmers of IoMT nodes, have to face challenging optimization tasks, in order to execute fairly complex computing tasks on low-power wearable and portable processing systems, with tight power and battery lifetime budgets. In this work, we explore the implementation of cognitive data analysis algorithm on resource-constrained computing platforms. To minimize power consumption, we add an adaptivity layer that dynamically manages the hardware and software configuration of the device to adapt it at runtime to the required operating mode. We have assessed our approach on a use-case using a convolutional neural network to classify electrocardiogram (ECG) traces on a low-power microcontroller. Our experimental results show that adapting the node setup to the workload at runtime can save up to 50% power consumption and a quantized neural network reaches an accuracy value higher than 98% for arrhythmia disorders detection on MIT-BIH Arrhythmia dataset.      
### 17.Neural Network Modeling of Probabilities for Coding the Octree Representation of Point Clouds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06482.pdf)
>  This paper describes a novel lossless point cloud compression algorithm that uses a neural network for estimating the coding probabilities for the occupancy status of voxels, depending on wide three dimensional contexts around the voxel to be encoded. The point cloud is represented as an octree, with each resolution layer being sequentially encoded and decoded using arithmetic coding, starting from the lowest resolution, until the final resolution is reached. The occupancy probability of each voxel of the splitting pattern at each node of the octree is modeled by a neural network, having at its input the already encoded occupancy status of several octree nodes (belonging to the past and current resolutions), corresponding to a 3D context surrounding the node to be encoded. The algorithm has a fast and a slow version, the fast version selecting differently several voxels of the context, which allows an increased parallelization by sending larger batches of templates to be estimated by the neural network, at both encoder and decoder. The proposed algorithms yield state-of-the-art results on benchmark datasets. The implementation will be made available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/marmus12/nnctx" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>      
### 18.Analyzing the Travel and Charging Behavior of Electric Vehicles -- A Data-driven Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06475.pdf)
>  The increasing market penetration of electric vehicles (EVs) may pose significant electricity demand on power systems. This electricity demand is affected by the inherent uncertainties of EVs' travel behavior that makes forecasting the daily charging demand (CD) very challenging. In this project, we use the National House Hold Survey (NHTS) data to form sequences of trips, and develop machine learning models to predict the parameters of the next trip of the drivers, including trip start time, end time, and distance. These parameters are later used to model the temporal charging behavior of EVs. The simulation results show that the proposed modeling can effectively estimate the daily CD pattern based on travel behavior of EVs, and simple machine learning techniques can forecast the travel parameters with acceptable accuracy.      
### 19.Continuous Herded Gibbs Sampling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06430.pdf)
>  Herding is a technique to sequentially generate deterministic samples from a probability distribution. In this work, we propose a continuous herded Gibbs sampler, that combines kernel herding on continuous densities with Gibbs sampling. Our algorithm allows for deterministically sampling from high-dimensional multivariate probability densities, without directly sampling from the joint density. Experiments with Gaussian mixture densities indicate that the L2 error decreases similarly to kernel herding, while the computation time is significantly lower, i.e., linear in the number of dimensions.      
### 20.Designing predefined-time differentiators with bounded time-varying gains  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06429.pdf)
>  There is an increasing interest in designing differentiators, which converge exactly before a prespecified time regardless of the initial conditions, i.e., which are fixed-time convergent with a predefined Upper Bound of their Settling Time (UBST), due to their ability to solve estimation and control problems with time constraints. However, for the class of signals with a known bound of their $(n+1)$-th time derivative, the existing design methodologies are either only available for first-order differentiators, yielding a very conservative UBST, or result in gains that tend to infinity at the convergence time. Here, we introduce a new methodology based on time-varying gains to design arbitrary-order exact differentiators with a predefined UBST. This UBST is a priori set as one parameter of the algorithm. Our approach guarantees that the UBST can be set arbitrarily tight, and we also provide sufficient conditions to obtain exact convergence while maintaining bounded time-varying gains. Additionally, we provide necessary and sufficient conditions such that our approach yields error dynamics with a uniformly Lyapunov stable equilibrium. Our results show how time-varying gains offer a general and flexible methodology to design algorithms with a predefined UBST.      
### 21.Catch-A-Waveform: Learning to Generate Audio from a Single Short Example  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06426.pdf)
>  Models for audio generation are typically trained on hours of recordings. Here, we illustrate that capturing the essence of an audio source is typically possible from as little as a few tens of seconds from a single training signal. Specifically, we present a GAN-based generative model that can be trained on one short audio signal from any domain (e.g. speech, music, etc.) and does not require pre-training or any other form of external supervision. Once trained, our model can generate random samples of arbitrary duration that maintain semantic similarity to the training waveform, yet exhibit new compositions of its audio primitives. This enables a long line of interesting applications, including generating new jazz improvisations or new a-cappella rap variants based on a single short example, producing coherent modifications to famous songs (e.g. adding a new verse to a Beatles song based solely on the original recording), filling-in of missing parts (inpainting), extending the bandwidth of a speech signal (super-resolution), and enhancing old recordings without access to any clean training example. We show that in all cases, no more than 20 seconds of training audio commonly suffice for our model to achieve state-of-the-art results. This is despite its complete lack of prior knowledge about the nature of audio signals in general.      
### 22.PriorGrad: Improving Conditional Denoising Diffusion Models with Data-Driven Adaptive Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06406.pdf)
>  Denoising diffusion probabilistic models have been recently proposed to generate high-quality samples by estimating the gradient of the data density. The framework assumes the prior noise as a standard Gaussian distribution, whereas the corresponding data distribution may be more complicated than the standard Gaussian distribution, which potentially introduces inefficiency in denoising the prior noise into the data sample because of the discrepancy between the data and the prior. In this paper, we propose PriorGrad to improve the efficiency of the conditional diffusion model (for example, a vocoder using a mel-spectrogram as the condition) by applying an adaptive prior derived from the data statistics based on the conditional information. We formulate the training and sampling procedures of PriorGrad and demonstrate the advantages of an adaptive prior through a theoretical analysis. Focusing on the audio domain, we consider the recently proposed diffusion-based audio generative models based on both the spectral and time domains and show that PriorGrad achieves a faster convergence leading to data and parameter efficiency and improved quality, and thereby demonstrating the efficiency of a data-driven adaptive prior.      
### 23.Visualizing Classifier Adjacency Relations: A Case Study in Speaker Verification and Voice Anti-Spoofing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06362.pdf)
>  Whether it be for results summarization, or the analysis of classifier fusion, some means to compare different classifiers can often provide illuminating insight into their behaviour, (dis)similarity or complementarity. We propose a simple method to derive 2D representation from detection scores produced by an arbitrary set of binary classifiers in response to a common dataset. Based upon rank correlations, our method facilitates a visual comparison of classifiers with arbitrary scores and with close relation to receiver operating characteristic (ROC) and detection error trade-off (DET) analyses. While the approach is fully versatile and can be applied to any detection task, we demonstrate the method using scores produced by automatic speaker verification and voice anti-spoofing systems. The former are produced by a Gaussian mixture model system trained with VoxCeleb data whereas the latter stem from submissions to the ASVspoof 2019 challenge.      
### 24.HUI-Audio-Corpus-German: A high quality TTS dataset  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06309.pdf)
>  The increasing availability of audio data on the internet lead to a multitude of datasets for development and training of text to speech applications, based on neural networks. Highly differing quality of voice, low sampling rates, lack of text normalization and disadvantageous alignment of audio samples to corresponding transcript sentences still limit the performance of deep neural networks trained on this task. Additionally, data resources in languages like German are still very limited. We introduce the "HUI-Audio-Corpus-German", a large, open-source dataset for TTS engines, created with a processing pipeline, which produces high quality audio to transcription alignments and decreases manual effort needed for creation.      
### 25.Spoken Style Learning with Multi-modal Hierarchical Context Encoding for Conversational Text-to-Speech Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06233.pdf)
>  For conversational text-to-speech (TTS) systems, it is vital that the systems can adjust the spoken styles of synthesized speech according to different content and spoken styles in historical conversations. However, the study about learning spoken styles from historical conversations is still in its infancy. Only the transcripts of the historical conversations are considered, which neglects the spoken styles in historical speeches. Moreover, only the interactions of the global aspect between speakers are modeled, missing the party aspect self interactions inside each speaker. In this paper, to achieve better spoken style learning for conversational TTS, we propose a spoken style learning approach with multi-modal hierarchical context encoding. The textual information and spoken styles in the historical conversations are processed through multiple hierarchical recurrent neural networks to learn the spoken style related features in global and party aspects. The attention mechanism is further employed to summarize these features into a conversational context encoding. Experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach, which outperform a baseline method using context encoding learnt only from the transcripts in global aspects, with MOS score on the naturalness of synthesized speech increasing from 3.138 to 3.408 and ABX preference rate exceeding the baseline method by 36.45%.      
### 26.Holographic Maxwellian near-eye display with adjustable and continuous eye-box replication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06226.pdf)
>  The Maxwellian display presents always-focused images to the viewer, alleviating the vergence-accommodation conflict (VAC) in near-eye displays (NEDs). However, the limited eyebox of the typical Maxwellian display prevents it from wider applications. We propose a holographic Maxwellian near-eye display with adjustable and continuous eye-box replication. Holographic display provides a way to match the human pupil size with the interval of the replicated eyeboxes, making it possible to eliminate or alleviate double image or blind area problem, which exists long in eyebox expansion for Maxwellian display. Besides, seamless image conversion between viewing points has been achieved through hologram pre-processing. Optical experiment confirms that the interval between replicated eyeboxes is dynamically adjustable, ranging from 2mm to 6mm. The proposed display can present always-focused images and seamless conversion among viewpoints with 5.32$^\circ$ horizontal field of view, and 9mmH * 3mmV eyebox.      
### 27.On the efficiency of decentralized epidemic management and application to Covid-19  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06220.pdf)
>  In this paper, we introduce a game that allows one to assess the potential loss of efficiency induced by a decentralized control or local management of a global epidemic. Each player typically represents a region or a country which is assumed to choose its control action to implement a tradeoff between socioeconomic aspects and the health aspect. We conduct the Nash equilibrium analysis of this game. Since the analysis is not trivial in general, sufficient conditions for existence and uniqueness are provided. Then we quantify through numerical results the loss induced by decentralization, measured in terms of price of anarchy (PoA) and price of connectedness (PoC). These results allow one to clearly identify scenarios where decentralization is acceptable or not regarding to the retained global efficiency measures.      
### 28.Non-orthogonal Multiple Access for Multi-cell Indoor VLC  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06187.pdf)
>  In this letter, we propose a non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) based scheme for multi-cell indoor visible light communications (VLC), where cell-edge user is jointly served by multiple cells. Unlike the typical designs in the existing literature, the proposed scheme doesn't involve complex domain and direct current bias addition, which makes the design simple and feasible for real time implementation in indoor VLC. The symbol error rate (SER) of the proposed NOMA scheme is analysed using analytical and simulation results, and is compared with orthogonal multiple access (OMA). It is observed that the average SER of the users with the proposed NOMA is marginally degraded as compared to OMA. However, the SER of cell-edge user with the proposed NOMA is significantly improved with joint maximum likelihood decoding, and outperforms successive interference cancellation based decoding and OMA, with trade-off on computational complexity.      
### 29.AI Empowered Resource Management for Future Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06178.pdf)
>  Resource management plays a pivotal role in wireless networks, which, unfortunately, leads to challenging NP-hard problems. Artificial Intelligence (AI), especially deep learning techniques, has recently emerged as a disruptive technology to solve such challenging problems in a real-time manner. However, although promising results have been reported, practical design guidelines and performance guarantees of AI-based approaches are still missing. In this paper, we endeavor to address two fundamental questions: 1) What are the main advantages of AI-based methods compared with classical techniques; and 2) Which neural network should we choose for a given resource management task. For the first question, four advantages are identified and discussed. For the second question, \emph{optimality gap}, i.e., the gap to the optimal performance, is proposed as a measure for selecting model architectures, as well as, for enabling a theoretical comparison between different AI-based approaches. Specifically, for $K$-user interference management problem, we theoretically show that graph neural networks (GNNs) are superior to multi-layer perceptrons (MLPs), and the performance gap between these two methods grows with $\sqrt{K}$.      
### 30.Spoken Term Detection Methods for Sparse Transcription in Very Low-resource Settings  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06160.pdf)
>  We investigate the efficiency of two very different spoken term detection approaches for transcription when the available data is insufficient to train a robust ASR system. This work is grounded in very low-resource language documentation scenario where only few minutes of recording have been transcribed for a given language so far.Experiments on two oral languages show that a pretrained universal phone recognizer, fine-tuned with only a few minutes of target language speech, can be used for spoken term detection with a better overall performance than a dynamic time warping approach. In addition, we show that representing phoneme recognition ambiguity in a graph structure can further boost the recall while maintaining high precision in the low resource spoken term detection task.      
### 31.Anomalous Sound Detection Using a Binary Classification Model and Class Centroids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06151.pdf)
>  An anomalous sound detection system to detect unknown anomalous sounds usually needs to be built using only normal sound data. Moreover, it is desirable to improve the system by effectively using a small amount of anomalous sound data, which will be accumulated through the system's operation. As one of the methods to meet these requirements, we focus on a binary classification model that is developed by using not only normal data but also outlier data in the other domains as pseudo-anomalous sound data, which can be easily updated by using anomalous data. In this paper, we implement a new loss function based on metric learning to learn the distance relationship from each class centroid in feature space for the binary classification model. The proposed multi-task learning of the binary classification and the metric learning makes it possible to build the feature space where the within-class variance is minimized and the between-class variance is maximized while keeping normal and anomalous classes linearly separable. We also investigate the effectiveness of additionally using anomalous sound data for further improving the binary classification model. Our results showed that multi-task learning using binary classification and metric learning to consider the distance from each class centroid in the feature space is effective, and performance can be significantly improved by using even a small amount of anomalous data during training.      
### 32.Cell-Free Symbiotic Radio: Channel Estimation Method and Achievable Rate Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06148.pdf)
>  Cell-free massive MIMO and symbiotic radio are promising beyond 5G (B5G) networking architecture and transmission technology, respectively. This paper studies cell-free symbiotic radio systems, where a number of distributed access points (APs) cooperatively send primary information to a receiver, and simultaneously support the backscattering communication of the secondary backscatter device (BD). An efficient two-phase uplink-training based channel estimation method is proposed to estimate the direct-link channel and cascaded backscatter channel, and the achievable primary and secondary communication rates taking into account the channel estimation errors are derived. Furthermore, to achieve a flexible trade-off between the primary and secondary communication rates, we propose a low-complexity weighted-maximal-ratio transmission (weighted-MRT) beamforming scheme, which only requires local processing at each AP without having to exchange the estimated channel state information. Simulation results are provided to show the impact of the channel training lengths on the performance of the cell-free symbiotic radio systems.      
### 33.NAAQA: A Neural Architecture for Acoustic Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06147.pdf)
>  The goal of the Acoustic Question Answering (AQA) task is to answer a free-form text question about the content of an acoustic scene. It was inspired by the Visual Question Answering (VQA) task. In this paper, based on the previously introduced CLEAR dataset, we propose a new benchmark for AQA that emphasizes the specific challenges of acoustic inputs, e.g. variable duration scenes. We also introduce NAAQA, a neural architecture that leverages specific properties of acoustic inputs. The usage of time and frequency 1D convolutions to process 2D spectro-temporal representations of acoustic content shows promising results and enables reductions in model complexity. NAAQA achieves 91.6% of accuracy on the AQA task with about 7 times fewer parameters than the previously explored VQA model. We provide a detailed analysis of the results for the different question types. The effectiveness of coordinate maps in this acoustic context was also studied and we show that time coordinate maps augment temporal localization capabilities which enhance performance of the network by about 17 percentage points.      
### 34.Exploiting Large-scale Teacher-Student Training for On-device Acoustic Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06126.pdf)
>  We present results from Alexa speech teams on semi-supervised learning (SSL) of acoustic models (AM) with experiments spanning over 3000 hours of GPU time, making our study one of the largest of its kind. We discuss SSL for AMs in a small footprint setting, showing that a smaller capacity model trained with 1 million hours of unsupervised data can outperform a baseline supervised system by 14.3% word error rate reduction (WERR). When increasing the supervised data to seven-fold, our gains diminish to 7.1% WERR; to improve SSL efficiency at larger supervised data regimes, we employ a step-wise distillation into a smaller model, obtaining a WERR of 14.4%. We then switch to SSL using larger student models in low data regimes; while learning efficiency with unsupervised data is higher, student models may outperform teacher models in such a setting. We develop a theoretical sketch to explain this behavior.      
### 35.Conditional Variational Autoencoder with Adversarial Learning for End-to-End Text-to-Speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06103.pdf)
>  Several recent end-to-end text-to-speech (TTS) models enabling single-stage training and parallel sampling have been proposed, but their sample quality does not match that of two-stage TTS systems. In this work, we present a parallel end-to-end TTS method that generates more natural sounding audio than current two-stage models. Our method adopts variational inference augmented with normalizing flows and an adversarial training process, which improves the expressive power of generative modeling. We also propose a stochastic duration predictor to synthesize speech with diverse rhythms from input text. With the uncertainty modeling over latent variables and the stochastic duration predictor, our method expresses the natural one-to-many relationship in which a text input can be spoken in multiple ways with different pitches and rhythms. A subjective human evaluation (mean opinion score, or MOS) on the LJ Speech, a single speaker dataset, shows that our method outperforms the best publicly available TTS systems and achieves a MOS comparable to ground truth.      
### 36.Meta-Adaptive Nonlinear Control: Theory and Algorithms  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06098.pdf)
>  We present an online multi-task learning approach for adaptive nonlinear control, which we call Online Meta-Adaptive Control (OMAC). The goal is to control a nonlinear system subject to adversarial disturbance and unknown $\textit{environment-dependent}$ nonlinear dynamics, under the assumption that the environment-dependent dynamics can be well captured with some shared representation. Our approach is motivated by robot control, where a robotic system encounters a sequence of new environmental conditions that it must quickly adapt to. A key emphasis is to integrate online representation learning with established methods from control theory, in order to arrive at a unified framework that yields both control-theoretic and learning-theoretic guarantees. We provide instantiations of our approach under varying conditions, leading to the first non-asymptotic end-to-end convergence guarantee for multi-task adaptive nonlinear control. OMAC can also be integrated with deep representation learning. Experiments show that OMAC significantly outperforms conventional adaptive control approaches which do not learn the shared representation.      
### 37.A self-adapting super-resolution structures framework for automatic design of GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.06011.pdf)
>  With the development of deep learning, the single super-resolution image reconstruction network models are becoming more and more complex. Small changes in hyperparameters of the models have a greater impact on model performance. In the existing works, experts have gradually explored a set of optimal model parameters based on empirical values or performing brute-force search. In this paper, we introduce a new super-resolution image reconstruction generative adversarial network framework, and a Bayesian optimization method used to optimizing the hyperparameters of the generator and discriminator. The generator is made by self-calibrated convolution, and discriminator is made by convolution lays. We have defined the hyperparameters such as the number of network layers and the number of neurons. Our method adopts Bayesian optimization as a optimization policy of GAN in our model. Not only can find the optimal hyperparameter solution automatically, but also can construct a super-resolution image reconstruction network, reducing the manual workload. Experiments show that Bayesian optimization can search the optimal solution earlier than the other two optimization algorithms.      
### 38.Electricity and Reserve Pricing in Chance-Constrained Electricity Markets with Asymmetric Balancing Reserve Policies  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.05999.pdf)
>  Recently, chance-constrained stochastic electricity market designs have been proposed to address the shortcomings of scenario-based stochastic market designs. In particular, the use of chance-constrained market-clearing avoids trading off in-expectation and per-scenario characteristics and yields unique energy and reserves prices. However, current formulations rely on symmetric control policies based on the aggregated system imbalance, which restricts balancing reserve providers in their energy and reserve commitments. This paper extends existing chance-constrained market-clearing formulations by leveraging node-to-node and asymmetric balancing reserve policies and deriving the resulting energy and reserve prices. The proposed node-to-node policy allows for relating the remuneration of balancing reserve providers and payment of uncertain resources using a marginal cost-based approach. Further, we introduce asymmetric balancing reserve policies into the chance-constrained electricity market design and show how this additional degree of freedom affects market outcomes.      
