# ArXiv eess --Mon, 7 Jun 2021
### 1.SOUP-GAN: Super-Resolution MRI Using Generative Adversarial Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02599.pdf)
>  There is a growing demand for high-resolution (HR) medical images in both the clinical and research applications. Image quality is inevitably traded off with the acquisition time for better patient comfort, lower examination costs, dose, and fewer motion-induced artifacts. For many image-based tasks, increasing the apparent resolution in the perpendicular plane to produce multi-planar reformats or 3D images is commonly used. Single image super-resolution (SR) is a promising technique to provide HR images based on unsupervised learning to increase resolution of a 2D image, but there are few reports on 3D SR. Further, perceptual loss is proposed in the literature to better capture the textual details and edges than using pixel-wise loss functions, by comparing the semantic distances in the high-dimensional feature space of a pre-trained 2D network (e.g., VGG). However, it is not clear how one should generalize it to 3D medical images, and the attendant implications are still unclear. In this paper, we propose a framework called SOUP-GAN: Super-resolution Optimized Using Perceptual-tuned Generative Adversarial Network (GAN), in order to produce thinner slice (e.g., high resolution in the 'Z' plane) medical images with anti-aliasing and deblurring. The proposed method outperforms other conventional resolution-enhancement methods and previous SR work on medical images upon both qualitative and quantitative comparisons. Specifically, we examine the model in terms of its generalization for various SR ratios and imaging modalities. By addressing those limitations, our model shows promise as a novel 3D SR interpolation technique, providing potential applications in both clinical and research settings.      
### 2.Joint Scheduling and Throughput Maximization in Self-backhauled Millimeter Wave Cellular Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02570.pdf)
>  Integrated access and backhaul (IAB) networks have the potential to provide high data rate in both access and backhaul networks by sharing the same spectrum. Due to the dense deployment of small base stations (SBSs), IAB networks connect SBSs to the core network in a wireless manner without the deployment of high-cost optical fiber. As large spectrum is available in mmWave bands and high data rate is achieved by using directional beamforming, the access and backhaul links can be integrated in the same frequency band while satisfying quality-of-service constraints. In this work, we optimize the scheduling of access and backhaul links such that the minimum throughput of the access links is maximized based on the revised simplex method. By considering a probability based line-ofsight (LOS) and non-line-of-sight (NLOS) path loss model and the antenna array gains, we compare the achievable minimum access throughput of the IAB network with the network with only macro base stations, and study the effect of the network topology and antenna parameters on the achievable minimum throughput. Simulation results show that, for a broad range of parameter settings, the implementation of IABs improves the access minimum achievable throughput.      
### 3.A Bayesian Risk Approach to MDPs with Parameter Uncertainty  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02558.pdf)
>  We consider Markov Decision Processes (MDPs) where distributional parameters, such as transition probabilities, are unknown and estimated from data. The popular distributionally robust approach to addressing the parameter uncertainty can sometimes be overly conservative. In this paper, we propose a Bayesian risk approach to MDPs with parameter uncertainty, where a risk functional is applied in nested form to the expected discounted total cost with respect to the Bayesian posterior distributions of the unknown parameters in each time stage. The proposed approach provides more flexibility of risk attitudes towards parameter uncertainty and takes into account the availability of data in future time stages. For the finite-horizon MDPs, we show the dynamic programming equations can be solved efficiently with an upper confidence bound (UCB) based adaptive sampling algorithm. For the infinite-horizon MDPs, we propose a risk-adjusted Bellman operator and show the proposed operator is a contraction mapping that leads to the optimal value function to the Bayesian risk formulation. We demonstrate the empirical performance of our proposed algorithms in the finite-horizon case on an inventory control problem and a path planning problem.      
### 4.A Robust and Accurate Deep Learning based Pattern Recognition Framework for Upper Limb Prosthesis using sEMG  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02463.pdf)
>  In EMG based pattern recognition (EMG-PR), deep learning-based techniques have become more prominent for their self-regulating capability to extract discriminant features from large data-sets. Moreover, the performance of traditional machine learning-based methods show limitation to categorize over a certain number of classes and degrades over a period of time. In this paper, an accurate, robust, and fast convolutional neural network-based framework for EMG pattern identification is presented. To assess the performance of the proposed system, five publicly available and benchmark data-sets of upper limb activities were used. This data-set contains 49 to 52 upper limb motions (NinaPro DB1, NinaPro DB2, and NinaPro DB3), Data with force variation, and data with arm position variation for intact and amputated subjects. The classification accuracies of 91.11% (53 classes), 89.45% (49 classes), 81.67% (49 classes of amputees), 95.67% (6 classes with force variation), and 99.11% (8 classes with arm position variation) have been observed during the testing and validation. The performance of the proposed system is compared with the state of art techniques in the literature. The findings demonstrate that classification accuracy and time complexity have improved significantly. Keras, TensorFlow's high-level API for constructing deep learning models, was used for signal pre-processing and deep-learning-based algorithms. The suggested method was run on an Intel 3.5GHz Core i7, 7th Gen CPU with 8GB DDR4 RAM.      
### 5.Teaching keyword spotters to spot new keywords with limited examples  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02443.pdf)
>  Learning to recognize new keywords with just a few examples is essential for personalizing keyword spotting (KWS) models to a user's choice of keywords. However, modern KWS models are typically trained on large datasets and restricted to a small vocabulary of keywords, limiting their transferability to a broad range of unseen keywords. Towards easily customizable KWS models, we present KeySEM (Keyword Speech EMbedding), a speech embedding model pre-trained on the task of recognizing a large number of keywords. Speech representations offered by KeySEM are highly effective for learning new keywords from a limited number of examples. Comparisons with a diverse range of related work across several datasets show that our method achieves consistently superior performance with fewer training examples. Although KeySEM was pre-trained only on English utterances, the performance gains also extend to datasets from four other languages indicating that KeySEM learns useful representations well aligned with the task of keyword spotting. Finally, we demonstrate KeySEM's ability to learn new keywords sequentially without requiring to re-train on previously learned keywords. Our experimental observations suggest that KeySEM is well suited to on-device environments where post-deployment learning and ease of customization are often desirable.      
### 6.Distortion measure of spectrograms for classification of respiratory diseases  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02429.pdf)
>  A new method for the classification of respiratory diseases is presented. The method is based on a novel class of features, extracted from pulmonary sounds, by parameterizing their spectrograms that are represented as surfaces, and by utilizing geometrical distortions defined with reference to these surfaces. This method yields a set of highly descriptive features for the analysis of pulmonary sound recordings. Furthermore, by combining these features with Mel-frequency cepstral coefficients, we introduce a powerful model for the automatic diagnosis of common respiratory pathologies. Compared with baseline methods, our model achieves superior results for binary and multi-class classifications of common respiratory diseases. Our new approach to the classification of one-dimensional signals is applicable to other signals in the context of their representations in combined spaces or manifolds.      
### 7.Classification of Audio Segments in Call Center Recordings using Convolutional Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02422.pdf)
>  Detailed statistical analysis of call center recordings is critical in the customer relationship management point of view. With the recent advances in artificial intelligence, many tasks regarding the calculation of call statistics are now performed automatically. This work proposes a neural network framework where the aim is to correctly identify audio segments and classify them as either customer or agent sections. Accurately identifying these sections gives a fair metric for evaluating agents' performances. We inherited the convolutional recurrent neural network (CRNN) architecture commonly used for such problems as music genre classification. We also tested the same architecture's performance, where the previous class information and the gender information of speakers are also added to the training data labels. We saw that CRNN could generalize the training data and perform well on validation data for this problem with and without the gender information. Moreover, even the training was performed using Turkish speech samples; the trained network was proven to achieve high accuracy for call center recordings in other languages like German and English.      
### 8.Approximate Fixed-Points in Recurrent Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02417.pdf)
>  Recurrent neural networks are widely used in speech and language processing. Due to dependency on the past, standard algorithms for training these models, such as back-propagation through time (BPTT), cannot be efficiently parallelised. Furthermore, applying these models to more complex structures than sequences requires inference time approximations, which introduce inconsistency between inference and training. This paper shows that recurrent neural networks can be reformulated as fixed-points of non-linear equation systems. These fixed-points can be computed using an iterative algorithm exactly and in as many iterations as the length of any given sequence. Each iteration of this algorithm adds one additional Markovian-like order of dependencies such that upon termination all dependencies modelled by the recurrent neural networks have been incorporated. Although exact fixed-points inherit the same parallelization and inconsistency issues, this paper shows that approximate fixed-points can be computed in parallel and used consistently in training and inference including tasks such as lattice rescoring. Experimental validation is performed in two tasks, Penn Tree Bank and WikiText-2, and shows that approximate fixed-points yield competitive prediction performance to recurrent neural networks trained using the BPTT algorithm.      
### 9.A guidance and maneuvering control system design with anti-collision using stream functions with vortex flows for autonomous marine vessels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02405.pdf)
>  Autonomous marine vessels are expected to avoid inter-vessel collisions and comply with the international regulations for safe voyages. This paper presents a stepwise path planning method using stream functions. The dynamic flow of fluids is used as a guidance model, where the collision avoidance in static environments is achieved by applying the circular theorem in the sink flow. We extend this method to dynamic environments by adding vortex flows in the flow field. The stream function is recursively updated to enable on the fly waypoint decisions. The vessel avoids collisions and also complies with several rules of the Convention on the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea. The method is conceptually and computationally simple and convenient to tune, and yet versatile to handle complex and dense marine traffic with multiple dynamic obstacles. The ship dynamics are taken into account, by using Bezier curves to generate a sufficiently smooth path with feasible curvature. Numerical simulations are conducted to verify the proposed method.      
### 10.A Learning-based Optimal Market Bidding Strategy for Price-Maker Energy Storage  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02396.pdf)
>  Load serving entities with storage units reach sizes and performances that can significantly impact clearing prices in electricity markets. Nevertheless, price endogeneity is rarely considered in storage bidding strategies and modeling the electricity market is a challenging task. Meanwhile, model-free reinforcement learning such as the Actor-Critic are becoming increasingly popular for designing energy system controllers. Yet implementation frequently requires lengthy, data-intense, and unsafe trial-and-error training. To fill these gaps, we implement an online Supervised Actor-Critic (SAC) algorithm, supervised with a model-based controller -- Model Predictive Control (MPC). The energy storage agent is trained with this algorithm to optimally bid while learning and adjusting to its impact on the market clearing prices. We compare the supervised Actor-Critic algorithm with the MPC algorithm as a supervisor, finding that the former reaps higher profits via learning. Our contribution, thus, is an online and safe SAC algorithm that outperforms the current model-based state-of-the-art.      
### 11.Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring versus office blood pressure measurement: Are there sex differences?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02392.pdf)
>  The accurate measurement of blood pressure (BP) is an important prerequisite for the reliable diagnosis and efficient management of hypertension and other medical conditions. Office Blood Pressure Measurement (OBP) is a technique performed in-office with the sphygmomanometer, while Ambulatory Blood Pressure Monitoring (ABPM) is a technique that measures blood pressure during 24h. The BP fluctuations also depend on other factors such as physical activity, temperature, mood, age, sex, any pathologies, a hormonal activity that may intrinsically influence the differences between OBP and ABPM. The aim of this study is to examine the possible influence of sex on the discrepancies between OBP and ABPM in 872 subjects with known or suspected hypertension. A significant correlation was observed between OBP and ABPM mean values calculated during the day, night and 24h (ABPMday, ABPMnight, ABPM24h) in both groups (p&lt;0.0001). The main finding of this study is that no difference between sexes was observed in the relation between OBP and mean ABMP values except between systolic OBP and systolic ABPM during the night. In addition, this study showed a moderate correlation between BPs obtained with the two approaches with a great dispersion around the regression line which suggests that the two approaches cannot be used interchangeably.      
### 12.EEG changes and motor deficits in Parkinson's disease patients: Correlation of motor scales and EEG power bands  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02387.pdf)
>  Over the years motor deficit in Parkinson's Disease (PD) patients was largely studied, however, no consistent pattern of relations between quantitative electroencephalography (qEEG) and motor scales emerged. There is a general lack of information on the relation between EEG changes and scales related to specific motor deficits. Therefore, the study aimed to investigate the relation between brain oscillatory activity alterations (EEG power bands) and most used PD-related motor deficit scales. A positive correlation was found between the freezing of the gait questionnaire (FOGQ) and delta spectral power band (rho=0.67; p=0.008), while a negative correlation with the same scale was observed in the alpha spectral power band (rho=-0.59, p=0.027). Additionally, motor scores measure by motor part of Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) correlated directly with theta (rho=0.55, p=0.040) and inversely with beta EEG power band (rho=-0.77, p=0.001). No significant correlation was found between spectral powers and Hoehn and Yahr (H&amp;Y), BERG (Berg K. et. al. 1995), Modified Parkinson Activity Scale (MPAS), Six-Minute Walk Test (6MWT) and Timed Up and Go Test (TUG). In conclusion, our study supports the earlier findings suggesting a link between EEG slowing and motor decline, providing more insight into the relation between EEG alteration and deficits in different motor domains. These findings indicate that EEG assessment may be a useful biomarker for objective monitoring of progression and neurophysiological effect of rehabilitation approaches in PD's.      
### 13.Controlling False Positive/Negative Rates for Deep-Learning-Based Prostate Cancer Detection on Multiparametric MR images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02385.pdf)
>  Prostate cancer (PCa) is one of the leading causes of death for men worldwide. Multi-parametric magnetic resonance (mpMR) imaging has emerged as a non-invasive diagnostic tool for detecting and localising prostate tumours by specialised radiologists. These radiological examinations, for example, for differentiating malignant lesions from benign prostatic hyperplasia in transition zones and for defining the boundaries of clinically significant cancer, remain challenging and highly skill-and-experience-dependent. We first investigate experimental results in developing object detection neural networks that are trained to predict the radiological assessment, using these high-variance labels. We further argue that such a computer-assisted diagnosis (CAD) system needs to have the ability to control the false-positive rate (FPR) or false-negative rate (FNR), in order to be usefully deployed in a clinical workflow, informing clinical decisions without further human intervention. This work proposes a novel PCa detection network that incorporates a lesion-level cost-sensitive loss and an additional slice-level loss based on a lesion-to-slice mapping function, to manage the lesion- and slice-level costs, respectively. Our experiments based on 290 clinical patients concludes that 1) The lesion-level FNR was effectively reduced from 0.19 to 0.10 and the lesion-level FPR was reduced from 1.03 to 0.66 by changing the lesion-level cost; 2) The slice-level FNR was reduced from 0.19 to 0.00 by taking into account the slice-level cost; (3) Both lesion-level and slice-level FNRs were reduced with lower FP/FPR by changing the lesion-level or slice-level costs, compared with post-training threshold adjustment using networks without the proposed cost-aware training.      
### 14.First demonstration of C + L band CDCROADM with simple node configuration using multiband switching devices  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02376.pdf)
>  While ultrahigh-baud-rate optical signals are effective for extending the transmission distance of large capacity signals, they also reduce the number of wavelengths that can be arranged in a band because of their wider bandwidth. This reduces the flexibility of optical path configuration in reconfigurable optical add/drop multiplexing (ROADM) networks. In colorless, directionless and contentionless (CDC)-ROADM in particular, the effect reduces the add/drop ratio at a node. Multiband ROADM systems are an effective countermeasure for overcoming this issue, but they make the node configuration more complicated and its operation more difficult. In this paper, we analyze the challenges of C + L band CDC-ROADM and show that optical switch devices that operate over multiple bands are effective in meeting them. For this purpose, we built a C + L band CDC-ROADM node based on C + L band wavelength selective switches (WSSs) and multicast switches (MCSs) and confirmed its effectiveness experimentally. In particular, to simplify the node configuration, we propose a reduction in the number of optical amplifiers used for node loss compensation and experimentally verify its feasibility.      
### 15.Coordination of operational planning and real-time optimization in microgrids  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02374.pdf)
>  Hierarchical microgrid control levels range from distributed device level controllers that run at a high frequency to centralized controllers optimizing market integration that run much less frequently. Centralized controllers are often subdivided into operational planning controllers that optimize decisions over a time horizon of one or several days, and real-time optimization controllers that deal with actions in the current market period. The coordination of these levels is of paramount importance. In this paper, we propose a value function-based approach as a way to propagate information from operational planning to real-time optimization. We apply this method to an environment where operational planning, using day-ahead forecasts, optimizes at a market period resolution the decisions to minimize the total energy cost and revenues, the peak consumption and injection-related costs, and plans for reserve requirements. While real-time optimization copes with the forecast errors and yields implementable actions based on real-time measurements. The approach is compared to a rule-based controller on three use cases, and its sensitivity to forecast error is assessed.      
### 16.ToyADMOS2: Another dataset of miniature-machine operating sounds for anomalous sound detection under domain shift conditions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02369.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a new large-scale dataset called "ToyADMOS2" for anomaly detection in machine operating sounds (ADMOS). As did for our previous ToyADMOS dataset, we collected a large number of operating sounds of miniature machines (toys) under normal and anomaly conditions by deliberately damaging them but extended with providing controlled depth of damages in anomaly samples. Since typical application scenarios of ADMOS often require robust performance under domain-shift conditions, the ToyADMOS2 dataset is designed for evaluating systems under such conditions. The released dataset consists of two sub-datasets for machine-condition inspection: fault diagnosis of machines with geometrically fixed tasks and fault diagnosis of machines with moving tasks. Domain shifts are represented by introducing several differences in operating conditions, such as the use of the same machine type but with different machine models and parts configurations, different operating speeds, microphone arrangements, etc. Each sub-dataset contains over 27 k samples of normal machine-operating sounds and over 8 k samples of anomalous sounds recorded with five to eight microphones. The dataset is freely available for download at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/nttcslab/ToyADMOS2-dataset" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> and <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4580270" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 17.COLD: Concurrent Loads Disaggregator for Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02352.pdf)
>  The modern artificial intelligence techniques show the outstanding performances in the field of Non-Intrusive Load Monitoring (NILM). However, the problem related to the identification of a large number of appliances working simultaneously is underestimated. One of the reasons is the absence of a specific data. In this research we propose the Synthesizer of Normalized Signatures (SNS) algorithm to simulate the aggregated consumption with up to 10 concurrent loads. The results show that the synthetic data provides the models with at least as a powerful identification accuracy as the real-world measurements. We have developed the neural architecture named Concurrent Loads Disaggregator (COLD) which is relatively simple and easy to understand in comparison to the previous approaches. Our model allows identifying from 1 to 10 appliances working simultaneously with mean F1-score 78.95%. The source code of the experiments performed is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/arx7ti/cold-nilm" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 18.A Residual Network based Deep Learning Model for Detection of COVID-19 from Cough Sounds  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02348.pdf)
>  The present work proposes a deep-learning-based approach for the classification of COVID-19 coughs from non-COVID-19 coughs and that can be used as a low-resource-based tool for early detection of the onset of such respiratory diseases. The proposed system uses the ResNet-50 architecture, a popularly known Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) for image recognition tasks, fed with the log-Mel spectrums of the audio data to discriminate between the two types of coughs. For the training and validation of the proposed deep learning model, this work utilizes the Track-1 dataset provided by the DiCOVA Challenge 2021 organizers. Additionally, to increase the number of COVID-positive samples and to enhance variability in the training data, it has also utilized a large open-source database of COVID-19 coughs collected by the EPFL CoughVid team. Our developed model has achieved an average validation AUC of 98.88%. Also, applying this model on the Blind Test Set released by the DiCOVA Challenge, the system has achieved a Test AUC of 75.91%, Test Specificity of 62.50%, and Test Sensitivity of 80.49%. Consequently, this submission has secured 16th position in the DiCOVA Challenge 2021 leader-board.      
### 19.Manifold-Aware Deep Clustering: Maximizing Angles between Embedding Vectors Based on Regular Simplex  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02331.pdf)
>  This paper presents a new deep clustering (DC) method called manifold-aware DC (M-DC) that can enhance hyperspace utilization more effectively than the original DC. The original DC has a limitation in that a pair of two speakers has to be embedded having an orthogonal relationship due to its use of the one-hot vector-based loss function, while our method derives a unique loss function aimed at maximizing the target angle in the hyperspace based on the nature of a regular simplex. Our proposed loss imposes a higher penalty than the original DC when the speaker is assigned incorrectly. The change from DC to M-DC can be easily achieved by rewriting just one term in the loss function of DC, without any other modifications to the network architecture or model parameters. As such, our method has high practicability because it does not affect the original inference part. The experimental results show that the proposed method improves the performances of the original DC and its expansion method.      
### 20.Intelligent Transportation Systems to Mitigate Road Traffic Congestion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02315.pdf)
>  Intelligent transport systems have efficiently and effectively proved themselves in settling up the problem of traffic congestion around the world. The multi-agent based transportation system is one of the most important intelligent transport systems, which represents an interaction among the neighbouring vehicles, drivers, roads, infrastructure and vehicles. In this paper, two traffic management models have been created to mitigate congestion and to ensure that emergency vehicles arrive as quickly as possible. A tool-chain SUMO-JADE is employed to create a microscopic simulation symbolizing the interactions of traffic. The simulation model has showed a significant reduction of at least 50% in the average time delay and thus a real improvement in the entire journey time.      
### 21.Low-bandwidth Modular Mathematical Modeling of DC Microgrid Systems for Control Development with Application to Shipboard Power Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02304.pdf)
>  In recent years, DC and AC microgrid (MG) systems have attracted a major attention due to various potential for integration of future technology into conventional systems and control. The integration of such technology requires appropriate tools for complex design, analysis and optimization. This paper presents a mathematical low-bandwidth modeling (LBM) approach that can be used for control development in DC and further be extended to AC MG systems. In this work, first a simplified mathematical model of a medium voltage DC (MVDC) shipboard MG system is presented, next, the overall system-level connection convention is presented to display the overall mathematical coupling of the individual sub-systems, then, a simplified example of the control development is presented, and last, the overall system under a test scenario is implemented in Simulink Real-time.      
### 22.Minimum Word Error Rate Training with Language Model Fusion for End-to-End Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02302.pdf)
>  Integrating external language models (LMs) into end-to-end (E2E) models remains a challenging task for domain-adaptive speech recognition. Recently, internal language model estimation (ILME)-based LM fusion has shown significant word error rate (WER) reduction from Shallow Fusion by subtracting a weighted internal LM score from an interpolation of E2E model and external LM scores during beam search. However, on different test sets, the optimal LM interpolation weights vary over a wide range and have to be tuned extensively on well-matched validation sets. In this work, we perform LM fusion in the minimum WER (MWER) training of an E2E model to obviate the need for LM weights tuning during inference. Besides MWER training with Shallow Fusion (MWER-SF), we propose a novel MWER training with ILME (MWER-ILME) where the ILME-based fusion is conducted to generate N-best hypotheses and their posteriors. Additional gradient is induced when internal LM is engaged in MWER-ILME loss computation. During inference, LM weights pre-determined in MWER training enable robust LM integrations on test sets from different domains. Experimented with 30K-hour trained transformer transducers, MWER-ILME achieves on average 8.8% and 5.8% relative WER reductions from MWER and MWER-SF training, respectively, on 6 different test sets      
### 23.Fre-GAN: Adversarial Frequency-consistent Audio Synthesis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02297.pdf)
>  Although recent works on neural vocoder have improved the quality of synthesized audio, there still exists a gap between generated and ground-truth audio in frequency space. This difference leads to spectral artifacts such as hissing noise or robotic sound, and thus degrades the sample quality. In this paper, we propose Fre-GAN which achieves frequency-consistent audio synthesis with highly improved generation quality. Specifically, we first present resolution-connected generator and resolution-wise discriminators, which help learn various scales of spectral distributions over multiple frequency bands. Additionally, to reproduce high-frequency components accurately, we leverage discrete wavelet transform in the discriminators. From our experiments, Fre-GAN achieves high-fidelity waveform generation with a gap of only 0.03 MOS compared to ground-truth audio while outperforming standard models in quality.      
### 24.A C-V2X Platform Using Transportation Data and Spectrum-Aware Sidelink Access  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02268.pdf)
>  Intelligent transportation systems and autonomous vehicles are expected to bring new experiences with enhanced efficiency and safety to road users in the near future. However, an efficient and robust vehicular communication system should act as a strong backbone to offer the needed infrastructure connectivity. Deep learning (DL)-based algorithms are widely adopted recently in various vehicular communication applications due to their achieved low latency and fast reconfiguration properties. Yet, collecting actual and sufficient transportation data to train DL-based vehicular communication models is costly and complex. This paper introduces a cellular vehicle-to-everything (C-V2X) verification platform based on an actual traffic simulator and spectrum-aware access. This integrated platform can generate realistic transportation and communication data, benefiting the development and adaptivity of DL-based solutions. Accordingly, vehicular spectrum recognition and management are further investigated to demonstrate the potentials of dynamic slidelink access. Numerical results show that our platform can effectively train and realize DL-based C-V2X algorithms. The developed slidelink communication can adopt different operating bands with remarkable spectrum detection performance, validating its practicality in real-world vehicular environments.      
### 25.State Estimation in Unobservable Power Systems via Graph Signal Processing Tools  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02254.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of estimating the states and detecting bad data in an unobservable power system. To this end, we propose novel graph signal processing (GSP) methods. The main assumption behind the proposed GSP approach is that the grid state vector, which includes the phases of the voltages in the system, is a smooth graph signal with respect to the system admittance matrix that represents the underlying graph. Thus, the first step in this paper is to validate the graph-smoothness assumption of the states, both empirically and theoretically. Then, we develop the regularized weighted least squares (WLS) state estimator, which does not require observability of the network. We propose a sensor (meter) placement strategy that aims to optimize the estimation performance of the proposed GSP-WLS estimator. In addition, we develop a joint bad-data and false data injected (FDI) attacks detector that integrates the GSP-WLS state estimator into the conventional J(theta)-test with an additional smoothness regularization. Numerical results on the IEEE 118-bus test-case system demonstrate that the new GSP methods outperform commonly-used estimation and detection approaches in electric networks and are robust to missing data.      
### 26.Sneak Attack against Mobile Robotic Networks under Formation Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02240.pdf)
>  The security of mobile robotic networks (MRNs) has been an active research topic in recent years. This paper demonstrates that the observable interaction process of MRNs under formation control will present increasingly severe threats. Specifically, we find that an external attack robot, who has only partial observation over MRNs while not knowing the system dynamics or access, can learn the interaction rules from observations and utilize them to replace a target robot, destroying the cooperation performance of MRNs. We call this novel attack as sneak, which endows the attacker with the intelligence of learning knowledge and is hard to be tackled by traditional defense techniques. The key insight is to separately reveal the internal interaction structure within robots and the external interaction mechanism with the environment, from the coupled state evolution influenced by the model-unknown rules and unobservable part of the MRN. To address this issue, we first provide general interaction process modeling and prove the learnability of the interaction rules. Then, with the learned rules, we design an Evaluate-Cut-Restore (ECR) attack strategy considering the partial interaction structure and geometric pattern. We also establish the sufficient conditions for a successful sneak with maximum control impacts over the MRN. Extensive simulations illustrate the feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed attack.      
### 27.Specular reflections removal in colposcopic images based on neural networks: Supervised training with no ground truth previous knowledge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02221.pdf)
>  Cervical cancer is a malignant tumor that seriously threatens women's health, and is one of the most common that affects women worldwide. For its early detection, colposcopic images of the cervix are used for searching for possible injuries or abnormalities. An inherent characteristic of these images is the presence of specular reflections (brightness) that make it difficult to observe some regions, which might imply a misdiagnosis. In this paper, a new strategy based on neural networks is introduced for eliminating specular reflections and estimating the unobserved anatomical cervix portion under the bright zones. We present a supervised learning method, despite not knowing the ground truth from the beginning, based on training a neural network to learn how to restore any hidden region of colposcopic images. Once the specular reflections are identified, they are removed from the image and the previously trained network is used to fulfill these deleted areas. The quality of the processed images was evaluated quantitatively and qualitatively. In 21 of the 22 evaluated images, the detected specular reflections were totally eliminated, whereas, in the remaining one, these reflections were almost completely eliminated. The distribution of the colors and the content of the restored images are similar to those of the originals. The evaluation carried out by a specialist in Cervix Pathology concluded that, after eliminating the specular reflections, the anatomical and physiological elements of the cervix are observable in the restored images, which facilitates the medical diagnosis of cervical pathologies. Our method has the potential to improve the early detection of cervical cancer.      
### 28.Clock Rigidity and Joint Position-Clock Estimation in Ultra-Wideband Sensor Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02199.pdf)
>  Joint position and clock estimation is crucial in many wireless sensor network applications, especially in distance-based estimation with time-of-arrival (TOA) measurement. In this work, we consider a TOA-based ultra-wideband (UWB) sensor network, propose a novel clock rigidity theory and investigate the relation between the network graph properties and the feasibility of clock estimation with TOA timestamp measurements. It is shown that a clock framework can be uniquely determined up to a translation of clock offset and a scaling of all clock parameters if and only if it is infinitesimally clock rigid. We further prove that a clock framework is infinitesimally clock rigid if its underlying graph is generically bearing rigid in 2-dimensional space with at least one redundant edge. Combined with distance rigidity, clock rigidity provides a graphical approach for analyzing the joint position and clock problem. It is shown that a position-clock framework can be uniquely determined up to some trivial variations corresponding to both position and clock if and only if it is infinitesimally joint rigid. Simulation results are presented to demonstrate the clock estimation and joint position-clock estimation.      
### 29.CNNs and GANs in MRI-based cross-modality medical image estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02198.pdf)
>  Cross-modality image estimation involves the generation of images of one medical imaging modality from that of another modality. Convolutional neural networks (CNNs) have been shown to be useful in identifying, characterising and extracting image patterns. Generative adversarial networks (GANs) use CNNs as generators and estimated images are discriminated as true or false based on an additional network. CNNs and GANs within the image estimation framework may be considered more generally as deep learning approaches, since imaging data tends to be large, leading to a larger number of network weights. Almost all research in the CNN/GAN image estimation literature has involved the use of MRI data with the other modality primarily being PET or CT. This review provides an overview of the use of CNNs and GANs for MRI-based cross-modality medical image estimation. We outline the neural networks implemented, and detail network constructs employed for CNN and GAN image-to-image estimators. Motivations behind cross-modality image estimation are provided as well. GANs appear to provide better utility in cross-modality image estimation in comparison with CNNs, a finding drawn based on our analysis involving metrics comparing estimated and actual images. Our final remarks highlight key challenges faced by the cross-modality medical image estimation field, and suggestions for future research are outlined.      
### 30.Functional observers with linear error dynamics for discrete-time nonlinear systems, with application to fault diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02185.pdf)
>  This work deals with the problem of designing observers for the estimation of a single function of the states for discrete time nonlinear systems. Necessary and sufficient conditions for the existence of lower order functional observers with linear dynamics and linear output map are derived. The results provide a direct generalization to Luenberger's linear theory of functional observers. The application of the functional observer design methodology to fault detection and estimation is also investigated. Throughout the study the methods presented are tested on a non-isothermal CSTR case study.      
### 31.Segmental Contrastive Predictive Coding for Unsupervised Word Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02170.pdf)
>  Automatic detection of phoneme or word-like units is one of the core objectives in zero-resource speech processing. Recent attempts employ self-supervised training methods, such as contrastive predictive coding (CPC), where the next frame is predicted given past context. However, CPC only looks at the audio signal's frame-level structure. We overcome this limitation with a segmental contrastive predictive coding (SCPC) framework that can model the signal structure at a higher level e.g. at the phoneme level. In this framework, a convolutional neural network learns frame-level representation from the raw waveform via noise-contrastive estimation (NCE). A differentiable boundary detector finds variable-length segments, which are then used to optimize a segment encoder via NCE to learn segment representations. The differentiable boundary detector allows us to train frame-level and segment-level encoders jointly. Typically, phoneme and word segmentation are treated as separate tasks. We unify them and experimentally show that our single model outperforms existing phoneme and word segmentation methods on TIMIT and Buckeye datasets. We analyze the impact of boundary threshold and when is the right time to include the segmental loss in the learning process.      
### 32.Causal Digital Twin from Multi-channel IoT  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02135.pdf)
>  Treating data from each sensor in an IoT installation on its own separately is wasteful. This article shows how to treat them as a multi-channel time series and introduces the State-space model formulation of Structural Vector Autoregressive (SVAR) model and the use of time-varying Kalman Filter for optimal estimation of causal parameters. Ladder graphs are introduced as a powerful visualization tool for SVAR estimates where both instantaneous and lagged causal factors are displayed and interactions analyzed. Ladder Graph IS the Causal Digital Twin (CDT); its use for multiple IoT applications that involve multi-channel time series are explored briefly. The main takeaway is that the NEXT STEP in IoT ML is the utilization of data from multiple sensors collectively as a single multi-channel time series. This article shows the way to do it and extract high-order (causal) information via our ladder graph based Causal Digital Twin.      
### 33.A Prospective Observational Study to Investigate Performance of a Chest X-ray Artificial Intelligence Diagnostic Support Tool Across 12 U.S. Hospitals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02118.pdf)
>  Importance: An artificial intelligence (AI)-based model to predict COVID-19 likelihood from chest x-ray (CXR) findings can serve as an important adjunct to accelerate immediate clinical decision making and improve clinical decision making. Despite significant efforts, many limitations and biases exist in previously developed AI diagnostic models for COVID-19. Utilizing a large set of local and international CXR images, we developed an AI model with high performance on temporal and external validation. <br>Conclusions and Relevance: AI-based diagnostic tools may serve as an adjunct, but not replacement, for clinical decision support of COVID-19 diagnosis, which largely hinges on exposure history, signs, and symptoms. While AI-based tools have not yet reached full diagnostic potential in COVID-19, they may still offer valuable information to clinicians taken into consideration along with clinical signs and symptoms.      
### 34.Rotor Thermal Monitoring Scheme for Direct-Torque-Controlled Interior Permanent Magnet Synchronous Machines via High-Frequency Rotating Flux or Torque Injection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02116.pdf)
>  Interior permanent magnet synchronous machine drives are widely employed in electric traction systems and various industrial processes. However, prolonged exposure to high temperatures while operating can demagnetize the permanent magnets to the point of irreversible demagnetization. In addition, direct measurements with infrared sensors or contact-type sensors with wireless communication can be expensive and intrusive to the motor drive systems. This paper thus proposes a nonintrusive thermal monitoring scheme for the permanent magnets inside the direct-torque-controlled interior permanent magnet synchronous machines. By applying an external high-frequency torque signal to the hysteresis torque controller in the motor drive, the high-frequency currents can be injected into the stator windings. The permanent magnet temperature can thus be monitored based on the induced high-frequency resistance. The nonintrusive nature of the method is indicated by the elimination of the extra sensors and no hardware change to the existing system. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed method is validated with experimental results.      
### 35.Exponential Convergence of Piecewise-Constant Parameters Identification under Finite Excitation Condition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02108.pdf)
>  A problem of identification of piecewise-constant unknown parameters of a linear regression equation (LRE) is considered. Such parameters change their values over the interval of the regressor finite (rather than persistent) excitation. To solve it, the previously proposed I-DREM procedure and the integral-based filtering method with the exponential forgetting and resetting are improved: the integral of the filter equations is taken over the finite time intervals, which belong to the finite excitation time range. This allows one to obtain an exponentially bounded identification error over the excitation interval, and, when the LRE parameters are constant outside such interval, to provide exponential convergence of the identification error to zero. In addition, the applied method of the regressor excitation normalization makes it possible to obtain the same rate of convergence of the parameter error for the regressors of various amplitudes. The stability and all the above-mentioned properties are proved for the derived identification method. The results of numerical experiments (including the case of the noise-contaminated regressor and output measurements) fully support the obtained theoretical results.      
### 36.Embedded Deep Regularized Block HSIC Thermomics for Early Diagnosis of Breast Cancer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02106.pdf)
>  Thermography has been used extensively as a complementary diagnostic tool in breast cancer detection. Among thermographic methods matrix factorization (MF) techniques show an unequivocal capability to detect thermal patterns corresponding to vasodilation in cancer cases. One of the biggest challenges in such techniques is selecting the best representation of the thermal basis. In this study, an embedding method is proposed to address this problem and Deep-semi-nonnegative matrix factorization (Deep-SemiNMF) for thermography is introduced, then tested for 208 breast cancer screening cases. First, we apply Deep-SemiNMF to infrared images to extract low-rank thermal representations for each case. Then, we embed low-rank bases to obtain one basis for each patient. After that, we extract 300 thermal imaging features, called thermomics, to decode imaging information for the automatic diagnostic model. We reduced the dimensionality of thermomics by spanning them onto Hilbert space using RBF kernel and select the three most efficient features using the block Hilbert Schmidt Independence Criterion Lasso (block HSIC Lasso). The preserved thermal heterogeneity successfully classified asymptomatic versus symptomatic patients applying a random forest model (cross-validated accuracy of 71.36% (69.42%-73.3%)).      
### 37.Musical Prosody-Driven Emotion Classification: Interpreting Vocalists Portrayal of Emotions Through Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02556.pdf)
>  The task of classifying emotions within a musical track has received widespread attention within the Music Information Retrieval (MIR) community. Music emotion recognition has traditionally relied on the use of acoustic features, verbal features, and metadata-based filtering. The role of musical prosody remains under-explored despite several studies demonstrating a strong connection between prosody and emotion. In this study, we restrict the input of traditional machine learning algorithms to the features of musical prosody. Furthermore, our proposed approach builds upon the prior by classifying emotions under an expanded emotional taxonomy, using the Geneva Wheel of Emotion. We utilize a methodology for individual data collection from vocalists, and personal ground truth labeling by the artist themselves. We found that traditional machine learning algorithms when limited to the features of musical prosody (1) achieve high accuracies for a single singer, (2) maintain high accuracy when the dataset is expanded to multiple singers, and (3) achieve high accuracies when trained on a reduced subset of the total features.      
### 38.Contracting Neural-Newton Solver  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02543.pdf)
>  Recent advances in deep learning have set the focus on neural networks (NNs) that can successfully replace traditional numerical solvers in many applications, achieving impressive computing gains. One such application is time domain simulation, which is indispensable for the design, analysis and operation of many engineering systems. Simulating dynamical systems with implicit Newton-based solvers is a computationally heavy task, as it requires the solution of a parameterized system of differential and algebraic equations at each time step. A variety of NN-based methodologies have been shown to successfully approximate the dynamical trajectories computed by numerical time domain solvers at a fraction of the time. However, so far no previous NN-based model has explicitly captured the fact that any predicted point on the time domain trajectory also represents the fixed point of the numerical solver itself. As we show, explicitly capturing this property can lead to significantly increased NN accuracy and much smaller NN sizes. In this paper, we model the Newton solver at the heart of an implicit Runge-Kutta integrator as a contracting map iteratively seeking this fixed point. Our primary contribution is to develop a recurrent NN simulation tool, termed the Contracting Neural-Newton Solver (CoNNS), which explicitly captures the contracting nature of these Newton iterations. To build CoNNS, we train a feedforward NN and mimic this contraction behavior by embedding a series of training constraints which guarantee the mapping provided by the NN satisfies the Banach fixed-point theorem; thus, we are able to prove that successive passes through the NN are guaranteed to converge to a unique, fixed point.      
### 39.Blockchain for Transactive Energy Management of Distributed Energy Resources in Smart Grid  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02529.pdf)
>  This work presents the design and implementation of a blockchain system that enables the trustable transactive energy management for distributed energy resources (DERs). We model the interactions among DERs, including energy trading and flexible appliance scheduling, as a cost minimization problem. Considering the dispersed nature and diverse ownership of DERs, we develop a distributed algorithm to solve the optimization problem using the alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) method. Furthermore, we develop a blockchain system, on which we implement the proposed algorithm with the smart contract, to guarantee the transparency and correctness of the energy management. We prototype the blockchain in a small-scale test network and evaluate it through experiments using real-world data. The experimental results validate the feasibility and effectiveness of our design.      
### 40.The Image Local Autoregressive Transformer  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02514.pdf)
>  Recently, AutoRegressive (AR) models for the whole image generation empowered by transformers have achieved comparable or even better performance to Generative Adversarial Networks (GANs). Unfortunately, directly applying such AR models to edit/change local image regions, may suffer from the problems of missing global information, slow inference speed, and information leakage of local guidance. To address these limitations, we propose a novel model -- image Local Autoregressive Transformer (iLAT), to better facilitate the locally guided image synthesis. Our iLAT learns the novel local discrete representations, by the newly proposed local autoregressive (LA) transformer of the attention mask and convolution mechanism. Thus iLAT can efficiently synthesize the local image regions by key guidance information. Our iLAT is evaluated on various locally guided image syntheses, such as pose-guided person image synthesis and face editing. Both the quantitative and qualitative results show the efficacy of our model.      
### 41.Interdependence of Growth, Structure, Size and Resource Consumption During an Economic Growth Cycle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02512.pdf)
>  All economies require physical resource consumption to grow and maintain their structure. The modern economy is additionally characterized by private debt. The Human and Resources with MONEY (HARMONEY) economic growth model links these features using a stock and flow consistent framework in physical and monetary units. Via an updated version, we explore the interdependence of growth and three major structural metrics of an economy. First, we show that relative decoupling of gross domestic product (GDP) from resource consumption is an expected pattern that occurs because of physical limits to growth, not a response to avoid physical limits. While an increase in resource efficiency of operating capital does increase the level of relative decoupling, so does a change in pricing from one based on full costs to one based only on marginal costs that neglects depreciation and interest payments leading to higher debt ratios. Second, if assuming full labor bargaining power for wages, when a previously-growing economy reaches peak resource extraction and GDP, wages remain high but profits and debt decline to zero. By removing bargaining power, profits can remain positive at the expense of declining wages. Third, the distribution of intermediate transactions within the input-output table of the model follows the same temporal pattern as in the post-World War II U.S. economy. These results indicate that the HARMONEY framework enables realistic investigation of interdependent structural change and trade-offs between economic distribution, size, and resources consumption.      
### 42.Homological Time Series Analysis of Sensor Signals from Power Plants  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02493.pdf)
>  In this paper, we use topological data analysis techniques to construct a suitable neural network classifier for the task of learning sensor signals of entire power plants according to their reference designation system. We use representations of persistence diagrams to derive necessary preprocessing steps and visualize the large amounts of data. We derive architectures with deep one-dimensional convolutional layers combined with stacked long short-term memories as residual networks suitable for processing the persistence features. We combine three separate sub-networks, obtaining as input the time series itself and a representation of the persistent homology for the zeroth and first dimension. We give a mathematical derivation for most of the used hyper-parameters. For validation, numerical experiments were performed with sensor data from four power plants of the same construction type.      
### 43.Age of Information in Practice  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02491.pdf)
>  While age of Information (AoI) has gained importance as a metric characterizing the fresh-ness of information in information-update systems and time-critical applications, most previous studies on AoI have been theoretical. In this chapter, we compile a set of recent works reporting API measurements in real-life networks and experimental testbeds, and investigating practical issues such as synchronization, the role of various transport layer protocols, congestion control mechanisms, application of machine learning for adaptation to network conditions, and device related bottlenecks such as limited processing power.      
### 44.A Database for Research on Detection and Enhancement of Speech Transmitted over HF links  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02472.pdf)
>  In this paper we present an open database for the development of detection and enhancement algorithms of speech transmitted over HF radio channels. It consists of audio samples recorded by various receivers at different locations across Europe, all monitoring the same single-sideband modulated transmission from a base station in Paderborn, Germany. Transmitted and received speech signals are precisely time aligned to offer parallel data for supervised training of deep learning based detection and enhancement algorithms. For the task of speech activity detection two exemplary baseline systems are presented, one based on statistical methods employing a multi-stage Wiener filter with minimum statistics noise floor estimation, and the other relying on a deep learning approach.      
### 45.A Novel Semi-supervised Framework for Call Center Agent Malpractice Detection via Neural Feature Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02433.pdf)
>  This work presents a practical solution to the problem of call center agent malpractice. A semi-supervised framework comprising of non-linear power transformation, neural feature learning and k-means clustering is outlined. We put these building blocks together and tune the parameters so that the best performance was obtained. The data used in the experiments is obtained from our in-house call center. It is made up of recorded agent-customer conversations which have been annotated using a convolutional neural network based segmenter. The methods provided a means of tuning the parameters of the neural network to achieve a desirable result. We show that, using our proposed framework, it is possible to significantly reduce the malpractice classification error of a k-means-only clustering model which would serve the same purpose. Additionally, by presenting the amount of silence per call as a key performance indicator, we show that the proposed system has enhanced agents performance at our call center since deployment.      
### 46.Stochastic and deterministic formulations for capacity firming nominations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02425.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the energy management of a grid-connected photovoltaic plant coupled with a battery energy storage device, within the capacity firming specifications of the French Energy Regulatory Commission. The paper contributions are positioned in the continuity of the studies adopting stochastic models for optimizing the bids of renewable energy sources in a day-ahead market by considering a storage device. The proposed deterministic and stochastic approaches are optimization problems formulated as quadratic problems with linear constraints. The case study is a real microgrid with PV production monitored on-site. The results demonstrate the validity of the stochastic formulation by using an ideal predictor that produces unbiased PV scenarios.      
### 47.Contour Moments Based Manipulation of Composite Rigid-Deformable Objects with Finite Time Model Estimation and Shape/Position Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02424.pdf)
>  The robotic manipulation of composite rigid-deformable objects (i.e. those with mixed non-homogeneous stiffness properties) is a challenging problem with clear practical applications that, despite the recent progress in the field, it has not been sufficiently studied in the literature. To deal with this issue, in this paper we propose a new visual servoing method that has the capability to manipulate this broad class of objects (which varies from soft to rigid) with the same adaptive strategy. To quantify the object's infinite-dimensional configuration, our new approach computes a compact feedback vector of 2D contour moments features. A sliding mode control scheme is then designed to simultaneously ensure the finite-time convergence of both the feedback shape error and the model estimation error. The stability of the proposed framework (including the boundedness of all the signals) is rigorously proved with Lyapunov theory. Detailed simulations and experiments are presented to validate the effectiveness of the proposed approach. To the best of the author's knowledge, this is the first time that contour moments along with finite-time control have been used to solve this difficult manipulation problem.      
### 48.Data-Driven Control Design with LMIs and Dynamic Programming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02391.pdf)
>  The goal of this paper is to develop data-driven control design and evaluation strategies based on linear matrix inequalities (LMIs) and dynamic programming. We consider deterministic discrete-time LTI systems, where the system model is unknown. We propose efficient data collection schemes from the state-input trajectories together with data-driven LMIs to design state-feedback controllers for stabilization and linear quadratic regulation (LQR) problem. In addition, we investigate theoretically guaranteed exploration schemes to acquire valid data from the trajectories under different scenarios. In particular, we prove that as more and more data is accumulated, the collected data becomes valid for the proposed algorithms with higher probability. Finally, data-driven dynamic programming algorithms with convergence guarantees are then discussed.      
### 49.Efficient Predictive Monitoring of Linear Time-Invariant Systems Under Stealthy Attacks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02378.pdf)
>  Attacks on Industrial Control Systems (ICS) can lead to significant physical damage. While offline safety and security assessments can provide insight into vulnerable system components, they may not account for stealthy attacks designed to evade anomaly detectors during long operational transients. In this paper, we propose a predictive online monitoring approach to check the safety of the system under potential stealthy attacks. Specifically, we adapt previous results in reachability analysis for attack impact assessment to provide an efficient algorithm for online safety monitoring for Linear Time-Invariant (LTI) systems. The proposed approach relies on an offline computation of symbolic reachable sets in terms of the estimated physical state of the system. These sets are then instantiated online, and safety checks are performed by leveraging ideas from ellipsoidal calculus. We illustrate and evaluate our approach using the Tennessee-Eastman process. We also compare our approach with the baseline monitoring approaches proposed in previous work and assess its efficiency and scalability. Our evaluation results demonstrate that our approach can predict in a timely manner if a false data injection attack will be able to cause damage, while remaining undetected. Thus, our approach can be used to provide operators with real-time early warnings about stealthy attacks.      
### 50.Uncertainty in Position Estimation Using Machine Learning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02370.pdf)
>  UE localization has proven its implications on multitude of use cases ranging from emergency call localization to new and emerging use cases in industrial IoT. To support plethora of use cases Radio Access Technology (RAT)-based positioning has been supported by 3GPP since Release 9 of its specifications that featured basic positioning methods based on Cell Identity (CID) and Enhanced-CID (E-CID). Since then, multiple positioning techniques and solutions are proposed and integrated in to the 3GPP specifications. When it comes to evaluating performance of the positioning techniques, achievable accuracy (2-Dimensional or 3-Dimensional) has, so far, been the primary metric. With the advent of Release 16 New Radio (NR) positioning, it is possible to configure Positioning Reference Signal (PRS) with wide bandwidth that naturally helps improving the positioning accuracy. However, the improvement is evident when the conditions are ideal for positioning. In practice where the conditions are non-ideal and the positioning accuracy is severely impacted, estimating the uncertainty in position estimation becomes important and can provide significant insight on how reliable a position estimation is. In order to determine the uncertainty in position estimation we resort to Machine Learning (ML) techniques that offer ways to determine the uncertainty/reliability of the predictions for a trained model. Hence, in this work we propose to combine ML methods such as Gaussian Process (GP) and Random Forest (RF) with RAT-based positioning measurements to predict the location of a UE and in the meantime also assess the uncertainty of the estimated position. The results show that both GP and RF not only achieve satisfactory positioning accuracy but also give a reliable uncertainty assessment of the predicted position of the UE.      
### 51.F-Drop&amp;Match: GANs with a Dead Zone in the High-Frequency Domain  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02343.pdf)
>  Generative adversarial networks built from deep convolutional neural networks (GANs) lack the ability to exactly replicate the high-frequency components of natural images. To alleviate this issue, we introduce two novel training techniques called frequency dropping (F-Drop) and frequency matching (F-Match). The key idea of F-Drop is to filter out unnecessary high-frequency components from the input images of the discriminators. This simple modification prevents the discriminators from being confused by perturbations of the high-frequency components. In addition, F-Drop makes the GANs focus on fitting in the low-frequency domain, in which there are the dominant components of natural images. F-Match minimizes the difference between real and fake images in the frequency domain for generating more realistic images. F-Match is implemented as a regularization term in the objective functions of the generators; it penalizes the batch mean error in the frequency domain. F-Match helps the generators to fit in the high-frequency domain filtered out by F-Drop to the real image. We experimentally demonstrate that the combination of F-Drop and F-Match improves the generative performance of GANs in both the frequency and spatial domain on multiple image benchmarks (CIFAR, TinyImageNet, STL-10, CelebA, and ImageNet).      
### 52.Probabilistic forecasting for sizing in the capacity firming framework  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02323.pdf)
>  This paper proposes a strategy to size a grid-connected photovoltaic plant coupled with a battery energy storage device within the \textit{capacity firming} specifications of the French Energy Regulatory Commission. In this context, the sizing problem is challenging due to the two-phase engagement control with a day-ahead nomination and an intraday control to minimize deviations from the planning. The two-phase engagement control is modeled with deterministic and stochastic approaches. The optimization problems are formulated as mixed-integer quadratic problems, using a Gaussian copula methodology to generate PV scenarios, to approximate the mixed-integer non-linear problem of the capacity firming. Then, a grid search is conducted to approximate the optimal sizing for a given selling price using both the deterministic and stochastic approaches. The case study is composed of PV production monitored on-site at the Lige University (ULige), Belgium.      
### 53.Transforming Fading Channel from Fast to Slow: Intelligent Refracting Surface Aided High-Mobility Communication  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02274.pdf)
>  Intelligent reflecting/refracting surface (IRS) has recently emerged as a promising solution to reconfigure wireless propagation environment for enhancing the communication performance. In this paper, we study a new IRS-aided high-mobility communication system by employing the intelligent refracting surface with a high-speed vehicle to aid its passenger's communication with a remote base station (BS). Due to the environment's random scattering and vehicle's high mobility, a rapidly time-varying channel is typically resulted between the static BS and fast-moving IRS/user, which renders the channel estimation for IRS with a large number of elements more challenging. In order to reap the high IRS passive beamforming gain with low channel training overhead, we propose a new and efficient transmission protocol to achieve both IRS channel estimation and refraction optimization for data transmission. Specifically, by exploiting the quasi-static channel between the IRS and user both moving at the same high speed as well as the line-of-sight (LoS) dominant channel between the BS and IRS, the user first estimates the LoS component of the cascaded BS-IRS-user channel, based on which IRS passive refraction is designed to maximize the corresponding IRS-refracted channel gain. Then, the user estimates the resultant IRS-refracted channel as well as the non-IRS-refracted channel for setting an additional common phase shift at all IRS refracting elements so as to align these two channels for maximizing the overall channel gain for data transmission. Simulation results show significant performance improvement of the proposed design as compared to various benchmark schemes. The proposed on-vehicle IRS system is further compared with a baseline scheme of deploying fixed intelligent reflecting surfaces on the roadside to assist high-speed vehicular communications, which achieves significant rate improvement.      
### 54.Robustifying Reinforcement Learning Policies with $\mathcal{L}_1$ Adaptive Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02249.pdf)
>  A reinforcement learning (RL) policy trained in a nominal environment could fail in a new/perturbed environment due to the existence of dynamic variations. Existing robust methods try to obtain a fixed policy for all envisioned dynamic variation scenarios through robust or adversarial training. These methods could lead to conservative performance due to emphasis on the worst case, and often involve tedious modifications to the training environment. We propose an approach to robustifying a pre-trained non-robust RL policy with $\mathcal{L}_1$ adaptive control. Leveraging the capability of an $\mathcal{L}_1$ control law in the fast estimation of and active compensation for dynamic variations, our approach can significantly improve the robustness of an RL policy trained in a standard (i.e., non-robust) way, either in a simulator or in the real world. Numerical experiments are provided to validate the efficacy of the proposed approach.      
### 55.Over-the-Air Computation via Broadband Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02243.pdf)
>  Over-the-air computation (AirComp) has been recognized as a low-latency solution for wireless sensor data fusion, where multiple sensors send their measurement signals to a receiver simultaneously for computation. Most existing work only considered performing AirComp over a single frequency channel. However, for a sensor network with a massive number of nodes, a single frequency channel may not be sufficient to accommodate the large number of sensors, and the AirComp performance will be very limited. So it is highly desirable to have more frequency channels for large-scale AirComp systems to benefit from multi-channel diversity. In this letter, we propose an $M$-frequency AirComp system, where each sensor selects a subset of the $M$ frequencies and broadcasts its signal over these channels under a certain power constraint. We derive the optimal sensors' transmission and receiver's signal processing methods separately, and develop an algorithm for joint design to achieve the best AirComp performance. Numerical results show that increasing one frequency channel can improve the AirComp performance by threefold compared to the single-frequency case.      
### 56.Memory Approximate Message Passing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02237.pdf)
>  Approximate message passing (AMP) is a low-cost iterative parameter-estimation technique for certain high-dimensional linear systems with non-Gaussian distributions. However, AMP only applies to independent identically distributed (IID) transform matrices, but may become unreliable for other matrix ensembles, especially for ill-conditioned ones. To handle this difficulty, orthogonal/vector AMP (OAMP/VAMP) was proposed for general right-unitarily-invariant matrices. However, the Bayes-optimal OAMP/VAMP requires high-complexity linear minimum mean square error estimator. To solve the disadvantages of AMP and OAMP/VAMP, this paper proposes a memory AMP (MAMP), in which a long-memory matched filter is proposed for interference suppression. The complexity of MAMP is comparable to AMP. The asymptotic Gaussianity of estimation errors in MAMP is guaranteed by the orthogonality principle. A state evolution is derived to asymptotically characterize the performance of MAMP. Based on the state evolution, the relaxation parameters and damping vector in MAMP are optimized. For all right-unitarily-invariant matrices, the optimized MAMP converges to OAMP/VAMP, and thus is Bayes-optimal if it has a unique fixed point. Finally, simulations are provided to verify the validity and accuracy of the theoretical results.      
### 57.Barcode Method for Generative Model Evaluation driven by Topological Data Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02207.pdf)
>  Evaluating the performance of generative models in image synthesis is a challenging task. Although the Frchet Inception Distance is a widely accepted evaluation metric, it integrates different aspects (e.g., fidelity and diversity) of synthesized images into a single score and assumes the normality of embedded vectors. Recent methods such as precision-and-recall and its variants such as density-and-coverage have been developed to separate fidelity and diversity based on k-nearest neighborhood methods. In this study, we propose an algorithm named barcode, which is inspired by the topological data analysis and is almost free of assumption and hyperparameter selections. In extensive experiments on real-world datasets as well as theoretical approach on high-dimensional normal samples, it was found that the 'usual' normality assumption of embedded vectors has several drawbacks. The experimental results demonstrate that barcode outperforms other methods in evaluating fidelity and diversity of GAN outputs. Official codes can be found in <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/minjeekim00/Barcode" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 58.PSY-TaLiRo: A Python Toolbox for Search-Based Test Generation for Cyber-Physical Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02200.pdf)
>  In this paper, we present the Python package PSY-TaLiRo which is a toolbox for temporal logic robustness guided falsification of Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS). PSY-TaLiRo is a completely modular toolbox supporting multiple temporal logic offline monitors as well as optimization engines for test case generation. Among the benefits of PSY-TaLiRo is that it supports search-based test generation for many different types of systems under test. All PSY-TaLiRo modules can be fully modified by the users to support new optimization and robustness computation engines as well as any System under Test (SUT).      
### 59.Self-supervised Dialogue Learning for Spoken Conversational Question Answering  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02182.pdf)
>  In spoken conversational question answering (SCQA), the answer to the corresponding question is generated by retrieving and then analyzing a fixed spoken document, including multi-part conversations. Most SCQA systems have considered only retrieving information from ordered utterances. However, the sequential order of dialogue is important to build a robust spoken conversational question answering system, and the changes of utterances order may severely result in low-quality and incoherent corpora. To this end, we introduce a self-supervised learning approach, including incoherence discrimination, insertion detection, and question prediction, to explicitly capture the coreference resolution and dialogue coherence among spoken documents. Specifically, we design a joint learning framework where the auxiliary self-supervised tasks can enable the pre-trained SCQA systems towards more coherent and meaningful spoken dialogue learning. We also utilize the proposed self-supervised learning tasks to capture intra-sentence coherence. Experimental results demonstrate that our proposed method provides more coherent, meaningful, and appropriate responses, yielding superior performance gains compared to the original pre-trained language models. Our method achieves state-of-the-art results on the Spoken-CoQA dataset.      
### 60.Robust Learning via Persistency of Excitation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.02078.pdf)
>  Improving adversarial robustness of neural networks remains a major challenge. Fundamentally, training a network is a parameter estimation problem. In adaptive control theory, maintaining persistency of excitation (PoE) is integral to ensuring convergence of parameter estimates in dynamical systems to their robust optima. In this work, we show that network training using gradient descent is equivalent to a dynamical system parameter estimation problem. Leveraging this relationship, we prove a sufficient condition for PoE of gradient descent is achieved when the learning rate is less than the inverse of the Lipschitz constant of the gradient of loss function. We provide an efficient technique for estimating the corresponding Lipschitz constant using extreme value theory and demonstrate that by only scaling the learning rate schedule we can increase adversarial accuracy by up to 15% on benchmark datasets. Our approach also universally increases the adversarial accuracy by 0.1% to 0.3% in various state-of-the-art adversarially trained models on the AutoAttack benchmark, where every small margin of improvement is significant.      
### 61.Deep learning-based multi-output quantile forecasting of PV generation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.01271.pdf)
>  This paper develops probabilistic PV forecasters by taking advantage of recent breakthroughs in deep learning. It tailored forecasting tool, named encoder-decoder, is implemented to compute intraday multi-output PV quantiles forecasts to efficiently capture the time correlation. The models are trained using quantile regression, a non-parametric approach that assumes no prior knowledge of the probabilistic forecasting distribution. The case study is composed of PV production monitored on-site at the University of Lige (ULige), Belgium. The weather forecasts from the regional climate model provided by the Laboratory of Climatology are used as inputs of the deep learning models. The forecast quality is quantitatively assessed by the continuous ranked probability and interval scores. The results indicate this architecture improves the forecast quality and is computationally efficient to be incorporated in an intraday decision-making tool for robust optimization.      
### 62.A Probabilistic Forecast-Driven Strategy for a Risk-Aware Participation in the Capacity Firming Market  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2105.13801.pdf)
>  This paper addresses the energy management of a grid-connected renewable generation plant coupled with a battery energy storage device in the capacity firming market, designed to promote renewable power generation facilities in small non-interconnected grids. A recently developed deep learning model known as normalizing flows is used to generate quantile forecasts of renewable generation. They provide a general mechanism for defining expressive probability distributions, only requiring the specification of a base distribution and a series of bijective transformations. Then, a probabilistic forecast-driven strategy is designed, modeled as a min-max-min robust optimization problem with recourse, and solved using a Benders decomposition. The convergence is improved by building an initial set of cuts derived from domain knowledge. Robust optimization models the generation randomness using an uncertainty set that includes the worst-case generation scenario and protects this scenario under the minimal increment of costs. This approach improves the results over a deterministic approach with nominal point forecasts by finding a trade-off between conservative and risk-seeking policies. Finally, a dynamic risk-averse parameters selection strategy based on the quantile forecasts distribution provides an additional gain. The case study uses the photovoltaic generation monitored on-site at the University of Lige (ULige), Belgium.      
