# ArXiv eess --Mon, 21 Jun 2021
### 1.On-Device Personalization of Automatic Speech Recognition Models for Disordered Speech  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10259.pdf)
>  While current state-of-the-art Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) systems achieve high accuracy on typical speech, they suffer from significant performance degradation on disordered speech and other atypical speech patterns. Personalization of ASR models, a commonly applied solution to this problem, is usually performed in a server-based training environment posing problems around data privacy, delayed model-update times, and communication cost for copying data and models between mobile device and server infrastructure. In this paper, we present an approach to on-device based ASR personalization with very small amounts of speaker-specific data. We test our approach on a diverse set of 100 speakers with disordered speech and find median relative word error rate improvement of 71% with only 50 short utterances required per speaker. When tested on a voice-controlled home automation platform, on-device personalized models show a median task success rate of 81%, compared to only 40% of the unadapted models.      
### 2.CT Image Synthesis Using Weakly Supervised Segmentation and Geometric Inter-Label Relations For COVID Image Analysis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10230.pdf)
>  While medical image segmentation is an important task for computer aided diagnosis, the high expertise requirement for pixelwise manual annotations makes it a challenging and time consuming task. Since conventional data augmentations do not fully represent the underlying distribution of the training set, the trained models have varying performance when tested on images captured from different sources. Most prior work on image synthesis for data augmentation ignore the interleaved geometric relationship between different anatomical labels. We propose improvements over previous GAN-based medical image synthesis methods by learning the relationship between different anatomical labels. We use a weakly supervised segmentation method to obtain pixel level semantic label map of images which is used learn the intrinsic relationship of geometry and shape across semantic labels. Latent space variable sampling results in diverse generated images from a base image and improves robustness. We use the synthetic images from our method to train networks for segmenting COVID-19 infected areas from lung CT images. The proposed method outperforms state-of-the-art segmentation methods on a public dataset. Ablation studies also demonstrate benefits of integrating geometry and diversity.      
### 3.A learned conditional prior for the VAE acoustic space of a TTS system  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10229.pdf)
>  Many factors influence speech yielding different renditions of a given sentence. Generative models, such as variational autoencoders (VAEs), capture this variability and allow multiple renditions of the same sentence via sampling. The degree of prosodic variability depends heavily on the prior that is used when sampling. In this paper, we propose a novel method to compute an informative prior for the VAE latent space of a neural text-to-speech (TTS) system. By doing so, we aim to sample with more prosodic variability, while gaining controllability over the latent space's structure. <br>By using as prior the posterior distribution of a secondary VAE, which we condition on a speaker vector, we can sample from the primary VAE taking explicitly the conditioning into account and resulting in samples from a specific region of the latent space for each condition (i.e. speaker). A formal preference test demonstrates significant preference of the proposed approach over standard Conditional VAE. We also provide visualisations of the latent space where well-separated condition-specific clusters appear, as well as ablation studies to better understand the behaviour of the system.      
### 4.Non-Iterative Phase Retrieval With Cascaded Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10195.pdf)
>  Fourier phase retrieval is the problem of reconstructing a signal given only the magnitude of its Fourier transformation. Optimization-based approaches, like the well-established Gerchberg-Saxton or the hybrid input output algorithm, struggle at reconstructing images from magnitudes that are not oversampled. This motivates the application of learned methods, which allow reconstruction from non-oversampled magnitude measurements after a learning phase. In this paper, we want to push the limits of these learned methods by means of a deep neural network cascade that reconstructs the image successively on different resolutions from its non-oversampled Fourier magnitude. We evaluate our method on four different datasets (MNIST, EMNIST, Fashion-MNIST, and KMNIST) and demonstrate that it yields improved performance over other non-iterative methods and optimization-based methods.      
### 5.M-ary Aggregate Spread Pulse Modulation in LPWANs for IoT applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10179.pdf)
>  In low-power wide-area networks (LPWANs), various trade-offs among the bandwidth, data rates, and energy per bit have different effects on the quality of service under different propagation conditions (e.g. fading and multipath), interference scenarios, multi-user requirements, and design constraints. Such compromises, and the manner in which they are implemented, further affect other technical aspects, such as system's computational complexity and power efficiency. At the same time, this difference in trade-offs also adds to the technical flexibility in addressing a broader range of IoT applications. This paper addresses a physical layer LPWAN approach based on the Aggregate Spread Pulse Modulation (ASPM) and provides a brief assessment of its properties in additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) channel. In the binary ASPM the control of the quality of service is performed through the change in the spectral efficiency, i.e., the data rate at a given bandwidth. Implementing M-ary encoding in ASPM further enables controlling service quality through changing the energy per bit (in about an order of magnitude range) as an additional trade-off parameter. Such encoding is especially useful for improving the ASPM's energy per bit performance, thus increasing its range and overall energy efficiency, and making it more attractive for use in LPWANs for IoT applications.      
### 6.Radio interference reduction in interstellar communications: methods and observations  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10168.pdf)
>  The discovery of interstellar communication signals is complicated by the presence of radio interference. Consequently, interstellar communication signals are hypothesized to have properties that favor discovery in high levels of local planetary radio interference. A hypothesized type of interstellar signal, delta-t delta-f polarized pulse pairs, has properties that are similar to infrequent elements of random noise, while dissimilar from many types of known radio interference. Discovery of delta-t delta-f polarized pulse pairs is aided by the use of interference-filtered receiver systems that are designed to indicate anomalous presence of delta-t delta-f polarized pulse pairs, when pointing a radio telescope to celestial coordinates of a hypothetical transmitter. Observations reported in previous work (ref. <a class="link-https" data-arxiv-id="2105.03727" href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2105.03727">arXiv:2105.03727</a>) indicate an anomalous celestial pointing direction having coordinates 5.25 +- 0.15 hours Right Ascension and -7.6 +- 1 degrees Declination. Augmented interference reduction mechanisms used in the current work are described, together with reports of follow-up radio telescope beam transit measurements during 40 days. Conclusions and further work are proposed.      
### 7.Golos: Russian Dataset for Speech Research  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10161.pdf)
>  This paper introduces a novel Russian speech dataset called Golos, a large corpus suitable for speech research. The dataset mainly consists of recorded audio files manually annotated on the crowd-sourcing platform. The total duration of the audio is about 1240 hours. We have made the corpus freely available to download, along with the acoustic model with CTC loss prepared on this corpus. Additionally, transfer learning was applied to improve the performance of the acoustic model. In order to evaluate the quality of the dataset with the beam-search algorithm, we have built a 3-gram language model on the open Common Crawl dataset. The total word error rate (WER) metrics turned out to be about 3.3% and 11.5%.      
### 8.Spatial Distribution of Distortion due to Nonlinear Power Amplification in Distributed Massive MIMO  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10140.pdf)
>  Due to the nonlinearity of power amplifiers (PAs), the transmit signal is distorted. Previous works have studied the spatial distribution of this distortion for a central massive MIMO array. In this work, we extend the analysis for distributed massive MIMO in a line-of-sight scenario. We show that the distortion is not always uniformly distributed in space. In the single-user case, it coherently combines at the user location. In the few users case, the signals will add up at the user locations plus several others locations. As the number of users increases, it becomes close to uniformly distributed. As a comparison with a central massive MIMO system, having the same total number of antennas, the distortion in distributed massive MIMO is considerably more uniformly distributed in space. Moreover, the potential coherent combining is contained in a zone rather than in generic directions, i.e., in a beamspot. Furthermore, a small-scale fading effect is observed at unintended locations due to the non-coherent combining of the signals. As a result, one can expect that going towards distributed systems allows working closer to saturation, increasing the PA operating efficiency and/or using low-cost PAs.      
### 9.VQMIVC: Vector Quantization and Mutual Information-Based Unsupervised Speech Representation Disentanglement for One-shot Voice Conversion  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10132.pdf)
>  One-shot voice conversion (VC), which performs conversion across arbitrary speakers with only a single target-speaker utterance for reference, can be effectively achieved by speech representation disentanglement. Existing work generally ignores the correlation between different speech representations during training, which causes leakage of content information into the speaker representation and thus degrades VC performance. To alleviate this issue, we employ vector quantization (VQ) for content encoding and introduce mutual information (MI) as the correlation metric during training, to achieve proper disentanglement of content, speaker and pitch representations, by reducing their inter-dependencies in an unsupervised manner. Experimental results reflect the superiority of the proposed method in learning effective disentangled speech representations for retaining source linguistic content and intonation variations, while capturing target speaker characteristics. In doing so, the proposed approach achieves higher speech naturalness and speaker similarity than current state-of-the-art one-shot VC systems. Our code, pre-trained models and demo are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Wendison/VQMIVC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 10.Unsupervised Domain Adaptation for Dysarthric Speech Detection via Domain Adversarial Training and Mutual Information Minimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10127.pdf)
>  Dysarthric speech detection (DSD) systems aim to detect characteristics of the neuromotor disorder from speech. Such systems are particularly susceptible to domain mismatch where the training and testing data come from the source and target domains respectively, but the two domains may differ in terms of speech stimuli, disease etiology, etc. It is hard to acquire labelled data in the target domain, due to high costs of annotating sizeable datasets. This paper makes a first attempt to formulate cross-domain DSD as an unsupervised domain adaptation (UDA) problem. We use labelled source-domain data and unlabelled target-domain data, and propose a multi-task learning strategy, including dysarthria presence classification (DPC), domain adversarial training (DAT) and mutual information minimization (MIM), which aim to learn dysarthria-discriminative and domain-invariant biomarker embeddings. Specifically, DPC helps biomarker embeddings capture critical indicators of dysarthria; DAT forces biomarker embeddings to be indistinguishable in source and target domains; and MIM further reduces the correlation between biomarker embeddings and domain-related cues. By treating the UASPEECH and TORGO corpora respectively as the source and target domains, experiments show that the incorporation of UDA attains absolute increases of 22.2% and 20.0% respectively in utterance-level weighted average recall and speaker-level accuracy.      
### 11.A Weak Monotonicity Based Muscle Fatigue Detection Algorithm for a Short-Duration Poor Posture Using sEMG Measurements  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10109.pdf)
>  Muscle fatigue is usually defined as a decrease in the ability to produce force. The surface electromyography (sEMG) signals have been widely used to provide information about muscle activities including detecting muscle fatigue by various data-driven techniques such as machine learning and statistical approaches. However, it is well-known that sEMG signals are weak signals (low amplitude of the signals) with a low signal-to-noise ratio, data-driven techniques cannot work well when the quality of the data is poor. In particular, the existing methods are unable to detect muscle fatigue coming from static poses. This work exploits the concept of weak monotonicity, which has been observed in the process of fatigue, to robustly detect muscle fatigue in the presence of measurement noises and human variations. Such a population trend methodology has shown its potential in muscle fatigue detection as demonstrated by the experiment of a static pose.      
### 12.Leveraging Google Earth Engine platform to characterize and map small seasonal wetlands in the semi-arid environments of South Africa  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10087.pdf)
>  Small seasonal wetlands are a distinctive feature of the semi-arid environments. Although these systems are small and ephemeral in nature, they provide habitats to aquatic flora and fauna, and play a critical role in sustaining livelihoods through the provision of ecological services. There is a great concern that these wetlands are not routinely monitored, which has contributed to their poor management. So far, scientific research strides have been noted in mapping and understanding the spatial coverage and ecohydrological dynamics of wetlands in semi-arid areas using broadband multispectral data. However, because of the sensing characteristics of these platforms, mapping and monitoring of small wetlands remains a challenge.      
### 13.Debiased Subjective Assessment of Real-World Image Enhancement  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10080.pdf)
>  In real-world image enhancement, it is often challenging (if not impossible) to acquire ground-truth data, preventing the adoption of distance metrics for objective quality assessment. As a result, one often resorts to subjective quality assessment, the most straightforward and reliable means of evaluating image enhancement. Conventional subjective testing requires manually pre-selecting a small set of visual examples, which may suffer from three sources of biases: 1) sampling bias due to the extremely sparse distribution of the selected samples in the image space; 2) algorithmic bias due to potential overfitting the selected samples; 3) subjective bias due to further potential cherry-picking test results. This eventually makes the field of real-world image enhancement more of an art than a science. Here we take steps towards debiasing conventional subjective assessment by automatically sampling a set of adaptive and diverse images for subsequent testing. This is achieved by casting sample selection into a joint maximization of the discrepancy between the enhancers and the diversity among the selected input images. Careful visual inspection on the resulting enhanced images provides a debiased ranking of the enhancement algorithms. We demonstrate our subjective assessment method using three popular and practically demanding image enhancement tasks: dehazing, super-resolution, and low-light enhancement.      
### 14.Comparative assessment of typical controlrealizations of grid forming converters based ontheir voltage source behaviour  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10048.pdf)
>  The converter control functions to provide the capabilities similar to synchronous generators are referred to as grid forming converters (GFC). Identical to a synchronous machine, a grid forming converter is expected to behave as a voltage source behind an impedance beyond the control bandwidth. However, GFC's realization has been different, with some utilizes inner current and voltage controllers while others do not. This paper studies the impact of the inner loop on the grid forming converter's ability to behave as a voltage source behind an impedance. Three of the most popular GFC structures, 1) GFC with cascaded voltage and current control, 2) with inner current control, 3) with no inner loop, are chosen for the comparison. The analysis revealed that MW level GFC with inner loops could potentially go unstable under weak power system. Additionally, the GFC with cascaded control can only operate stably within a narrow range of network impedances. Furthermore, it is also shown that slow response behavior based on cascaded inner loop can impact on dynamic reactive and active power-sharing.      
### 15.Moment-based Parameter Estimation for $Γ$-parameterized TWDP Model  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09969.pdf)
>  In this paper, parameterization of a two-wave with diffuse power (TWDP) fading model is revised. Anomalies caused by using conventional TWDP parameters $K$ and $\Delta$ are first identified, indicating that the existing moment-based estimators of a tuple $(K, \Delta)$ are not able to provide accurate estimations for various combinations of their values. Therefore, a moment-based estimators for a newly proposed parameters $K$ and $\Gamma$ are derived and analyzed through asymptotic variance (AsV) and Cramer-Rao bound (CRB) metrics. The results are qualitatively compared to those obtained for a $(K, \Delta)$ tuple, showing that moment-based estimators of the improved $\Gamma$-based parameterization managed to overcome all anomalies observed within the conventional TWDP parameterization.      
### 16.Low Resource German ASR with Untranscribed Data Spoken by Non-native Children -- INTERSPEECH 2021 Shared Task SPAPL System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09963.pdf)
>  This paper describes the SPAPL system for the INTERSPEECH 2021 Challenge: Shared Task on Automatic Speech Recognition for Non-Native Children's Speech in German. ~ 5 hours of transcribed data and ~ 60 hours of untranscribed data are provided to develop a German ASR system for children. For the training of the transcribed data, we propose a non-speech state discriminative loss (NSDL) to mitigate the influence of long-duration non-speech segments within speech utterances. In order to explore the use of the untranscribed data, various approaches are implemented and combined together to incrementally improve the system performance. First, bidirectional autoregressive predictive coding (Bi-APC) is used to learn initial parameters for acoustic modelling using the provided untranscribed data. Second, incremental semi-supervised learning is further used to iteratively generate pseudo-transcribed data. Third, different data augmentation schemes are used at different training stages to increase the variability and size of the training data. Finally, a recurrent neural network language model (RNNLM) is used for rescoring. Our system achieves a word error rate (WER) of 39.68% on the evaluation data, an approximately 12% relative improvement over the official baseline (45.21%).      
### 17.Networks obtained by Implicit-Explicit Method: Discrete-time distributed median solver  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09899.pdf)
>  In the purpose of making the consensus algorithm robust to outliers, consensus on the median value has recently attracted some attention. It has its applicability in for instance constructing a resilient distributed state estimator. Meanwhile, most of the existing works consider continuous-time algorithms and uses high-gain and discontinuous vector fields. This issues a problem of the need for smaller time steps and yielding chattering when discretizing by explicit method for its practical use. Thus, in this paper, we highlight that these issues vanish when we utilize instead Implicit-Explicit Method, for a broader class of networks designed by the blended dynamics approach. In particular, for undirected and connected graphs, we propose a discrete-time distributed median solver that does not suffer from chattering. We also verify by simulation that it has a smaller iteration number required to arrive at a steady-state.      
### 18.LEO Satellite Constellations for 5G and Beyond: How Will They Reshape Vertical Domains?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09897.pdf)
>  The rapid development of communication technologies in the past decades has provided immense vertical opportunities for individuals and enterprises. However, conventional terrestrial cellular networks have unfortunately neglected the huge geographical digital divide, since high bandwidth wireless coverage is concentrated to urban areas. To meet the goal of ``connecting the unconnected'', integrating low Earth orbit (LEO) satellites with the terrestrial cellular networks has been widely considered as a promising solution. In this article, we first introduce the development roadmap of LEO satellite constellations (SatCons), including early attempts in LEO satellites with the emerging LEO constellations. Further, we discuss the unique opportunities of employing LEO SatCons for the delivery of integrating 5G networks. Specifically, we present their key performance indicators, which offer important guidelines for the design of associated enabling techniques, and then discuss the potential impact of integrating LEO SatCons with typical 5G use cases, where we engrave our vision of various vertical domains reshaped by LEO SatCons. Technical challenges are finally provided to specify future research directions.      
### 19.ICINet: ICI-Aware Neural Network Based Channel Estimation for Rapidly Time-Varying OFDM Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09891.pdf)
>  A novel intercarrier interference (ICI)-aware orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) channel estimation network ICINet is presented for rapidly time-varying channels. ICINet consists of two components: a preprocessing deep neural subnetwork (PreDNN) and a cascaded residual learning-based neural subnetwork (CasResNet). By fully taking into account the impact of ICI, the proposed PreDNN first refines the initial channel estimates in a subcarrier-wise fashion. In addition, the CasResNet is designed to further enhance the estimation accuracy. The proposed cascaded network is compatible with any pilot patterns and robust against mismatched system configurations. Simulation results verify the superiority of ICINet over existing networks in terms of better performance and much less complexity.      
### 20.An Improved Single Step Non-autoregressive Transformer for Automatic Speech Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09885.pdf)
>  Non-autoregressive mechanisms can significantly decrease inference time for speech transformers, especially when the single step variant is applied. Previous work on CTC alignment-based single step non-autoregressive transformer (CASS-NAT) has shown a large real time factor (RTF) improvement over autoregressive transformers (AT). In this work, we propose several methods to improve the accuracy of the end-to-end CASS-NAT, followed by performance analyses. First, convolution augmented self-attention blocks are applied to both the encoder and decoder modules. Second, we propose to expand the trigger mask (acoustic boundary) for each token to increase the robustness of CTC alignments. In addition, iterated loss functions are used to enhance the gradient update of low-layer parameters. Without using an external language model, the WERs of the improved CASS-NAT, when using the three methods, are 3.1%/7.2% on Librispeech test clean/other sets and the CER is 5.4% on the Aishell1 test set, achieving a 7%~21% relative WER/CER improvement. For the analyses, we plot attention weight distributions in the decoders to visualize the relationships between token-level acoustic embeddings. When the acoustic embeddings are visualized, we find that they have a similar behavior to word embeddings, which explains why the improved CASS-NAT performs similarly to AT.      
### 21.AI-Enabled Ultra-Low-Dose CT Reconstruction  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09834.pdf)
>  By the ALARA (As Low As Reasonably Achievable) principle, ultra-low-dose CT reconstruction is a holy grail to minimize cancer risks and genetic damages, especially for children. With the development of medical CT technologies, the iterative algorithms are widely used to reconstruct decent CT images from a low-dose scan. Recently, artificial intelligence (AI) techniques have shown a great promise in further reducing CT radiation dose to the next level. In this paper, we demonstrate that AI-powered CT reconstruction offers diagnostic image quality at an ultra-low-dose level comparable to that of radiography. Specifically, here we develop a Split Unrolled Grid-like Alternative Reconstruction (SUGAR) network, in which deep learning, physical modeling and image prior are integrated. The reconstruction results from clinical datasets show that excellent images can be reconstructed using SUGAR from 36 projections. This approach has a potential to change future healthcare.      
### 22.Hybrid graph convolutional neural networks for landmark-based anatomical segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09832.pdf)
>  In this work we address the problem of landmark-based segmentation for anatomical structures. We propose HybridGNet, an encoder-decoder neural architecture which combines standard convolutions for image feature encoding, with graph convolutional neural networks to decode plausible representations of anatomical structures. We benchmark the proposed architecture considering other standard landmark and pixel-based models for anatomical segmentation in chest x-ray images, and found that HybridGNet is more robust to image occlusions. We also show that it can be used to construct landmark-based segmentations from pixel level annotations. Our experimental results suggest that HybridGNet produces accurate and anatomically plausible landmark-based segmentations, by naturally incorporating shape constraints within the decoding process via spectral convolutions.      
### 23.Intrusion Detection and Localization for Networked Embedded Control Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09826.pdf)
>  Closed-loop control systems employ continuous sensing and actuation to maintain controlled variables within preset bounds and achieve the desired system output. Intentional disturbances in the system, such as in the case of cyberattacks, can compromise reachability of control goals, and in several cases jeopardize safety. The increasing connectivity and exposure of networked control to external networks has enabled attackers to compromise these systems by exploiting security vulnerabilities. Attacks against safety-critical control loops can not only drive the system over a trajectory different from the desired, but also cause fatal consequences to humans. In this paper we present a physics-based Intrusion Detection System (IDS) aimed at increasing the security in control systems. In addition to conventional process state estimation for intrusion detection, since the controller cannot be trusted, we introduce a controller state estimator. Additionally, we make our detector context-aware by utilizing sensor measurements from other control loops, which allows to distinguish and characterize disturbances from attacks. We introduce adaptive thresholding and adaptive filtering as means to achieve context-awareness. Together, these methodologies allow detection and localization of attacks in closed-loop controls. Finally, we demonstrate feasibility of the approach by mounting a series of attacks against a networked Direct Current (DC) motor closed-loop speed control deployed on an ECU testbed, as well as on a simulated automated lane keeping system. Among other application domains, this set of approaches is key to support security in automotive systems, and ultimately increase road and passenger safety.      
### 24.On Use of the Moore-Penrose Pseudoinverse for Evaluating the RGA of Non-Square Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09766.pdf)
>  A recently-derived alternative method for computing the relative gain array (RGA) for singular and/or non-square systems has been proposed that provably guarantees unit invariance. This property is not offered by the conventional method that uses the Moore-Penrose (MP) pseudoinverse. In this paper we note that the absence of the scale-invariance property by the conventional MP-RGA does not necessarily imply a practical disadvantage in real-world applications. In other words, while it is true that performance of a controller should not depend on the choice of units on its input and output variables, this does not {\em necessarily} imply that the resulting MP-RGA measures of component interaction lead to different controller-design input-output pairings. In this paper we consider the application of the MP-RGA to a realistic system (a Sakai fractional distillation system) to assess whether or not the choice of unit, which in this case relates to temperature, affects the choice of input-output pairings determined by the resulting RGA matrix. Our results show that it does, thus confirming that unit-sensitivity of the MP-RGA undermines its rigorous use for MIMO controller design.      
### 25.Multi-mode Transformer Transducer with Stochastic Future Context  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09760.pdf)
>  Automatic speech recognition (ASR) models make fewer errors when more surrounding speech information is presented as context. Unfortunately, acquiring a larger future context leads to higher latency. There exists an inevitable trade-off between speed and accuracy. Naively, to fit different latency requirements, people have to store multiple models and pick the best one under the constraints. Instead, a more desirable approach is to have a single model that can dynamically adjust its latency based on different constraints, which we refer to as Multi-mode ASR. A Multi-mode ASR model can fulfill various latency requirements during inference -- when a larger latency becomes acceptable, the model can process longer future context to achieve higher accuracy and when a latency budget is not flexible, the model can be less dependent on future context but still achieve reliable accuracy. In pursuit of Multi-mode ASR, we propose Stochastic Future Context, a simple training procedure that samples one streaming configuration in each iteration. Through extensive experiments on AISHELL-1 and LibriSpeech datasets, we show that a Multi-mode ASR model rivals, if not surpasses, a set of competitive streaming baselines trained with different latency budgets.      
### 26.Synthetic COVID-19 Chest X-ray Dataset for Computer-Aided Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09759.pdf)
>  We introduce a new dataset called Synthetic COVID-19 Chest X-ray Dataset for training machine learning models. The dataset consists of 21,295 synthetic COVID-19 chest X-ray images to be used for computer-aided diagnosis. These images, generated via an unsupervised domain adaptation approach, are of high quality. We find that the synthetic images not only improve performance of various deep learning architectures when used as additional training data under heavy imbalance conditions, but also detect the target class with high confidence. We also find that comparable performance can also be achieved when trained only on synthetic images. Further, salient features of the synthetic COVID-19 images indicate that the distribution is significantly different from Non-COVID-19 classes, enabling a proper decision boundary. We hope the availability of such high fidelity chest X-ray images of COVID-19 will encourage advances in the development of diagnostic and/or management tools.      
### 27.Fusion of Embeddings Networks for Robust Combination of Text Dependent and Independent Speaker Recognition  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10169.pdf)
>  By implicitly recognizing a user based on his/her speech input, speaker identification enables many downstream applications, such as personalized system behavior and expedited shopping checkouts. Based on whether the speech content is constrained or not, both text-dependent (TD) and text-independent (TI) speaker recognition models may be used. We wish to combine the advantages of both types of models through an ensemble system to make more reliable predictions. However, any such combined approach has to be robust to incomplete inputs, i.e., when either TD or TI input is missing. As a solution we propose a fusion of embeddings network foenet architecture, combining joint learning with neural attention. We compare foenet with four competitive baseline methods on a dataset of voice assistant inputs, and show that it achieves higher accuracy than the baseline and score fusion methods, especially in the presence of incomplete inputs.      
### 28.Under the Sand: Navigation and Localization of a Small Unmanned Aerial Vehicle for Landmine Detection with Ground Penetrating Synthetic Aperture Radar  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10108.pdf)
>  Ground penetrating radar mounted on a small unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is a promising tool to assist humanitarian landmine clearance. However, the quality of synthetic aperture radar images depends on accurate and precise motion estimation of the radar antennas as well as generating informative viewpoints with the UAV. This paper presents a complete and automatic airborne ground-penetrating synthetic aperture radar (GPSAR) system. The system consists of a spatially calibrated and temporally synchronized industrial grade sensor suite that enables navigation above ground level, radar imaging, and optical imaging. A custom mission planning framework allows generation and automatic execution of stripmap and circular GPSAR trajectories controlled above ground level as well as aerial imaging survey flights. A factor graph based state estimator fuses measurements from dual receiver real-time kinematic (RTK) global navigation satellite system (GNSS) and an inertial measurement unit (IMU) to obtain precise, high rate platform positions and orientations. Ground truth experiments showed sensor timing as accurate as 0.8 {\mu}s and as precise as 0.1 {\mu}s with localization rates of 1 kHz. The dual position factor formulation improves online localization accuracy up to 40 % and batch localization accuracy up to 59 % compared to a single position factor with uncertain heading initialization. Our field trials validated a localization accuracy and precision that enables coherent radar measurement addition and detection of radar targets buried in sand. This validates the potential as an aerial landmine detection system.      
### 29.Light Pollution Reduction in Nighttime Photography  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10046.pdf)
>  Nighttime photographers are often troubled by light pollution of unwanted artificial lights. Artificial lights, after scattered by aerosols in the atmosphere, can inundate the starlight and degrade the quality of nighttime images, by reducing contrast and dynamic range and causing hazes. In this paper we develop a physically-based light pollution reduction (LPR) algorithm that can substantially alleviate the aforementioned degradations of perceptual quality and restore the pristine state of night sky. The key to the success of the proposed LPR algorithm is an inverse method to estimate the spatial radiance distribution and spectral signature of ground artificial lights. Extensive experiments are carried out to evaluate the efficacy and limitations of the LPR algorithm.      
### 30.Synchronising speech segments with musical beats in Mandarin and English singing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10045.pdf)
>  Generating synthesised singing voice with models trained on speech data has many advantages due to the models' flexibility and controllability. However, since the information about the temporal relationship between segments and beats are lacking in speech training data, the synthesised singing may sound off-beat at times. Therefore, the availability of the information on the temporal relationship between speech segments and music beats is crucial. The current study investigated the segment-beat synchronisation in singing data, with hypotheses formed based on the linguistics theories of P-centre and sonority hierarchy. A Mandarin corpus and an English corpus of professional singing data were manually annotated and analysed. The results showed that the presence of musical beats was more dependent on segment duration than sonority. However, the sonority hierarchy and the P-centre theory were highly related to the location of beats. Mandarin and English demonstrated cross-linguistic variations despite exhibiting common patterns.      
### 31.Performance Analysis of Synergetic UAV-RIS Communication Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10034.pdf)
>  The effective integration of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) in future wireless communication systems depends on the conscious use of their limited energy, which constrains their flight time. Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) can be used in combination with UAVs with the aim to improve the communication performance without increasing complexity at the UAVs' side. In this paper, we propose a synergetic UAV-RIS communication system, utilizing a UAV with a directional antenna aiming to the RIS. Also, we present the link budget analysis and closed-form expressions for the outage probability as well as for an important second order statistical parameter of the proposed synergetic UAV-RIS communication system, the average outage duration. Finally, numerical results illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed synergetic system.      
### 32.Zero-Shot Federated Learning with New Classes for Audio Classification  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10019.pdf)
>  Federated learning is an effective way of extracting insights from different user devices while preserving the privacy of users. However, new classes with completely unseen data distributions can stream across any device in a federated learning setting, whose data cannot be accessed by the global server or other users. To this end, we propose a unified zero-shot framework to handle these aforementioned challenges during federated learning. We simulate two scenarios here -- 1) when the new class labels are not reported by the user, the traditional FL setting is used; 2) when new class labels are reported by the user, we synthesize Anonymized Data Impressions by calculating class similarity matrices corresponding to each device's new classes followed by unsupervised clustering to distinguish between new classes across different users. Moreover, our proposed framework can also handle statistical heterogeneities in both labels and models across the participating users. We empirically evaluate our framework on-device across different communication rounds (FL iterations) with new classes in both local and global updates, along with heterogeneous labels and models, on two widely used audio classification applications -- keyword spotting and urban sound classification, and observe an average deterministic accuracy increase of ~4.041% and ~4.258% respectively.      
### 33.Improving Performance of Seen and Unseen Speech Style Transfer in End-to-end Neural TTS  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.10003.pdf)
>  End-to-end neural TTS training has shown improved performance in speech style transfer. However, the improvement is still limited by the training data in both target styles and speakers. Inadequate style transfer performance occurs when the trained TTS tries to transfer the speech to a target style from a new speaker with an unknown, arbitrary style. In this paper, we propose a new approach to style transfer for both seen and unseen styles, with disjoint, multi-style datasets, i.e., datasets of different styles are recorded, each individual style is by one speaker with multiple utterances. To encode the style information, we adopt an inverse autoregressive flow (IAF) structure to improve the variational inference. The whole system is optimized to minimize a weighed sum of four different loss functions: 1) a reconstruction loss to measure the distortions in both source and target reconstructions; 2) an adversarial loss to "fool" a well-trained discriminator; 3) a style distortion loss to measure the expected style loss after the transfer; 4) a cycle consistency loss to preserve the speaker identity of the source after the transfer. Experiments demonstrate, both objectively and subjectively, the effectiveness of the proposed approach for seen and unseen style transfer tasks. The performance of the new approach is better and more robust than those of four baseline systems of the prior art.      
### 34.Sparse Linear Spectral Unmixing of Hyperspectral images using Expectation-Propagation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09985.pdf)
>  This paper presents a novel Bayesian approach for hyperspectral image unmixing. The observed pixels are modeled by a linear combination of material signatures weighted by their corresponding abundances. A spike-and-slab abundance prior is adopted to promote sparse mixtures and an Ising prior model is used to capture spatial correlation of the mixture support across pixels. We approximate the posterior distribution of the abundances using the expectation-propagation (EP) method. We show that it can significantly reduce the computational complexity of the unmixing stage and meanwhile provide uncertainty measures, compared to expensive Monte Carlo strategies traditionally considered for uncertainty quantification. Moreover, many variational parameters within each EP factor can be updated in a parallel manner, which enables mapping of efficient algorithmic architectures based on graphics processing units (GPU). Under the same approximate Bayesian framework, we then extend the proposed algorithm to semi-supervised unmixing, whereby the abundances are viewed as latent variables and the expectation-maximization (EM) algorithm is used to refine the endmember matrix. Experimental results on synthetic data and real hyperspectral data illustrate the benefits of the proposed framework over state-of-art linear unmixing methods.      
### 35.Labelling Drifts in a Fault Detection System for Wind Turbine Maintenance  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09951.pdf)
>  A failure detection system is the first step towards predictive maintenance strategies. A popular data-driven method to detect incipient failures and anomalies is the training of normal behaviour models by applying a machine learning technique like feed-forward neural networks (FFNN) or extreme learning machines (ELM). However, the performance of any of these modelling techniques can be deteriorated by the unexpected rise of non-stationarities in the dynamic environment in which industrial assets operate. This unpredictable statistical change in the measured variable is known as concept drift. In this article a wind turbine maintenance case is presented, where non-stationarities of various kinds can happen unexpectedly. Such concept drift events are desired to be detected by means of statistical detectors and window-based approaches. However, in real complex systems, concept drifts are not as clear and evident as in artificially generated datasets. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of current drift detectors and also to design an appropriate novel technique for this specific industrial application, it is essential to dispose beforehand of a characterization of the existent drifts. Under the lack of information in this regard, a methodology for labelling concept drift events in the lifetime of wind turbines is proposed. This methodology will facilitate the creation of a drift database that will serve both as a training ground for concept drift detectors and as a valuable information to enhance the knowledge about maintenance of complex systems.      
### 36.Realizing Neural Decoder at the Edge with Ensembled BNN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09925.pdf)
>  In this work, we propose extreme compression techniques like binarization, ternarization for Neural Decoders such as TurboAE. These methods reduce memory and computation by a factor of 64 with a performance better than the quantized (with 1-bit or 2-bits) Neural Decoders. However, because of the limited representation capability of the Binary and Ternary networks, the performance is not as good as the real-valued decoder. To fill this gap, we further propose to ensemble 4 such weak performers to deploy in the edge to achieve a performance similar to the real-valued network. These ensemble decoders give 16 and 64 times saving in memory and computation respectively and help to achieve performance similar to real-valued TurboAE.      
### 37.Message Passing in Graph Convolution Networks via Adaptive Filter Banks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09910.pdf)
>  Graph convolution networks, like message passing graph convolution networks (MPGCNs), have been a powerful tool in representation learning of networked data. However, when data is heterogeneous, most architectures are limited as they employ a single strategy to handle multi-channel graph signals and they typically focus on low-frequency information. In this paper, we present a novel graph convolution operator, termed BankGCN, which keeps benefits of message passing models, but extends their capabilities beyond `low-pass' features. It decomposes multi-channel signals on graphs into subspaces and handles particular information in each subspace with an adapted filter. The filters of all subspaces have different frequency responses and together form a filter bank. Furthermore, each filter in the spectral domain corresponds to a message passing scheme, and diverse schemes are implemented via the filter bank. Importantly, the filter bank and the signal decomposition are jointly learned to adapt to the spectral characteristics of data and to target applications. Furthermore, this is implemented almost without extra parameters in comparison with most existing MPGCNs. Experimental results show that the proposed convolution operator permits to achieve excellent performance in graph classification on a collection of benchmark graph datasets.      
### 38.Light Lies: Optical Adversarial Attack  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09908.pdf)
>  A significant amount of work has been done on adversarial attacks that inject imperceptible noise to images to deteriorate the image classification performance of deep models. However, most of the existing studies consider attacks in the digital (pixel) domain where an image acquired by an image sensor with sampling and quantization has been recorded. This paper, for the first time, introduces an optical adversarial attack, which physically alters the light field information arriving at the image sensor so that the classification model yields misclassification. More specifically, we modulate the phase of the light in the Fourier domain using a spatial light modulator placed in the photographic system. The operative parameters of the modulator are obtained by gradient-based optimization to maximize cross-entropy and minimize distortions. We present experiments based on both simulation and a real hardware optical system, from which the feasibility of the proposed optical attack is demonstrated. It is also verified that the proposed attack is completely different from common optical-domain distortions such as spherical aberration, defocus, and astigmatism in terms of both perturbation patterns and classification results.      
### 39.Future Ultra-Dense LEO Satellite Networks: A Cell-Free Massive MIMO Approach  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09837.pdf)
>  Low Earth orbit (LEO) satellite networks (SatNets) are envisioned to play a crucial role in providing global and ubiquitous connectivity efficiently. Accordingly, in the coming years, thousands of LEO satellites will be launched to create ultradense LEO mega-constellations, and the Third Generation Partnership Project (3GPP) is working on evolving fifth-generation (5G) systems to support such non-terrestrial networks (NTN). However, many challenges are associated with the deployment of LEOs from communications and networking perspectives. In this paper, we propose a novel cell-free massive multiple-input multiple-output (CF-mMIMO) based architecture for future ultra-dense LEO SatNets. We discuss various aspects of network design, such as duplexing mode, pilot assignment, beamforming, and handover management. In addition, we propose a joint optimization framework for the power allocation and handover management processes to maximize the network throughput and minimize the handover rate while ensuring quality-of-service (QoS) satisfaction for users. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to introduce and study CF-mMIMO-based LEO SatNets. Extensive simulation results demonstrate the superior performance of the proposed architecture and solutions compared to those of conventional single-satellite connectivity and handover techniques from the literature.      
### 40.On Effects of Compression with Hyperdimensional Computing in Distributed Randomized Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09831.pdf)
>  A change of the prevalent supervised learning techniques is foreseeable in the near future: from the complex, computational expensive algorithms to more flexible and elementary training ones. The strong revitalization of randomized algorithms can be framed in this prospect steering. We recently proposed a model for distributed classification based on randomized neural networks and hyperdimensional computing, which takes into account cost of information exchange between agents using compression. The use of compression is important as it addresses the issues related to the communication bottleneck, however, the original approach is rigid in the way the compression is used. Therefore, in this work, we propose a more flexible approach to compression and compare it to conventional compression algorithms, dimensionality reduction, and quantization techniques.      
### 41.PixInWav: Residual Steganography for Hiding Pixels in Audio  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09814.pdf)
>  Steganography comprises the mechanics of hiding data in a host media that may be publicly available. While previous works focused on unimodal setups (e.g., hiding images in images, or hiding audio in audio), PixInWav targets the multimodal case of hiding images in audio. To this end, we propose a novel residual architecture operating on top of short-time discrete cosine transform (STDCT) audio spectrograms. Among our results, we find that the residual audio steganography setup we propose allows independent encoding of the hidden image from the host audio without compromising quality. Accordingly, while previous works require both host and hidden signals to hide a signal, PixInWav can encode images offline -- which can be later hidden, in a residual fashion, into any audio signal. Finally, we test our scheme in a lab setting to transmit images over airwaves from a loudspeaker to a microphone verifying our theoretical insights and obtaining promising results.      
### 42.Topological Indoor Mapping through WiFi Signals  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09789.pdf)
>  The ubiquitous presence of WiFi access points and mobile devices capable of measuring WiFi signal strengths allow for real-world applications in indoor localization and mapping. In particular, no additional infrastructure is required. Previous approaches in this field were, however, often hindered by problems such as effortful map-building processes, changing environments and hardware differences. We tackle these problems focussing on topological maps. These represent discrete locations, such as rooms, and their relations, e.g., distances and transition frequencies. In our unsupervised method, we employ WiFi signal strength distributions, dimension reduction and clustering. It can be used in settings where users carry mobile devices and follow their normal routine. We aim for applications in short-lived indoor events such as conferences.      
### 43.Is Channel Estimation Necessary to Select Phase-Shifts for RIS-Assisted Massive MIMO?  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09770.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) have attracted great attention as a potential beyond 5G technology. These surfaces consist of many passive elements of metamaterials whose impedance can be controllable to change the characteristics of wireless signals impinging on them. Channel estimation is a critical task when it comes to the control of a large RIS when having a channel with a large number of multipath components. In this paper, we propose novel channel estimation schemes for different RIS-assisted massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) configurations. The proposed methods exploit spatial correlation characteristics at both the base station and the planar RISs, and other statistical characteristics of multi-specular fading in a mobile environment. Moreover, a novel heuristic for phase-shift selection at the RISs is developed. For the RIS-assisted massive MIMO, a new receive combining method and a fixed-point algorithm, which solves the max-min fairness power control optimally, are proposed. Simulation results demonstrate that the proposed uplink RIS-aided framework improves the spectral efficiency of the cell-edge mobile user equipments substantially in comparison to a conventional single-cell massive MIMO system. The impact of several channel effects are studied to gain insight about which RIS configuration is preferable and when the channel estimation is necessary to boost the spectral efficiency.      
### 44.Machining Cycle Time Prediction: Data-driven Modelling of Machine Tool Feedrate Behavior with Neural Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2106.09719.pdf)
>  Accurate prediction of machining cycle times is important in the manufacturing industry. Usually, Computer Aided Manufacturing (CAM) software estimates the machining times using the commanded feedrate from the toolpath file using basic kinematic settings. Typically, the methods do not account for toolpath geometry or toolpath tolerance and therefore under estimate the machining cycle times considerably. Removing the need for machine specific knowledge, this paper presents a data-driven feedrate and machining cycle time prediction method by building a neural network model for each machine tool axis. In this study, datasets composed of the commanded feedrate, nominal acceleration, toolpath geometry and the measured feedrate were used to train a neural network model. Validation trials using a representative industrial thin wall structure component on a commercial machining centre showed that this method estimated the machining time with more than 90% accuracy. This method showed that neural network models have the capability to learn the behavior of a complex machine tool system and predict cycle times. Further integration of the methods will be critical in the implantation of digital twins in Industry 4.0.      
