# ArXiv eess --Thu, 9 Jun 2022
### 1.Robust Semantic Communications with Masked VQ-VAE Enabled Codebook  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04011.pdf)
>  Although semantic communications have exhibited satisfactory performance for a large number of tasks, the impact of semantic noise and the robustness of the systems have not been well investigated. Semantic noise refers to the misleading between the intended semantic symbols and received ones, thus cause the failure of tasks. In this paper, we first propose a framework for the robust end-to-end semantic communication systems to combat the semantic noise. In particular, we analyze sample-dependent and sample-independent semantic noise. To combat the semantic noise, the adversarial training with weight perturbation is developed to incorporate the samples with semantic noise in the training dataset. Then, we propose to mask a portion of the input, where the semantic noise appears frequently, and design the masked vector quantized-variational autoencoder (VQ-VAE) with the noise-related masking strategy. We use a discrete codebook shared by the transmitter and the receiver for encoded feature representation. To further improve the system robustness, we develop a feature importance module (FIM) to suppress the noise-related and task-unrelated features. Thus, the transmitter simply needs to transmit the indices of these important task-related features in the codebook. Simulation results show that the proposed method can be applied in many downstream tasks and significantly improve the robustness against semantic noise with remarkable reduction on the transmission overhead.      
### 2.A High Resolution Optimum 2D Coprime Planar Array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03994.pdf)
>  Designing a new class of rectangular two-dimensional sparse array to enhance the signal resolving capabilities with a limited number of sensors has always been a challenge. We explore the non-uniformity of the sparse arrays to enhance the Degrees of Freedom (DOF) by considering the under-determined cases using the concept of the virtual array. In this paper, we propose a two-dimensional novel sparse array configurations to estimate both azimuth and elevation angle of arrival of the signal. We propose a new class of rectangular two-dimensional arrays with sensors on a plane, whose difference co-array can give rise to a virtual two-dimensional planar array with a much larger number of elements, leading to an increase in the fully augmentable range of the array. The difference co-array of the proposed rectangular array gives a contiguous dense structure which leads to a reduction in holes within the planar array as compared to the traditional methods of CPA geometry in which there are many holes present in the outer dimension of the array structure as well as within the array as well. Moreover, we know that the angular resolution of an array is highly dependent on its beamwidth which itself is inversely proportional to array size or effective array aperture. Hence by increasing the array dimension a higher resolution can be achieved. The proposed arrays provide a higher DOF for the given number of physical sensors. Optimization is performed on the proposed geometry to maximize the directivity in the array steering look-up direction by suppressing the sidelobe levels to a greater extent.      
### 3.Structure-Preserving Model Order Reduction for Index Two Port-Hamiltonian Descriptor Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03942.pdf)
>  We present a new optimization-based structure-preserving model order reduction (MOR) method for port-Hamiltonian descriptor systems (pH-DAEs) with differentiation index two. Our method is based on a novel parameterization that allows us to represent any linear time-invariant pH-DAE with a minimal number of parameters, which makes it well-suited to model reduction. We propose two algorithms which directly optimize the parameters of a reduced model to approximate a given large-scale model with respect to either the H-infinity or the H-2 norm. This approach has several benefits. Our parameterization ensures that the reduced model is again a pH-DAE system and enables a compact representation of the algebraic part of the large-scale model, which in projection-based methods often requires a more involved treatment. The direct optimization is entirely based on transfer function evaluations of the large-scale model and is therefore independent of the system matrices' structure. Numerical experiments are conducted to illustrate the high accuracy and small reduced model orders in comparison to other structure-preserving MOR methods.      
### 4.Linear Precoder Design in Massive MIMO under Realistic Power Amplifier Consumption Constraint  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03936.pdf)
>  The energy consumption of wireless networks is a growing concern. In massive MIMO systems, which are being increasingly deployed as part of the 5G roll-out, the power amplifiers in the base stations have a large impact in terms of power demands. Most of the current massive MIMO precoders are designed to minimize the transmit power. However, the efficiency of the power amplifiers depend on their operating regime with respect to their saturation regime, and the consumed power proves to be non-linearly related to the transmit power. Power consumption-based equivalents of maximum ratio transmission, zero-forcing, and regularized zero-forcing precoders are therefore proposed. We show how the structure of the solutions radically changes. While all antennas should be active in order to minimize the transmit power, we find on the contrary that a smaller number of antennas should be activated if the objective is the power consumed by the power amplifiers.      
### 5.Dual-Distribution Discrepancy for Anomaly Detection in Chest X-Rays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03935.pdf)
>  Chest X-ray (CXR) is the most typical radiological exam for diagnosis of various diseases. Due to the expensive and time-consuming annotations, detecting anomalies in CXRs in an unsupervised fashion is very promising. However, almost all of the existing methods consider anomaly detection as a One-Class Classification (OCC) problem. They model the distribution of only known normal images during training and identify the samples not conforming to normal profile as anomalies in the testing phase. A large number of unlabeled images containing anomalies are thus ignored in the training phase, although they are easy to obtain in clinical practice. In this paper, we propose a novel strategy, Dual-distribution Discrepancy for Anomaly Detection (DDAD), utilizing both known normal images and unlabeled images. The proposed method consists of two modules, denoted as A and B. During training, module A takes both known normal and unlabeled images as inputs, capturing anomalous features from unlabeled images in some way, while module B models the distribution of only known normal images. Subsequently, the inter-discrepancy between modules A and B, and intra-discrepancy inside module B are designed as anomaly scores to indicate anomalies. Experiments on three CXR datasets demonstrate that the proposed DDAD achieves consistent, significant gains and outperforms state-of-the-art methods. Code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/caiyu6666/DDAD" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 6.Volumetric Image Projection Super-Resolution Ultrasound (VIP-SR) with a 1D Unfocused Linear Array  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03912.pdf)
>  Super-Resolution Ultrasound (SRUS) through localizing spatially isolated microbubbles has been demonstrated to overcome the wave diffraction limit and reveal the microvascular structure and flow information at the microscopic scale. However, 3D SRUS imaging remains a challenge due to the fabrication and computational complexity of 2D matrix array probes and connections. Inspired by X-ray radiography which can present volumetric information in a single projection image with much simpler hardware than X-ray CT, this study investigates the feasibility of volumetric image projection super-resolution (VIP-SR) ultrasound using a 1D unfocused linear array. Both simulation and experiments were conducted on 3D microvessel phantoms using a 1D linear array with or without an elevational focus, and a 2D matrix array as the reference. Results show that, VIP-SR, using an unfocused 1D array probe can capture significantly more volumetric information than the conventional 1D elevational focused probe. Compared with the 2D projection image of the full 3D SRUS results using the 2D array probe with the same aperture size, VIP-SR has similar volumetric coverage using 32 folds less independent elements. The impact of bubble concentration and vascular density on the VIP-SR US was also investigated. This study demonstrates the ability of high-resolution volumetric imaging of microvascular structures at significantly reduced costs with VIP-SR.      
### 7.Unsupervised Deformable Image Registration with Absent Correspondences in Pre-operative and Post-Recurrence Brain Tumor MRI Scans  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03900.pdf)
>  Registration of pre-operative and post-recurrence brain images is often needed to evaluate the effectiveness of brain gliomas treatment. While recent deep learning-based deformable registration methods have achieved remarkable success with healthy brain images, most of them would be unable to accurately align images with pathologies due to the absent correspondences in the reference image. In this paper, we propose a deep learning-based deformable registration method that jointly estimates regions with absent correspondence and bidirectional deformation fields. A forward-backward consistency constraint is used to aid in the localization of the resection and recurrence region from voxels with absence correspondences in the two images. Results on 3D clinical data from the BraTS-Reg challenge demonstrate our method can improve image alignment compared to traditional and deep learning-based registration approaches with or without cost function masking strategy. The source code is available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/cwmok/DIRAC" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 8.On the Integration of Acoustics and LiDAR: a Multi-Modal Approach to Acoustic Reflector Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03885.pdf)
>  Having knowledge on the room acoustic properties, e.g., the location of acoustic reflectors, allows to better reproduce the sound field as intended. Current state-of-the-art methods for room boundary detection using microphone measurements typically focus on a two-dimensional setting, causing a model mismatch when employed in real-life scenarios. Detection of arbitrary reflectors in three dimensions encounters practical limitations, e.g., the need for a spherical array and the increased computational complexity. Moreover, loudspeakers may not have an omnidirectional directivity pattern, as usually assumed in the literature, making the detection of acoustic reflectors in some directions more challenging. In the proposed method, a LiDAR sensor is added to a loudspeaker to improve wall detection accuracy and robustness. This is done in two ways. First, the model mismatch introduced by horizontal reflectors can be resolved by detecting reflectors with the LiDAR sensor to enable elimination of their detrimental influence from the 2D problem in pre-processing. Second, a LiDAR-based method is proposed to compensate for the challenging directions where the directive loudspeaker emits little energy. We show via simulations that this multi-modal approach, i.e., combining microphone and LiDAR sensors, improves the robustness and accuracy of wall detection.      
### 9.Low-complexity acoustic scene classification in DCASE 2022 Challenge  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03835.pdf)
>  This paper analyzes the outcome of the Low-Complexity Acoustic Scene Classification task in DCASE 2022 Challenge. The task is a continuation from the previous years. In this edition, the requirement for low-complexity solutions were modified including: a limit of 128 K on the number of parameters, including the zero-valued ones, imposed INT8 numerical format, and a limit of 30 million multiply-accumulate operations at inference time. The provided baseline system is a convolutional neural network which employs post-training quantization of parameters, resulting in 46512 parameters, and 29.23 million multiply-and-accumulate operations, well under the set limits of 128K and 30 million, respectively. The baseline system has a 42.9% accuracy and a log-loss of 1.575 on the development data consisting of audio from 9 different devices. An analysis of the submitted systems will be provided after the challenge deadline.      
### 10.Generative Myocardial Motion Tracking via Latent Space Exploration with Biomechanics-informed Prior  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03830.pdf)
>  Myocardial motion and deformation are rich descriptors that characterize cardiac function. Image registration, as the most commonly used technique for myocardial motion tracking, is an ill-posed inverse problem which often requires prior assumptions on the solution space. In contrast to most existing approaches which impose explicit generic regularization such as smoothness, in this work we propose a novel method that can implicitly learn an application-specific biomechanics-informed prior and embed it into a neural network-parameterized transformation model. Particularly, the proposed method leverages a variational autoencoder-based generative model to learn a manifold for biomechanically plausible deformations. The motion tracking then can be performed via traversing the learnt manifold to search for the optimal transformations while considering the sequence information. The proposed method is validated on three public cardiac cine MRI datasets with comprehensive evaluations. The results demonstrate that the proposed method can outperform other approaches, yielding higher motion tracking accuracy with reasonable volume preservation and better generalizability to varying data distributions. It also enables better estimates of myocardial strains, which indicates the potential of the method in characterizing spatiotemporal signatures for understanding cardiovascular diseases.      
### 11.Dual Windows Are Significant: Learning from Mediastinal Window and Focusing on Lung Window  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03803.pdf)
>  Since the pandemic of COVID-19, several deep learning methods were proposed to analyze the chest Computed Tomography (CT) for diagnosis. In the current situation, the disease course classification is significant for medical personnel to decide the treatment. Most previous deep-learning-based methods extract features observed from the lung window. However, it has been proved that some appearances related to diagnosis can be observed better from the mediastinal window rather than the lung window, e.g., the pulmonary consolidation happens more in severe symptoms. In this paper, we propose a novel Dual Window RCNN Network (DWRNet), which mainly learns the distinctive features from the successive mediastinal window. Regarding the features extracted from the lung window, we introduce the Lung Window Attention Block (LWA Block) to pay additional attention to them for enhancing the mediastinal-window features. Moreover, instead of picking up specific slices from the whole CT slices, we use a Recurrent CNN and analyze successive slices as videos. Experimental results show that the fused and representative features improve the predictions of disease course by reaching the accuracy of 90.57%, against the baseline with an accuracy of 84.86%. Ablation studies demonstrate that combined dual window features are more efficient than lung-window features alone, while paying attention to lung-window features can improve the model's stability.      
### 12.Motion control with optimal nonlinear damping: from theory to experiment  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03802.pdf)
>  Optimal nonlinear damping control was recently introduced for the second-order systems, showing some advantages in transient performance over the classical PD feedback controller. This paper summarizes the main theoretical developments and properties of the optimal nonlinear damping controller and demonstrates, for the first time, its practical experimental evaluation. An extended analysis and application to the more realistic (than just the double-integrator) motion systems are also given in the theoretical part of the paper. As a comparative linear feedback controller, a PD one with the single parameter tuning of the gain and direct compensation of the plant time constant, is taken. The second, experimental, part of the paper includes the voice-coil drive system with relatively high level of the process and measurement noise, for which the standard linear model is identified in frequency domain. The linear two-parameter model approximation forms the basis for the design of the PD reference controller, that provides a fixed feedback gain, the same as for the optimal nonlinear damping control. A robust sliding-mode based differentiator is used in both controllers for a reliable velocity estimation required for feedback. The reference PD and proposed optimal nonlinear damping controller, both with only one and the same free design parameter, are experimentally compared to each other in reference tracking and disturbance rejection.      
### 13.Integrated Sensing and Communication with Delay Alignment Modulation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03714.pdf)
>  Delay alignment modulation (DAM) has been recently proposed to enable inter-symbol interference (ISI)-free single-carrier (SC) communication without relying on sophisticated channel equalization. The key idea of DAM is to pre-introduce deliberate symbol delays at the transmitter side, so that all multi-path signal components may arrive at the receiver simultaneously and be superimposed constructively, rather than causing the detrimental ISI. Compared to the classic orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) transmission, DAM has several appealing advantages, including low peak-to-average-power ratio (PAPR) and high tolerance for Doppler frequency shift, which makes DAM also appealing for radar sensing. Therefore, in this paper, DAM is investigated for the emerging integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) setup. We first derive the output signal-to-noise ratios (SNRs) for ISI-free communication and radar sensing, respectively, and then propose an efficient beamforming design for DAM-ISAC to maximize the communication SNR while guaranteeing the sensing performance. The comparison analysis of DAM versus OFDM for ISAC is developed, and it is revealed that DAM enables higher sensing SNR and larger Doppler frequency estimation. Simulation results are provided to show the great potential of DAM for ISAC      
### 14.Hypernetwork-based Personalized Federated Learning for Multi-Institutional CT Imaging  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03709.pdf)
>  Computed tomography (CT) is of great importance in clinical practice due to its powerful ability to provide patients' anatomical information without any invasive inspection, but its potential radiation risk is raising people's concerns. Deep learning-based methods are considered promising in CT reconstruction, but these network models are usually trained with the measured data obtained from specific scanning protocol and need to centralizedly collect large amounts of data, which will lead to serious data domain shift, and privacy concerns. To relieve these problems, in this paper, we propose a hypernetwork-based federated learning method for personalized CT imaging, dubbed as HyperFed. The basic assumption of HyperFed is that the optimization problem for each institution can be divided into two parts: the local data adaption problem and the global CT imaging problem, which are implemented by an institution-specific hypernetwork and a global-sharing imaging network, respectively. The purpose of global-sharing imaging network is to learn stable and effective common features from different institutions. The institution-specific hypernetwork is carefully designed to obtain hyperparameters to condition the global-sharing imaging network for personalized local CT reconstruction. Experiments show that HyperFed achieves competitive performance in CT reconstruction compared with several other state-of-the-art methods. It is believed as a promising direction to improve CT imaging quality and achieve personalized demands of different institutions or scanners without privacy data sharing. The codes will be released at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Zi-YuanYang/HyperFed" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 15.Semi-supervised MIMO Detection Using Cycle-consistent Generative Adversarial Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03686.pdf)
>  In this paper, a new semi-supervised deep MIMO detection approach using cycle-consistent generative adversarial network (cycleGAN) is proposed, which performs the detection without any prior knowledge of underlying channel models. Specifically, we propose the cycleGAN detector by constructing a bidirectional loop of least squares generative adversarial networks (LS-GAN). The forward direction of the loop learns to model the transmission process, while the backward direction learns to detect the transmitted signals. By optimizing the cycle-consistency of the transmitted and received signals through this loop, the proposed method is able to train a specific detector block-by-block to fit the operating channel. The training is conducted online, including a supervised phase using the pilots and an unsupervised phase using the received payload data. This semi-supervised training strategy weakens the demand for the scale of labelled training dataset, which is related to the number of pilots, and thus the overhead is effectively reduced. Numerical results show that the proposed semi-blind cycleGAN detector achieves better bit error-rate (BER) performance than existing semi-blind deep learning detection methods as well as conditional linear detectors, especially when nonlinear distortion of the power amplifiers at the transmitter is considered.      
### 16.COVIDx CXR-3: A Large-Scale, Open-Source Benchmark Dataset of Chest X-ray Images for Computer-Aided COVID-19 Diagnostics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03671.pdf)
>  After more than two years since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the pressure of this crisis continues to devastate globally. The use of chest X-ray (CXR) imaging as a complementary screening strategy to RT-PCR testing is not only prevailing but has greatly increased due to its routine clinical use for respiratory complaints. Thus far, many visual perception models have been proposed for COVID-19 screening based on CXR imaging. Nevertheless, the accuracy and the generalization capacity of these models are very much dependent on the diversity and the size of the dataset they were trained on. Motivated by this, we introduce COVIDx CXR-3, a large-scale benchmark dataset of CXR images for supporting COVID-19 computer vision research. COVIDx CXR-3 is composed of 30,386 CXR images from a multinational cohort of 17,026 patients from at least 51 countries, making it, to the best of our knowledge, the most extensive, most diverse COVID-19 CXR dataset in open access form. Here, we provide comprehensive details on the various aspects of the proposed dataset including patient demographics, imaging views, and infection types. The hope is that COVIDx CXR-3 can assist scientists in advancing computer vision research against the COVID-19 pandemic.      
### 17.Event-Triggered Control for Nonlinear Time-Delay Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03640.pdf)
>  This article studies the event-triggered control problem of general nonlinear systems with time delay. A novel event-triggering scheme is presented with two tunable design parameters, based on a Lyapunov functional result for the input-to-state stability of time-delay systems. The proposed event-triggered control algorithm guarantees the resulting closed-loop systems to be globally asymptotically stable, uniformly bounded, and/or globally attractive for different choices of these parameters. Sufficient conditions on the parameters are derived to exclude Zeno behavior. Two illustrative examples are studied to demonstrate our theoretical results.      
### 18.Technical Report (v1.0)--Pseudo-random Cartesian Sampling for Dynamic MRI  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03630.pdf)
>  For an effective application of compressed sensing (CS), which exploits the underlying compressibility of an image, one of the requirements is that the undersampling artifact be incoherent (noise-like) in the sparsifying transform domain. For cardiovascular MRI (CMR), several pseudo-random sampling methods have been proposed that yield a high level of incoherence. In this technical report, we present a collection of five pseudo-random Cartesian sampling methods that can be applied to 2D cine and flow, 3D volumetric cine, and 4D flow imaging. Four out of the five presented methods yield fast computation for on-the-fly generation of the sampling mask, without the need to create and store pre-computed look-up tables. In addition, the sampling distribution is parameterized, providing control over the sampling density. For each sampling method in the report, (i) we briefly describe the methodology, (ii) list default values of the pertinent parameters, and (iii) provide a publicly available MATLAB implementation.      
### 19.A new method incorporating deep learning with shape priors for left ventricular segmentation in myocardial perfusion SPECT images  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03603.pdf)
>  Background: The assessment of left ventricular (LV) function by myocardial perfusion SPECT (MPS) relies on accurate myocardial segmentation. The purpose of this paper is to develop and validate a new method incorporating deep learning with shape priors to accurately extract the LV myocardium for automatic measurement of LV functional parameters. Methods: A segmentation architecture that integrates a three-dimensional (3D) V-Net with a shape deformation module was developed. Using the shape priors generated by a dynamic programming (DP) algorithm, the model output was then constrained and guided during the model training for quick convergence and improved performance. A stratified 5-fold cross-validation was used to train and validate our models. Results: Results of our proposed method agree well with those from the ground truth. Our proposed model achieved a Dice similarity coefficient (DSC) of 0.9573(0.0244), 0.9821(0.0137), and 0.9903(0.0041), a Hausdorff distances (HD) of 6.7529(2.7334) mm, 7.2507(3.1952) mm, and 7.6121(3.0134) mm in extracting the endocardium, myocardium, and epicardium, respectively. Conclusion: Our proposed method achieved a high accuracy in extracting LV myocardial contours and assessing LV function.      
### 20.Restricted Domain Compressive Sensing for Antenna Metrology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03572.pdf)
>  In this paper, we prove a compressive sensing guarantee for restricted measurement domains in spherical near-field to far-field transformations for antenna metrology. We do so by first defining Slepian functions on a measurement sub-domain $R$ of the rotation group $\mathrm{SO}(3)$, the full domain of the linear inverse problem associated with spherical near-field to far-field transformations. Then, we transform the inverse problem from the measurement basis, the bounded orthonormal system of band-limited Wigner $D$-functions on $\mathrm{SO}(3)$, to the Slepian functions in a way that preserves sparsity. Contrasting methods using Wigner $D$-functions that require measurements on all of $\mathrm{SO}(3)$, we show that the orthogonality structure of the Slepian functions only requires measurements on the sub-domain $R$, which is select-able. Due to the particulars of this approach and the inherent presence of Slepian functions with low concentrations on $R$, our approach gives the highest accuracy when the signal under study is well concentrated on $R$. We provide numerical examples of our method in comparison with other classical and compressive sensing approaches. In terms of reconstruction quality, we find that our method outperforms the other compressive sensing approaches we test and is at least as good as classical approaches but with a significant reduction in the number of measurements.      
### 21.Control Barrier Functions and Input-to-State Safety with Application to Automated Vehicles  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03568.pdf)
>  Balancing safety and performance is one of the predominant challenges in modern control system design. Moreover, it is crucial to robustly ensure safety without inducing unnecessary conservativeness that degrades performance. In this work we present a constructive approach for safety-critical control synthesis via Control Barrier Functions (CBF). By filtering a hand-designed controller via a CBF, we are able to attain performant behavior while providing rigorous guarantees of safety. In the face of disturbances, robust safety and performance are simultaneously achieved through the notion of Input-to-State Safety (ISSf). We take a tutorial approach by developing the CBF-design methodology in parallel with an inverted pendulum example, making the challenges and sensitivities in the design process concrete. To establish the capability of the proposed approach, we consider the practical setting of safety-critical design via CBFs for a connected automated vehicle (CAV) in the form of a class-8 truck without a trailer. Through experimentation we see the impact of unmodeled disturbances in the truck's actuation system on the safety guarantees provided by CBFs. We characterize these disturbances and using ISSf, produce a robust controller that achieves safety without conceding performance. We evaluate our design both in simulation, and for the first time on an automotive system, experimentally.      
### 22.A Model-Based Reinforcement Learning Approach for PID Design  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03567.pdf)
>  Proportional-integral-derivative (PID) controller is widely used across various industrial process control applications because of its straightforward implementation. However, it can be challenging to fine-tune the PID parameters in practice to achieve robust performance. The paper proposes a model-based reinforcement learning (RL) framework to design PID controllers leveraging the probabilistic inference for learning control (PILCO) method and Kullback-Leibler divergence (KLD). Since PID controllers have a much more interpretable control structure than a network basis function, an optimal policy given by PILCO is transformed into a set of robust PID tuning parameters for underactuated mechanical systems. The presented method is general and can blend with several model-based and model-free algorithms. The performance of the devised PID controllers is demonstrated with simulation studies for a benchmark cart-pole system under disturbances and system parameter uncertainties.      
### 23.Tensor-Based Channel Estimation for RIS-Assisted Networks Operating Under Imperfections  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03557.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) is a candidate technology for future wireless networks. It enables to shape the wireless environment to reach massive connectivity and enhanced data rate. The promising gains of RIS-assisted networks are, however, strongly depends on the accuracy of the channel state information. Due to the passive nature of the RIS elements, channel estimation may become challenging. This becomes most evident when physical imperfections or electronic impairments affect the RIS due to its exposition to different environmental effects or caused by hardware limitations from the circuitry. In this paper, we propose an efficient and low-complexity tensor-based channel estimation approach in RIS-assisted networks taking different imperfections into account. By assuming a short-term model in which the RIS imperfections behavior, modeled as unknown amplitude and phase shifts deviations, is non-static with respect to the channel coherence time, we formulate a closed-form higher order singular value decomposition based algorithm for the joint estimation of the involved channels and the unknown impairments. Furthermore, the identifiability and computational complexity of the proposed algorithm are analyzed, and we study the effect of different imperfections on the channel estimation quality. Simulation results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed tensor-based algorithm in terms of the estimation accuracy and computational complexity compared to competing tensor-based iterative alternating solutions.      
### 24.CPES-QSM: A Quantitative Method Towards the Secure Operation of Cyber-Physical Energy Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03543.pdf)
>  Power systems are evolving into cyber-physical energy systems (CPES) due to the integration of modern communication and Internet-of-Things (IoT) devices. CPES security evaluation is challenging since the physical and cyber layers are often not considered holistically. Existing literature focuses on only optimizing the operation of either the physical or cyber layer while ignoring the interactions between them. This paper proposes a metric, the Cyber-Physical Energy System Quantitative Security Metric (CPES-QSM), that quantifies the interaction between the cyber and physical layers across three domains: electrical, cyber-risk, and network topology. A method for incorporating the proposed cyber-metric into operational decisions is also proposed by formulating a cyber-constrained AC optimal power flow (C-ACOPF) that considers the status of all the CPES layers. The cyber-constrained ACOPF considers the vulnerabilities of physical and cyber networks by incorporating factors such as voltage stability, contingencies, graph-theory, and IoT cyber risks, while using a multi-criteria decision-making technique. Simulation studies are conducted using standard IEEE test systems to evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed metric and the C-ACOPF formulation.      
### 25.On the Design of Integral Multiplex Control Protocols for Nonlinear Network Systems with Delays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03535.pdf)
>  We consider the problem of designing control protocols for possibly nonlinear networks with delays that not only allow the fulfillment of some desired behaviour, but also simultaneously guarantee the rejection of polynomial disturbances and the non-amplification of other classes of disturbances across the network. To address this problem, we propose the systematic use of multiplex architectures to deliver integral control protocols ensuring the desired disturbance rejection and non-amplification properties. We then present a set of sufficient conditions to assess these properties and hence to design the multiplex architecture for both leaderless and leader-follower networks with time-varying references consisting of possibly heterogeneous nonlinearly coupled agents affected by communication delays. The effectiveness of our conditions, which are also turned into an optimisation problem allowing protocol design, is illustrated via both in-silico and experimental validations with a real hardware set-up.      
### 26.Few-Shot Audio-Visual Learning of Environment Acoustics  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.04006.pdf)
>  Room impulse response (RIR) functions capture how the surrounding physical environment transforms the sounds heard by a listener, with implications for various applications in AR, VR, and robotics. Whereas traditional methods to estimate RIRs assume dense geometry and/or sound measurements throughout the environment, we explore how to infer RIRs based on a sparse set of images and echoes observed in the space. Towards that goal, we introduce a transformer-based method that uses self-attention to build a rich acoustic context, then predicts RIRs of arbitrary query source-receiver locations through cross-attention. Additionally, we design a novel training objective that improves the match in the acoustic signature between the RIR predictions and the targets. In experiments using a state-of-the-art audio-visual simulator for 3D environments, we demonstrate that our method successfully generates arbitrary RIRs, outperforming state-of-the-art methods and--in a major departure from traditional methods--generalizing to novel environments in a few-shot manner. Project: <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://vision.cs.utexas.edu/projects/fs_rir" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 27.Constrained Imitation Learning for a Flapping Wing Unmanned Aerial Vehicle  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03987.pdf)
>  This paper presents a data-driven optimal control policy for a micro flapping wing unmanned aerial vehicle. First, a set of optimal trajectories are computed off-line based on a geometric formulation of dynamics that captures the nonlinear coupling between the large angle flapping motion and the quasi-steady aerodynamics. Then, it is transformed into a feedback control system according to the framework of imitation learning. In particular, an additional constraint is incorporated through the learning process to enhance the stability properties of the resulting controlled dynamics. Compared with conventional methods, the proposed constrained imitation learning eliminates the need to generate additional optimal trajectories on-line, without sacrificing stability. As such, the computational efficiency is substantially improved. Furthermore, this establishes the first nonlinear control system that stabilizes the coupled longitudinal and lateral dynamics of flapping wing aerial vehicle without relying on averaging or linearization. These are illustrated by numerical examples for a simulated model inspired by Monarch butterflies.      
### 28.Direct Triangulation with Spherical Projection for Omnidirectional Cameras  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03928.pdf)
>  In this paper, it is proposed to solve the problem of triangulation for calibrated omnidirectional cameras through the optimisation of ray-pairs on the projective sphere. The proposed solution boils down to finding the roots of a quadratic function, and as such is closed form, completely non-iterative and computationally inexpensive when compared to previous methods. In addition, even thought the motivation is clearly to solve the triangulation problem for omnidirectional cameras, it is demonstrated that the proposed methods can be applied to non-omnidirectional, narrow field-of-view cameras.      
### 29.Channel Estimation with Hybrid Reconfigurable Intelligent Metasurfaces  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03913.pdf)
>  Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces (RISs) are envisioned to play a key role in future wireless communications, enabling programmable radio propagation environments. They are usually considered as almost passive planar structures that operate as adjustable reflectors, giving rise to a multitude of implementation challenges, including the inherent difficulty in estimating the underlying wireless channels. In this paper, we focus on the recently conceived concept of Hybrid Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces (HRISs), which do not solely reflect the impinging waveform in a controllable fashion, but are also capable of sensing and processing an adjustable portion of it. We first present implementation details for this metasurface architecture and propose a convenient mathematical model for characterizing its dual operation. As an indicative application of HRISs in wireless communications, we formulate the individual channel estimation problem for the uplink of a multi-user HRIS-empowered communication system. Considering first a noise-free setting, we theoretically quantify the advantage of HRISs in notably reducing the amount of pilots needed for channel estimation, as compared to the case of purely reflective RISs. We then present closed-form expressions for the MSE performance in estimating the individual channels at the HRISs and the base station for the noisy model. Based on these derivations, we propose an automatic differentiation-based first-order optimization approach to efficiently determine the HRIS phase and power splitting configurations for minimizing the weighted sum-MSE performance. Our numerical evaluations demonstrate that HRISs do not only enable the estimation of the individual channels in HRIS-empowered communication systems, but also improve the ability to recover the cascaded channel, as compared to existing methods using passive and reflective RISs.      
### 30.Joint Modelling of Quantum and Classical Noise over Unity Quantum Channel  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03894.pdf)
>  For a continuous-input-continuous-output arbitrarily distributed quantum channel carrying classical information, the channel capacity can be computed in terms of the distribution of the channel envelope, received signal strength over a quantum propagation field and the noise spectral density. If the channel envelope is considered to be unity with unit received signal strength, the factor controlling the capacity is the noise. Quantum channel carrying classical information will suffer from the combination of classical and quantum noise. Assuming additive Gaussian-distributed classical noise and Poisson-distributed quantum noise, we formulate a hybrid noise model by deriving a joint Gaussian- Poisson distribution in this letter. For the transmitted signal, we consider the mean of signal sample space instead of considering a particular distribution and study how the maximum mutual information varies over such mean value. Capacity is estimated by maximizing the mutual information over unity channel envelope.      
### 31.Progressive GANomaly: Anomaly detection with progressively growing GANs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03876.pdf)
>  In medical imaging, obtaining large amounts of labeled data is often a hurdle, because annotations and pathologies are scarce. Anomaly detection is a method that is capable of detecting unseen abnormal data while only being trained on normal (unannotated) data. Several algorithms based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) exist to perform this task, yet certain limitations are in place because of the instability of GANs. This paper proposes a new method by combining an existing method, GANomaly, with progressively growing GANs. The latter is known to be more stable, considering its ability to generate high-resolution images. The method is tested using Fashion MNIST, Medical Out-of-Distribution Analysis Challenge (MOOD), and in-house brain MRI; using patches of sizes 16x16 and 32x32. Progressive GANomaly outperforms a one-class SVM or regular GANomaly on Fashion MNIST. Artificial anomalies are created in MOOD images with varying intensities and diameters. Progressive GANomaly detected the most anomalies with varying intensity and size. Additionally, the intermittent reconstructions are proven to be better from progressive GANomaly. On the in-house brain MRI dataset, regular GANomaly outperformed the other methods.      
### 32.Decentralized Online Regularized Learning Over Random Time-Varying Graphs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03861.pdf)
>  We study the decentralized online regularized linear regression algorithm over random time-varying graphs. At each time step, every node runs an online estimation algorithm consisting of an innovation term processing its own new measurement, a consensus term taking a weighted sum of estimations of its own and its neighbors with additive and multiplicative communication noises and a regularization term preventing over-fitting. It is not required that the regression matrices and graphs satisfy special statistical assumptions such as mutual independence, spatio-temporal independence or stationarity. We develop the nonnegative supermartingale inequality of the estimation error, and prove that the estimations of all nodes converge to the unknown true parameter vector almost surely if the algorithm gains, graphs and regression matrices jointly satisfy the sample path spatio-temporal persistence of excitation condition. Especially, this condition holds by choosing appropriate algorithm gains if the graphs are uniformly conditionally jointly connected and conditionally balanced, and the regression models of all nodes are uniformly conditionally spatio-temporally jointly observable, under which the algorithm converges in mean square and almost surely. In addition, we prove that the regret upper bound $\mathcal O(T^{1-\tau}\ln T)$, where $\tau\in (0.5,1)$ is a constant depending on the algorithm gains.      
### 33.Opening up echo chambers via optimal content recommendation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03859.pdf)
>  Online social platforms have become central in the political debate. In this context, the existence of echo chambers is a problem of primary relevance. These clusters of like-minded individuals tend to reinforce prior beliefs, elicit animosity towards others and aggravate the spread of misinformation. We study this phenomenon on a Twitter dataset related to the 2017 French presidential elections and propose a method to tackle it with content recommendations. We use a quadratic program to find optimal recommendations that maximise the diversity of content users are exposed to, while still accounting for their preferences. Our method relies on a theoretical model that can sufficiently describe how content flows through the platform. We show that the model provides good approximations of empirical measures and demonstrate the effectiveness of the optimisation algorithm at mitigating the echo chamber effect on this dataset, even with limited budget for recommendations.      
### 34.Robust PCA for Subspace Estimation in User-Centric Cell-Free Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03801.pdf)
>  We consider a scalable user-centric cell-free massive MIMO network with distributed remote radio units (RUs), enabling macrodiversity and joint processing. Due to the limited uplink (UL) pilot dimension, multiuser interference in the UL pilot transmission phase makes channel estimation a non-trivial problem. We make use of two types of UL pilot signals, sounding reference signal (SRS) and demodulation reference signal (DMRS) pilots, for the estimation of the channel subspace and its instantaneous realization, respectively. The SRS pilots are transmitted over multiple time slots and resource blocks according to a Latin squares based hopping scheme, which aims at averaging out the interference of different SRS co-pilot users. We propose a robust principle component analysis approach for channel subspace estimation from the SRS signal samples, employed at the RUs for each associated user. The estimated subspace is further used at the RUs for DMRS pilot decontamination and instantaneous channel estimation. We provide numerical simulations to compare the system performance using our subspace and channel estimation scheme with the cases of ideal partial subspace/channel knowledge and pilot matching channel estimation. The results show that a system with a properly designed SRS pilot hopping scheme can closely approximate the performance of a genie-aided system.      
### 35.Optimal User Load and Energy Efficiency in User-Centric Cell-Free Wireless Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03800.pdf)
>  Cell-free massive MIMO is a variant of multiuser MIMO and massive MIMO, in which the total number of antennas $LM$ is distributed among the $L$ remote radio units (RUs) in the system, enabling macrodiversity and joint processing. Due to pilot contamination and system scalability, each RU can only serve a limited number of users. Obtaining the optimal number of users simultaneously served on one resource block (RB) by the $L$ RUs regarding the sum spectral efficiency (SE) is not a simple challenge though, as many of the system parameters are intertwined. For example, the dimension $\tau_p$ of orthogonal Demodulation Reference Signal (DMRS) pilots limits the number of users that an RU can serve. Thus, depending on $\tau_p$, the optimal user load yielding the maximum sum SE will vary. Another key parameter is the users' uplink transmit power $P^{\rm ue}_{\rm tx}$, where a trade-off between users in outage, interference and energy inefficiency exists. We study the effect of multiple parameters in cell-free massive MIMO on the sum SE and user outage, as well as the performance of different levels of RU antenna distribution. We provide extensive numerical investigations to illuminate the behavior of the system SE with respect to the various parameters, including the effect of the system load, i.e., the number of active users to be served on any RB. The results show that in general a system with many RUs and few RU antennas yields the largest sum SE, where the benefits of distributed antennas reduce in very dense networks.      
### 36.Adaptive Neural Network-based Unscented Kalman Filter for Spacecraft Pose Tracking at Rendezvous  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03796.pdf)
>  This paper presents a neural network-based Unscented Kalman Filter (UKF) to track the pose (i.e., position and orientation) of a known, noncooperative, tumbling target spacecraft in a close-proximity rendezvous scenario. The UKF estimates the relative orbital and attitude states of the target with respect to the servicer based on the pose information extracted from incoming monocular images of the target spacecraft with a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN). In order to enable reliable tracking, the process noise covariance matrix of the UKF is tuned online using adaptive state noise compensation. Specifically, the closed-form process noise model for the relative attitude dynamics is newly derived and implemented. In order to enable a comprehensive analysis of the performance and robustness of the proposed CNN-powered UKF, this paper also introduces the Satellite Hardware-In-the-loop Rendezvous Trajectories (SHIRT) dataset which comprises the labeled imagery of two representative rendezvous trajectories in low Earth orbit. For each trajectory, two sets of images are respectively created from a graphics renderer and a robotic testbed to allow testing the filter's robustness across domain gap. The proposed UKF is evaluated on both domains of the trajectories in SHIRT and is shown to have sub-decimeter-level position and degree-level orientation errors at steady-state.      
### 37.NOMA-based Improper Signaling for Multicell MISO RIS-assisted Broadcast Channels  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03795.pdf)
>  In this paper, we study the performance of reconfigurable intelligent surfaces (RISs) in a multicell broadcast channel (BC) that employs improper Gaussian signaling (IGS) jointly with non-orthogonal multiple access (NOMA) to optimize either the minimum-weighted rate or the energy efficiency (EE) of the network. We show that although the RIS can significantly improve the system performance, it cannot mitigate interference completely, so we have to employ other interference-management techniques to further improve performance. We show that the proposed NOMA-based IGS scheme can substantially outperform proper Gaussian signaling (PGS) and IGS schemes that treat interference as noise (TIN) in particular when the number of users per cell is larger than the number of base station (BS) antennas (referred to as overloaded networks). In other words, IGS and NOMA complement to each other as interference management techniques in multicell RIS-assisted BCs. Furthermore, we consider three different feasibility sets for the RIS components showing that even a RIS with a small number of elements provides considerable gains for all the feasibility sets.      
### 38.Learning Digital Terrain Models from Point Clouds: ALS2DTM Dataset and Rasterization-based GAN  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03778.pdf)
>  Despite the popularity of deep neural networks in various domains, the extraction of digital terrain models (DTMs) from airborne laser scanning (ALS) point clouds is still challenging. This might be due to the lack of dedicated large-scale annotated dataset and the data-structure discrepancy between point clouds and DTMs. To promote data-driven DTM extraction, this paper collects from open sources a large-scale dataset of ALS point clouds and corresponding DTMs with various urban, forested, and mountainous scenes. A baseline method is proposed as the first attempt to train a Deep neural network to extract digital Terrain models directly from ALS point clouds via Rasterization techniques, coined DeepTerRa. Extensive studies with well-established methods are performed to benchmark the dataset and analyze the challenges in learning to extract DTM from point clouds. The experimental results show the interest of the agnostic data-driven approach, with sub-metric error level compared to methods designed for DTM extraction. The data and source code is provided at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://lhoangan.github.io/deepterra/" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a> for reproducibility and further similar research.      
### 39.Mixed-Timescale Deep-Unfolding for Joint Channel Estimation and Hybrid Beamforming  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03755.pdf)
>  In massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems, hybrid analog-digital beamforming is an essential technique for exploiting the potential array gain without using a dedicated radio frequency chain for each antenna. However, due to the large number of antennas, the conventional channel estimation and hybrid beamforming algorithms generally require high computational complexity and signaling overhead. In this work, we propose an end-to-end deep-unfolding neural network (NN) joint channel estimation and hybrid beamforming (JCEHB) algorithm to maximize the system sum rate in time-division duplex (TDD) massive MIMO. Specifically, the recursive least-squares (RLS) algorithm and stochastic successive convex approximation (SSCA) algorithm are unfolded for channel estimation and hybrid beamforming, respectively. In order to reduce the signaling overhead, we consider a mixed-timescale hybrid beamforming scheme, where the analog beamforming matrices are optimized based on the channel state information (CSI) statistics offline, while the digital beamforming matrices are designed at each time slot based on the estimated low-dimensional equivalent CSI matrices. We jointly train the analog beamformers together with the trainable parameters of the RLS and SSCA induced deep-unfolding NNs based on the CSI statistics offline. During data transmission, we estimate the low-dimensional equivalent CSI by the RLS induced deep-unfolding NN and update the digital beamformers. In addition, we propose a mixed-timescale deep-unfolding NN where the analog beamformers are optimized online, and extend the framework to frequency-division duplex (FDD) systems where channel feedback is considered. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm can significantly outperform conventional algorithms with reduced computational complexity and signaling overhead.      
### 40.What do we learn? Debunking the Myth of Unsupervised Outlier Detection  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03698.pdf)
>  Even though auto-encoders (AEs) have the desirable property of learning compact representations without labels and have been widely applied to out-of-distribution (OoD) detection, they are generally still poorly understood and are used incorrectly in detecting outliers where the normal and abnormal distributions are strongly overlapping. In general, the learned manifold is assumed to contain key information that is only important for describing samples within the training distribution, and that the reconstruction of outliers leads to high residual errors. However, recent work suggests that AEs are likely to be even better at reconstructing some types of OoD samples. In this work, we challenge this assumption and investigate what auto-encoders actually learn when they are posed to solve two different tasks. First, we propose two metrics based on the Frchet inception distance (FID) and confidence scores of a trained classifier to assess whether AEs can learn the training distribution and reliably recognize samples from other domains. Second, we investigate whether AEs are able to synthesize normal images from samples with abnormal regions, on a more challenging lung pathology detection task. We have found that state-of-the-art (SOTA) AEs are either unable to constrain the latent manifold and allow reconstruction of abnormal patterns, or they are failing to accurately restore the inputs from their latent distribution, resulting in blurred or misaligned reconstructions. We propose novel deformable auto-encoders (MorphAEus) to learn perceptually aware global image priors and locally adapt their morphometry based on estimated dense deformation fields. We demonstrate superior performance over unsupervised methods in detecting OoD and pathology.      
### 41.Robust Deep Ensemble Method for Real-world Image Denoising  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03691.pdf)
>  Recently, deep learning-based image denoising methods have achieved promising performance on test data with the same distribution as training set, where various denoising models based on synthetic or collected real-world training data have been learned. However, when handling real-world noisy images, the denoising performance is still limited. In this paper, we propose a simple yet effective Bayesian deep ensemble (BDE) method for real-world image denoising, where several representative deep denoisers pre-trained with various training data settings can be fused to improve robustness. The foundation of BDE is that real-world image noises are highly signal-dependent, and heterogeneous noises in a real-world noisy image can be separately handled by different denoisers. In particular, we take well-trained CBDNet, NBNet, HINet, Uformer and GMSNet into denoiser pool, and a U-Net is adopted to predict pixel-wise weighting maps to fuse these denoisers. Instead of solely learning pixel-wise weighting maps, Bayesian deep learning strategy is introduced to predict weighting uncertainty as well as weighting map, by which prediction variance can be modeled for improving robustness on real-world noisy images. Extensive experiments have shown that real-world noises can be better removed by fusing existing denoisers instead of training a big denoiser with expensive cost. On DND dataset, our BDE achieves +0.28~dB PSNR gain over the state-of-the-art denoising method. Moreover, we note that our BDE denoiser based on different Gaussian noise levels outperforms state-of-the-art CBDNet when applying to real-world noisy images. Furthermore, our BDE can be extended to other image restoration tasks, and achieves +0.30dB, +0.18dB and +0.12dB PSNR gains on benchmark datasets for image deblurring, image deraining and single image super-resolution, respectively.      
### 42.Input-to-State Stability of Time-Delay Systems With Delay-Dependent Impulses  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03645.pdf)
>  This paper studies input-to-state stability (ISS) of general nonlinear time-delay systems subject to delay-dependent impulse effects. Sufficient conditions for ISS are constructed by using the method of Lyapunov functionals. It is shown that, when the continuous dynamics are ISS but the discrete dynamics governing the delay-dependent impulses are not, the impulsive system as a whole is ISS provided the destabilizing impulses do not occur too frequently. On the contrary, when the discrete dynamics are ISS but the continuous dynamics are not, the delayed impulses must occur frequently enough to overcome the destabilizing effects of the continuous dynamics so that the ISS can be achieved for the impulsive system. Particularly, when the discrete dynamics are ISS and the continuous dynamics are also ISS or just stable for the zero input, the impulsive system is ISS for arbitrary impulse time sequences. Compared with the existing results on impulsive time-delay systems, the obtained ISS criteria are more general in the sense that these results are applicable to systems with delay dependent impulses while the existing ones are not. Moreover, when consider time-delay systems with delay-free impulses, our result for systems with unstable continuous dynamics and stabilizing impulses is less conservative than the existing ones, as a weaker condition on the upper bound of impulsive intervals is obtained. To demonstrate the theoretical results, we provide two examples with numerical simulations, in which distributed delays and discrete delays in the impulses are considered, respectively.      
### 43.Event-Triggered Impulsive Control for Nonlinear Systems with Actuation Delays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03643.pdf)
>  This paper studies impulsive stabilization of nonlinear systems. We propose two types of event-triggering algorithms to update the impulsive control signals with actuation delays. The first algorithm is based on continuous event detection, while the second type makes decision about updating the impulsive control inputs according to periodic event detection. Sufficient conditions are derived to ensure asymptotic stability of the impulsive control systems with the designed event-triggering algorithms. Lower bounds of the time period between two consecutive events are also obtained, so that the closed-loop impulsive systems are free of Zeno behavior. That is to say that the pulse phenomena are excluded from the event-triggered impulsive control systems, in the community of impulsive differential equations. An illustrative example demonstrates effectiveness of the proposed algorithms and our theoretical results.      
### 44.Predictive Modeling of Charge Levels for Battery Electric Vehicles using CNN EfficientNet and IGTD Algorithm  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03612.pdf)
>  Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN) have been a good solution for understanding a vast image dataset. As the increased number of battery-equipped electric vehicles is flourishing globally, there has been much research on understanding which charge levels electric vehicle drivers would choose to charge their vehicles to get to their destination without any prevention. We implemented deep learning approaches to analyze the tabular datasets to understand their state of charge and which charge levels they would choose. In addition, we implemented the Image Generator for Tabular Dataset algorithm to utilize tabular datasets as image datasets to train convolutional neural networks. Also, we integrated other CNN architecture such as EfficientNet to prove that CNN is a great learner for reading information from images that were converted from the tabular dataset, and able to predict charge levels for battery-equipped electric vehicles. We also evaluated several optimization methods to enhance the learning rate of the models and examined further analysis on improving the model architecture.      
### 45.Model Predictive Loitering and Trajectory Tracking of Suspended Payloads in Cable-Driven Balloons Using UGVs  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03606.pdf)
>  The feasibility of performing airborne and ground manipulation, perception, and reconnaissance using wheeled rovers, unmanned aerial vehicles, CubeSats, SmallSats and more have been evaluated before. Among all of these solutions, balloon-based systems possess merits that make them extremely attractive, e.g., a simple operation mechanism and endured operation time. However, there are many hurdles to overcome to achieve robust loitering performance in balloon-based applications. We attempt to identify design and control challenges, and propose a novel robotic platform that allows for the application of balloons in the reconnaissance and perception of Mars craters. This work briefly covers our suggested actuation and Model Predictive Control design framework for steering such balloon systems. We propose the coordinated servoing of multiple unmanned ground vehicles (UGVs) to regulate tension forces in a cable-driven balloon to which an underactuated hanging payload is attached.      
### 46.Neural Network Compression via Effective Filter Analysis and Hierarchical Pruning  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.03596.pdf)
>  Network compression is crucial to making the deep networks to be more efficient, faster, and generalizable to low-end hardware. Current network compression methods have two open problems: first, there lacks a theoretical framework to estimate the maximum compression rate; second, some layers may get over-prunned, resulting in significant network performance drop. To solve these two problems, this study propose a gradient-matrix singularity analysis-based method to estimate the maximum network redundancy. Guided by that maximum rate, a novel and efficient hierarchical network pruning algorithm is developed to maximally condense the neuronal network structure without sacrificing network performance. Substantial experiments are performed to demonstrate the efficacy of the new method for pruning several advanced convolutional neural network (CNN) architectures. Compared to existing pruning methods, the proposed pruning algorithm achieved state-of-the-art performance. At the same or similar compression ratio, the new method provided the highest network prediction accuracy as compared to other methods.      
