# ArXiv eess --Mon, 20 Jun 2022
### 1.Linear Revolution-Invariance: Modeling and Deblurring Spatially-Varying Imaging Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08928.pdf)
>  We develop theory and algorithms for modeling and deblurring imaging systems that are composed of rotationally-symmetric optics. Such systems have point spread functions (PSFs) which are spatially-varying, but only vary radially, a property we call linear revolution-invariance (LRI). From the LRI property we develop an exact theory for linear imaging with radially-varying optics, including an analog of the Fourier Convolution Theorem. This theory, in tandem with a calibration procedure using Seidel aberration coefficients, yields an efficient forward model and deblurring algorithm which requires only a single calibration image -- one that is easier to measure than a single PSF. We test these methods in simulation and experimentally on images of resolution targets, rabbit liver tissue, and live tardigrades obtained using the UCLA Miniscope v3. We find that the LRI forward model generates accurate radially-varying blur, and LRI deblurring improves resolution, especially near the edges of the field-of-view. These methods are available for use as a Python package at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/apsk14/lri" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 2.Cluster-Head Rotation Approaches in Sensor Networks: A Review  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08892.pdf)
>  Balanced energy consumption is a major research concern in sensor networks. If some sensor nodes spent energy rapidly compared to other sensor groups, then the energy consumption is not evenly distributed and the lifetime of the network is adversely affected. In cluster-based communication protocol, cluster-head nodes rapidly dissipate their energy compared to respective cluster members as it has additional duties of receiving data from cluster members and aggregation of received data. Clustering protocols periodically rotate the energy-intensive job of cluster-head among other sensors in order to evenly distribute the CH's energy load. In this paper, we review various cluster-head rotation approaches and classify them into different categories based on the number of participating nodes, rotation mechanism, and decision parameter(s). Finally, we discuss open research issues in developing an efficient cluster-head rotation approach, which reduces the premature death of cluster-head nodes and maximizes the network lifetime.      
### 3.Characteristics of Interference in Licensed and Unlicensed Bands for Intelligent Spectrum Management  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08887.pdf)
>  The exponential growth of IoT devices and the demand of smart devices for higher data rates has heightened the need for sharing and managing spectrum resources in cellular 5G/6G operating in licensed bands and Wi-Fi technologies operating in unlicensed bands. Intelligent spectrum management has emerged as a key concept in dynamic spectrum allocation. To understand the interference existing in the spectrum, researchers usually monitor the interference in a fixed location and either focus on the cellular band or Wi-Fi band. In this study, we conduct experiments for collecting real-time spectrum data in indoor and outdoor environments with a mobile receiver, the spectrum analyzer. For outdoor, we mount the spectrum analyzer on a car seat and drive on the selected route in an urban area. We put the analyzer on a cart and moved it around in the laboratory for indoor. The frequency of interest in this study is 1.9 - 2.5 GHz, including both licensed and unlicensed bands. Temporal and frequency domain behavior is compared between licensed and unlicensed bands. We first normalize and binarize the data with a threshold. Then we calculate the spectrum occupancy by counting how many consecutive ones. Based on our observation, the spectrum occupancy of the outdoor environment is more remarkable than the indoor environment. The interference in the licensed band shows more variations in the frequency domain than that in the unlicensed band. This study provides a better understanding of the interference behavior for different environments and frequency bands.      
### 4.Incorporating intratumoral heterogeneity into weakly-supervised deep learning models via variance pooling  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08885.pdf)
>  Supervised learning tasks such as cancer survival prediction from gigapixel whole slide images (WSIs) are a critical challenge in computational pathology that requires modeling complex features of the tumor microenvironment. These learning tasks are often solved with deep multi-instance learning (MIL) models that do not explicitly capture intratumoral heterogeneity. We develop a novel variance pooling architecture that enables a MIL model to incorporate intratumoral heterogeneity into its predictions. Two interpretability tools based on representative patches are illustrated to probe the biological signals captured by these models. An empirical study with 4,479 gigapixel WSIs from the Cancer Genome Atlas shows that adding variance pooling onto MIL frameworks improves survival prediction performance for five cancer types.      
### 5.Analysis of Time- versus Event-Triggered Consensus for a Single-Integrator Multi-Agent System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08862.pdf)
>  It is well known that the employed triggering scheme has great impact on the control performance when control loops operate under scarce communication resources. Various practical and simulative works have demonstrated the potential of event-triggered control to reduce communication while providing a similar performance level when compared to time-triggered control. For non-cooperative networked control systems, analytical performance comparisons of time- and event-triggered control support this finding under certain assumptions. While being well-studied in the non-cooperative setting, it remains unclear if and how the performance relationship of the triggering schemes is altered in a multi-agent system setup. To close this gap, in this paper, we consider a homogeneous single-integrator multi-agent consensus problem for which we compare the performance of time- and event-triggered control schemes analytically. Under the assumption of equal average triggering rates, we use the long-term average of the quadratic deviation from consensus as a performance measure to contrast the triggering schemes. Contrary to the non-cooperative setting, we prove that event-triggered control performs worse than time-triggered control beyond a certain number of agents in this setup. In addition, we derive the asymptotic order of the performance measure as a function of the number of agents under both triggering schemes.      
### 6.Weighted Sum Secrecy Rate Maximization for RIS-Assisted Full Duplex systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08797.pdf)
>  This letter considers the secure communication in a reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) aided full duplex (FD) system. A FD base station (BS) serves an uplink (UL) user and a downlink (DL) user simultaneously over the same timefrequency dimension assisted by a RIS in the presence of an eavesdropper. In addition, the BS transmits artificial noise (AN) to interfere the eavesdropper's channel. We aim to maximize the weighted sum secrecy rate of UL and DL users by jointly optimizing the transmit beamforming, receive beamforming and AN covariance matrix at the BS, and passive beamforming at the RIS. To handle the non-convex problem, we decompose it into tractable subproblems and propose an efficient algorithm based on alternating optimization framework. Specifically, the receive beamforming is derived as a closed-form solution while other variables are obtained by using semidefinite relaxation (SDR) method and successive convex approximation (SCA) algorithm. Simulation results demonstrate the superior performance of our proposed scheme compared to other baseline schemes.      
### 7.Leveraging Uncertainty in Deep Learning for Pancreatic Adenocarcinoma Grading  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08787.pdf)
>  Pancreatic cancers have one of the worst prognoses compared to other cancers, as they are diagnosed when cancer has progressed towards its latter stages. The current manual histological grading for diagnosing pancreatic adenocarcinomas is time-consuming and often results in misdiagnosis. In digital pathology, AI-based cancer grading must be extremely accurate in prediction and uncertainty quantification to improve reliability and explainability and are essential for gaining clinicians trust in the technology. We present Bayesian Convolutional Neural Networks for automated pancreatic cancer grading from MGG and HE stained images to estimate uncertainty in model prediction. We show that the estimated uncertainty correlates with prediction error. Specifically, it is useful in setting the acceptance threshold using a metric that weighs classification accuracy-reject trade-off and misclassification cost controlled by hyperparameters and can be employed in clinical settings.      
### 8.An incomplete taxonomy of self-assigned color specialties  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08779.pdf)
>  Every discipline in science or professional practice can be sub-divided into specialties and subspecialties. E.g., in medicine a doctor could indicate that their specialty is ophthalmology and their sub-specialty the retina, or in chemistry a specialty could be analytical chemistry and a sub-specialty spectroscopy. But, what are the specialties and sub-specialties of the color discipline? The present report shares the anonymized results of a 152-participant, online survey conducted between 23rd May and 8th June 2022 that suggests 11 top-level color specialties.      
### 9.Robust Information Criterion for Model Selection in Sparse High-Dimensional Linear Regression Models  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08731.pdf)
>  Model selection in linear regression models is a major challenge when dealing with high-dimensional data where the number of available measurements (sample size) is much smaller than the dimension of the parameter space. Traditional methods for model selection such as Akaike information criterion, Bayesian information criterion (BIC) and minimum description length are heavily prone to overfitting in the high-dimensional setting. In this regard, extended BIC (EBIC), which is an extended version of the original BIC and extended Fisher information criterion (EFIC), which is a combination of EBIC and Fisher information criterion, are consistent estimators of the true model as the number of measurements grows very large. However, EBIC is not consistent in high signal-to-noise-ratio (SNR) scenarios where the sample size is fixed and EFIC is not invariant to data scaling resulting in unstable behaviour. In this paper, we propose a new form of the EBIC criterion called EBIC-Robust, which is invariant to data scaling and consistent in both large sample size and high-SNR scenarios. Analytical proofs are presented to guarantee its consistency. Simulation results indicate that the performance of EBIC-Robust is quite superior to that of both EBIC and EFIC.      
### 10.Convex reformulations for a special class of nonlinear MPC problems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08617.pdf)
>  We show how the solution to NMPC problems for a special type of input-affine discrete-time systems can be obtained by reformulating the underlying non-convex optimal control problem in terms of a finite number of convex subproblems. The reformulation is facilitated by exact (input-state) linearization, which is shown to provide beneficial properties for the treated class of systems. We characterize possible types of the resulting convex subproblems and illustrate our approach with three numerical examples.      
### 11.OADAT: Experimental and Synthetic Clinical Optoacoustic Data for Standardized Image Processing  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08612.pdf)
>  Optoacoustic (OA) imaging is based on excitation of biological tissues with nanosecond-duration laser pulses followed by subsequent detection of ultrasound waves generated via light-absorption-mediated thermoelastic expansion. OA imaging features a powerful combination between rich optical contrast and high resolution in deep tissues. This enabled the exploration of a number of attractive new applications both in clinical and laboratory settings. However, no standardized datasets generated with different types of experimental set-up and associated processing methods are available to facilitate advances in broader applications of OA in clinical settings. This complicates an objective comparison between new and established data processing methods, often leading to qualitative results and arbitrary interpretations of the data. In this paper, we provide both experimental and synthetic OA raw signals and reconstructed image domain datasets rendered with different experimental parameters and tomographic acquisition geometries. We further provide trained neural networks to tackle three important challenges related to OA image processing, namely accurate reconstruction under limited view tomographic conditions, removal of spatial undersampling artifacts and anatomical segmentation for improved image reconstruction. Specifically, we define 18 experiments corresponding to the aforementioned challenges as benchmarks to be used as a reference for the development of more advanced processing methods.      
### 12.Air Gap Control of the Novel Cross (+) Type 4-Pole MAGLEV Carrier System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08603.pdf)
>  Mechanical non-contact carrier systems based on magnetic levitation (MAGLEV) are used in special transportation areas (clean rooms, chemical areas, etc.). Among these types of carriers, 4-pole hybrid electromagnetic systems (containing permanent magnets and electromagnets) stand out with their low energy consumption. The main problem of maglev carrier systems is their non-linear characteristics and unstable open-loop response. In this study, PID and I-PD controllers are designed for the air gap control of the new cross-type 4-pole mechanical contactless carrier system. Thus, the instability problem was overcome and the desired reference tracking for each degree of freedom was successfully carried out in simulation environments, and the results were compared.      
### 13.Event-triggered Design for Optimal Output Consensus of High-order Multi-agent Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08570.pdf)
>  This paper studies the optimal output consensus problem for a group of heterogeneous linear multi-agent systems. Different from existing results, we aim at effective controllers for these high-order agents under both event-triggered control and event-triggered communication settings. We conduct an embedded design for the problem and constructively propose a multi-rate event-triggered controller with a set of applicable parameters. The proposed event-triggered rules are shown to be free of Zeno behaviors and can achieve the optimal output consensus goal for these high-order agents. A simulation example is given to verify the efficacy of our designs.      
### 14.COVID-19 Detection using Transfer Learning with Convolutional Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08557.pdf)
>  The Novel Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a fatal infectious disease, first recognized in December 2019 in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and has gone on an epidemic situation. Under these circumstances, it became more important to detect COVID-19 in infected people. Nowadays, the testing kits are gradually lessening in number compared to the number of infected population. Under recent prevailing conditions, the diagnosis of lung disease by analyzing chest CT (Computed Tomography) images has become an important tool for both diagnosis and prophecy of COVID-19 patients. In this study, a Transfer learning strategy (CNN) for detecting COVID-19 infection from CT images has been proposed. In the proposed model, a multilayer Convolutional neural network (CNN) with Transfer learning model Inception V3 has been designed. Similar to CNN, it uses convolution and pooling to extract features, but this transfer learning model contains weights of dataset Imagenet. Thus it can detect features very effectively which gives it an upper hand for achieving better accuracy.      
### 15.NU-Wave 2: A General Neural Audio Upsampling Model for Various Sampling Rates  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08545.pdf)
>  Conventionally, audio super-resolution models fixed the initial and the target sampling rates, which necessitate the model to be trained for each pair of sampling rates. We introduce NU-Wave 2, a diffusion model for neural audio upsampling that enables the generation of 48 kHz audio signals from inputs of various sampling rates with a single model. Based on the architecture of NU-Wave, NU-Wave 2 uses short-time Fourier convolution (STFC) to generate harmonics to resolve the main failure modes of NU-Wave, and incorporates bandwidth spectral feature transform (BSFT) to condition the bandwidths of inputs in the frequency domain. We experimentally demonstrate that NU-Wave 2 produces high-resolution audio regardless of the sampling rate of input while requiring fewer parameters than other models. The official code and the audio samples are available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://mindslab-ai.github.io/nuwave2" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 16.Multi-Classification of Brain Tumor Images Using Transfer Learning Based Deep Neural Network  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08543.pdf)
>  In recent advancement towards computer based diagnostics system, the classification of brain tumor images is a challenging task. This paper mainly focuses on elevating the classification accuracy of brain tumor images with transfer learning based deep neural network. The classification approach is started with the image augmentation operation including rotation, zoom, hori-zontal flip, width shift, height shift, and shear to increase the diversity in image datasets. Then the general features of the input brain tumor images are extracted based on a pre-trained transfer learning method comprised of Inception-v3. Fi-nally, the deep neural network with 4 customized layers is employed for classi-fying the brain tumors in most frequent brain tumor types as meningioma, glioma, and pituitary. The proposed model acquires an effective performance with an overall accuracy of 96.25% which is much improved than some existing multi-classification methods. Whereas, the fine-tuning of hyper-parameters and inclusion of customized DNN with the Inception-v3 model results in an im-provement of the classification accuracy.      
### 17.Simultaneous Speech Extraction for Multiple Target Speakers under the Meeting Scenarios(V1)  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08525.pdf)
>  Recently, the target speech separation or extraction techniques under the meeting scenario have become a hot research trend. We propose a speaker diarization aware multiple target speech separation system (SD-MTSS) to simultaneously extract the voice of each speaker from the mixed speech, rather than requiring a succession of independent processes as presented in previous solutions. SD-MTSS consists of a speaker diarization (SD) module and a multiple target speech separation (MTSS) module. The former one infers the target speaker voice activity detection (TSVAD) states of the mixture, as well as gets different speakers' single-talker audio segments as the reference speech. The latter one employs both the mixed audio and reference speech as inputs, and then it generates an estimated mask. By exploiting the TSVAD decision and the estimated mask, our SD-MTSS model can extract the speech of each speaker concurrently in a conversion recording without additional enrollment audio in advance.Experimental results show that our MTSS model outperforms our baselines with a large margin, achieving 1.38dB SDR, 1.34dB SI-SNR, and 0.13 PESQ improvements over the state-of-the-art SpEx+ baseline on the WSJ0-2mix-extr dataset, respectively. The SD-MTSS system makes a significant improvement than the baseline on the Alimeeting dataset as well.      
### 18.Integrated Sensing and Communication with Reconfigurable Intelligent Surfaces: Opportunities, Applications, and Future Directions  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08518.pdf)
>  Integrated sensing and communication (ISAC) is emerging as a key enabler to address the growing spectrum congestion problem and satisfy increasing demands for ubiquitous sensing and communication. By sharing various resources and information, ISAC achieves much higher spectral, energy, hardware, and economic efficiencies. Concurrently, reconfigurable intelligent surface (RIS) technology has been deemed as a promising approach due to its capability of intelligently manipulating the wireless propagation environment in an energy and hardware efficient manner. In this article, we analyze the potential of deploying RIS to improve communication and sensing performance in ISAC systems. We first describe the fundamentals of RIS and its applications in traditional communication and sensing systems, then introduce the principles of ISAC and overview existing explorations on RIS-assisted ISAC, followed by one case study to verify the advantages of deploying RIS in ISAC systems. Finally, open challenges and research directions are discussed to stimulate this line of research and pave the way for practical applications.      
### 19.Orientation-guided Graph Convolutional Network for Bone Surface Segmentation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08481.pdf)
>  Due to imaging artifacts and low signal-to-noise ratio in ultrasound images, automatic bone surface segmentation networks often produce fragmented predictions that can hinder the success of ultrasound-guided computer-assisted surgical procedures. Existing pixel-wise predictions often fail to capture the accurate topology of bone tissues due to a lack of supervision to enforce connectivity. In this work, we propose an orientation-guided graph convolutional network to improve connectivity while segmenting the bone surface. We also propose an additional supervision on the orientation of the bone surface to further impose connectivity. We validated our approach on 1042 vivo US scans of femur, knee, spine, and distal radius. Our approach improves over the state-of-the-art methods by 5.01% in connectivity metric.      
### 20.Combined Plant and Controller Optimization of an Underwater Energy Harvesting Kite System  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08472.pdf)
>  This paper presents the formulation and results for a control-aware optimization of the combined geometric and structural design of an energy-harvesting underwater kite. Because kite-based energy-harvesting systems, both airborne and underwater, possess strong coupling between closed-loop flight control, geometric design, and structural design, consideration of all three facets of the design within a single co-design framework is highly desirable. However, while prior literature has addressed one or two attributes of the design at a time, the present work constitutes the first comprehensive effort aimed at addressing all three. In particular, focusing on the goals of power maximization and mass minimization, we present a co-design formulation that fuses a geometric optimization tool, structural optimization tool, and closed-loop flight efficiency map. The resulting integrated co-design tool is used to address two mathematical optimization formulations that exhibit subtle differences: a Pareto optimal formulation and a dual-objective formulation that focuses on a weighted power-to-mass ratio as the techno-economic metric of merit. Based on the resulting geometric and structural designs, using a medium-fidelity closed-loop simulation tool, the proposed formulation is shown to achieve more than three times the power-to-mass ratio of a previously published, un-optimized benchmark design.      
### 21.Wireless Picosecond Time Synchronization for Distributed Antenna Arrays  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08457.pdf)
>  Distributed antenna arrays have been proposed for many applications ranging from space-based observatories to automated vehicles. Achieving good performance in distributed antenna systems requires stringent synchronization at the wavelength and information level to ensure that the transmitted signals arrive coherently at the target, or that scattered and received signals can be appropriately processed via distributed algorithms. In this paper we address the challenge of high precision time synchronization to align the operations of elements in a distributed antenna array and to overcome time-varying bias between platforms due to oscillator drift. We use a spectrally sparse two-tone waveform, which obtains approximately optimal time estimation accuracy, in a two-way time transfer process. We also describe a technique for determining the true time delay using the ambiguous two-tone matched filter output, and we compare the time synchronization precision of the two-tone waveform with the more common linear frequency modulation (LFM) waveform. We experimentally demonstrate wireless time synchronization using a single pulse 40$\,$MHz two-tone waveform over a 90$\,$cm 5.8$\,$GHz wireless link in a laboratory setting, obtaining a timing precision of 2.26$\,$ps.      
### 22.OpenSRH: optimizing brain tumor surgery using intraoperative stimulated Raman histology  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08439.pdf)
>  Accurate intraoperative diagnosis is essential for providing safe and effective care during brain tumor surgery. Our standard-of-care diagnostic methods are time, resource, and labor intensive, which restricts access to optimal surgical treatments. To address these limitations, we propose an alternative workflow that combines stimulated Raman histology (SRH), a rapid optical imaging method, with deep learning-based automated interpretation of SRH images for intraoperative brain tumor diagnosis and real-time surgical decision support. Here, we present OpenSRH, the first public dataset of clinical SRH images from 300+ brain tumors patients and 1300+ unique whole slide optical images. OpenSRH contains data from the most common brain tumors diagnoses, full pathologic annotations, whole slide tumor segmentations, raw and processed optical imaging data for end-to-end model development and validation. We provide a framework for patch-based whole slide SRH classification and inference using weak (i.e. patient-level) diagnostic labels. Finally, we benchmark two computer vision tasks: multiclass histologic brain tumor classification and patch-based contrastive representation learning. We hope OpenSRH will facilitate the clinical translation of rapid optical imaging and real-time ML-based surgical decision support in order to improve the access, safety, and efficacy of cancer surgery in the era of precision medicine. Dataset access, code, and benchmarks are available at <a class="link-external link-http" href="http://opensrh.mlins.org" rel="external noopener nofollow">this http URL</a>.      
### 23.Phase Identification of Distribution System Users Through a MILP Extension of State Estimation  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08436.pdf)
>  To address the challenges and exploit the opportunities that the decarbonization of the energy sector is bringing about, advanced distribution network management and operation strategies are being developed. Many of these require accurate network models to work effectively, including user phase connectivity. However, such information is often not available. This paper proposes a novel method to identify the phase connectivity of single- and three-phase distribution consumers using smart meter measurements. The method is based on state estimation and mixed-integer linear programming, and requires shorter measurement collection times compared to statistical and machine learning-based techniques, for the same level of accuracy. Consequently, the duration of measurement efforts/campaigns aimed at obtaining this type of information reduces, accelerating the system knowledge acquisition process and potentially reducing the campaigns' costs. A technique is illustrated that allows to solve large networks in acceptable time despite the considerable number of integer variables. Extensive computational results are presented for publicly available low voltage feeders.      
### 24.Consensus Formation Tracking for Multiple AUV Systems Using Distributed Bioinspired Sliding Mode Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08412.pdf)
>  Consensus formation tracking of multiple autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs) subject to nonlinear and uncertain dynamics is a challenging problem in robotics. To tackle this challenge, a distributed bioinspired sliding mode controller is proposed in this paper. First, the conventional sliding mode controller (SMC) is presented, and the consensus problem is addressed on the basis of graph theory. Next, to tackle the high frequency chattering issue in SMC scheme and meanwhile improve the robustness to the noises, a bioinspired approach is introduced, in which a neural dynamic model is employed to replace the nonlinear sign or saturation function in the synthesis of conventional sliding mode controllers. Furthermore, the input-to-state stability of the resulting closed-loop system is proved in the presence of bounded lumped disturbance by the Lyapunov stability theory. Finally, simulation experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed distributed formation control protocol.      
### 25.Control Barrier Functionals: Safety-critical Control for Time Delay Systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08409.pdf)
>  This work presents a theoretical framework for the safety-critical control of time delay systems. The theory of control barrier functions, that provides formal safety guarantees for delay-free systems, is extended to systems with state delay. The notion of control barrier functionals is introduced to attain formal safety guarantees, by enforcing the forward invariance of safe sets defined in the infinite dimensional state space. The proposed framework is able to handle multiple delays and distributed delays both in the dynamics and in the safety condition, and provides an affine constraint on the control input that yields provable safety. This constraint can be incorporated into optimization problems to synthesize pointwise optimal and provable safe controllers. The applicability of the proposed method is demonstrated by numerical simulation examples.      
### 26.Learning Generic Lung Ultrasound Biomarkers for Decoupling Feature Extraction from Downstream Tasks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08398.pdf)
>  Contemporary artificial neural networks (ANN) are trained end-to-end, jointly learning both features and classifiers for the task of interest. Though enormously effective, this paradigm imposes significant costs in assembling annotated task-specific datasets and training large-scale networks. We propose to decouple feature learning from downstream lung ultrasound tasks by introducing an auxiliary pre-task of visual biomarker classification. We demonstrate that one can learn an informative, concise, and interpretable feature space from ultrasound videos by training models for predicting biomarker labels. Notably, biomarker feature extractors can be trained from data annotated with weak video-scale supervision. These features can be used by a variety of downstream Expert models targeted for diverse clinical tasks (Diagnosis, lung severity, S/F ratio). Crucially, task-specific expert models are comparable in accuracy to end-to-end models directly trained for such target tasks, while being significantly lower cost to train.      
### 27.Edge-Aided Sensor Data Sharing in Vehicular Communication Networks  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08882.pdf)
>  Sensor data sharing in vehicular networks can significantly improve the range and accuracy of environmental perception for connected automated vehicles. Different concepts and schemes for dissemination and fusion of sensor data have been developed. It is common to these schemes that measurement errors of the sensors impair the perception quality and can result in road traffic accidents. Specifically, when the measurement error from the sensors (also referred as measurement noise) is unknown and time varying, the performance of the data fusion process is restricted, which represents a major challenge in the calibration of sensors. In this paper, we consider sensor data sharing and fusion in a vehicular network with both, vehicle-to-infrastructure and vehicle-to-vehicle communication. We propose a method, named Bidirectional Feedback Noise Estimation (BiFNoE), in which an edge server collects and caches sensor measurement data from vehicles. The edge estimates the noise and the targets alternately in double dynamic sliding time windows and enhances the distributed cooperative environment sensing at each vehicle with low communication costs. We evaluate the proposed algorithm and data dissemination strategy in an application scenario by simulation and show that the perception accuracy is on average improved by around 80 % with only 12 kbps uplink and 28 kbps downlink bandwidth.      
### 28.Avoid Overfitting User Specific Information in Federated Keyword Spotting  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08864.pdf)
>  Keyword spotting (KWS) aims to discriminate a specific wake-up word from other signals precisely and efficiently for different users. Recent works utilize various deep networks to train KWS models with all users' speech data centralized without considering data privacy. Federated KWS (FedKWS) could serve as a solution without directly sharing users' data. However, the small amount of data, different user habits, and various accents could lead to fatal problems, e.g., overfitting or weight divergence. Hence, we propose several strategies to encourage the model not to overfit user-specific information in FedKWS. Specifically, we first propose an adversarial learning strategy, which updates the downloaded global model against an overfitted local model and explicitly encourages the global model to capture user-invariant information. Furthermore, we propose an adaptive local training strategy, letting clients with more training data and more uniform class distributions undertake more local update steps. Equivalently, this strategy could weaken the negative impacts of those users whose data is less qualified. Our proposed FedKWS-UI could explicitly and implicitly learn user-invariant information in FedKWS. Abundant experimental results on federated Google Speech Commands verify the effectiveness of FedKWS-UI.      
### 29.What can Speech and Language Tell us About the Working Alliance in Psychotherapy  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08835.pdf)
>  We are interested in the problem of conversational analysis and its application to the health domain. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy is a structured approach in psychotherapy, allowing the therapist to help the patient to identify and modify the malicious thoughts, behavior, or actions. This cooperative effort can be evaluated using the Working Alliance Inventory Observer-rated Shortened - a 12 items inventory covering task, goal, and relationship - which has a relevant influence on therapeutic outcomes. In this work, we investigate the relation between this alliance inventory and the spoken conversations (sessions) between the patient and the psychotherapist. We have delivered eight weeks of e-therapy, collected their audio and video call sessions, and manually transcribed them. The spoken conversations have been annotated and evaluated with WAI ratings by professional therapists. We have investigated speech and language features and their association with WAI items. The feature types include turn dynamics, lexical entrainment, and conversational descriptors extracted from the speech and language signals. Our findings provide strong evidence that a subset of these features are strong indicators of working alliance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first and a novel study to exploit speech and language for characterising working alliance.      
### 30.Multimodal Attention-based Deep Learning for Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08826.pdf)
>  Alzheimer's Disease (AD) is the most common neurodegenerative disorder with one of the most complex pathogeneses, making effective and clinically actionable decision support difficult. The objective of this study was to develop a novel multimodal deep learning framework to aid medical professionals in AD diagnosis. We present a Multimodal Alzheimer's Disease Diagnosis framework (MADDi) to accurately detect the presence of AD and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) from imaging, genetic, and clinical data. MADDi is novel in that we use cross-modal attention, which captures interactions between modalities - a method not previously explored in this domain. We perform multi-class classification, a challenging task considering the strong similarities between MCI and AD. We compare with previous state-of-the-art models, evaluate the importance of attention, and examine the contribution of each modality to the model's performance. MADDi classifies MCI, AD, and controls with 96.88% accuracy on a held-out test set. When examining the contribution of different attention schemes, we found that the combination of cross-modal attention with self-attention performed the best, and no attention layers in the model performed the worst, with a 7.9% difference in F1-Scores. Our experiments underlined the importance of structured clinical data to help machine learning models contextualize and interpret the remaining modalities. Extensive ablation studies showed that any multimodal mixture of input features without access to structured clinical information suffered marked performance losses. This study demonstrates the merit of combining multiple input modalities via cross-modal attention to deliver highly accurate AD diagnostic decision support.      
### 31.Spectral-Efficiency of Cell-Free Massive MIMO with Multicarrier-Division Duplex  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08774.pdf)
>  A multicarrier-division duplex (MDD)-based cell-free (CF) scheme, namely MDD-CF, is proposed, which enables downlink (DL) data and uplink (UL) data or pilots to be concurrently transmitted on mutually orthogonal subcarriers in distributed CF massive MIMO (mMIMO) systems. To demonstrate the advantages of MDD-CF, we firstly study the spectral-efficiency (SE) performance in terms of one coherence interval (CT) associated with access point (AP)-selection, power- and subcarrier-allocation. Since the formulated SE optimization is a mixed-integer non-convex problem that is NP-hard to solve, we leverage the inherent association between involved variables to transform it into a continuous-integer convex-concave problem. Then, a quadratic transform (QT)-assisted iterative algorithm is proposed to achieve SE maximization. Next, we extend our study to the case of one radio frame consisting of several CT intervals. In this regard, a novel two-phase CT interval (TPCT) scheme is designed to not only improve the SE in radio frame but also provide consistent data transmissions over fast time-varying channels. Correspondingly, to facilitate the optimization, we propose a two-step iterative algorithm by building the connections between two phases in TPCT through an iteration factor. Simulation results show that, MDD-CF can significantly outperform in-band full duplex (IBFD)-CF due to the efficient interference management. Furthermore, compared with time-division duplex (TDD)-CF, MDD-CF is more robust to high-mobility scenarios and achieves better SE performance.      
### 32.Downlink Massive MU-MIMO with Successively-Regularized Zero Forcing Precoding  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08771.pdf)
>  In this letter, we consider linear precoding for downlink massive multi-user (MU) multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems. We propose the novel successively-regularized zero forcing (SRZF) precoding, which exploits successive null spaces of the MIMO channels of the users, along with regularization, to control the inter-user interference and to enhance performance and robustness to imperfect channel state information (CSI) at the base station (BS). We compare the weighted sum rate of the proposed SRZF precoding with those of block diagonalization and conventional and regularized zero forcing precoding for fixed and locally-optimal power allocation strategies as well as for perfect and imperfect CSI via computer simulations. Our simulation results reveal that for both underloaded and critically-loaded systems and perfect and imperfect CSI at the BS, the proposed SRZF precoding significantly outperforms the considered baseline schemes, making it an attractive option for downlink massive MU-MIMO systems.      
### 33.A Database for Perceived Quality Assessment of User-Generated VR Videos  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08751.pdf)
>  Virtual reality (VR) videos (typically in the form of 360$^\circ$ videos) have gained increasing attention due to the fast development of VR technologies and the remarkable popularization of consumer-grade 360$^\circ$ cameras and displays. Thus it is pivotal to understand how people perceive user-generated VR videos, which may suffer from commingled authentic distortions, often localized in space and time. In this paper, we establish one of the largest 360$^\circ$ video databases, containing 502 user-generated videos with rich content and distortion diversities. We capture viewing behaviors (i.e., scanpaths) of 139 users, and collect their opinion scores of perceived quality under four different viewing conditions (two starting points $\times$ two exploration times). We provide a thorough statistical analysis of recorded data, resulting in several interesting observations, such as the significant impact of viewing conditions on viewing behaviors and perceived quality. Besides, we explore other usage of our data and analysis, including evaluation of computational models for quality assessment and saliency detection of 360$^\circ$ videos. We have made the dataset and code available at <a class="link-external link-https" href="https://github.com/Yao-Yiru/VR-Video-Database" rel="external noopener nofollow">this https URL</a>.      
### 34.ReViSe: Remote Vital Signs Measurement Using Smartphone Camera  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08748.pdf)
>  Remote Photoplethysmography (rPPG) is a fast, effective, inexpensive and convenient method for collecting biometric data as it enables vital signs estimation using face videos. Remote contactless medical service provisioning has proven to be a dire necessity during the COVID-19 pandemic. We propose an end-to-end framework to measure people's vital signs including Heart Rate (HR), Heart Rate Variability (HRV), Oxygen Saturation (SpO2) and Blood Pressure (BP) based on the rPPG methodology from the video of a user's face captured with a smartphone camera. We extract face landmarks with a deep learning-based neural network model in real-time. Multiple face patches also called Region-of-Interests (RoIs) are extracted by using the predicted face landmarks. Several filters are applied to reduce the noise from the RoIs in the extracted cardiac signals called Blood Volume Pulse (BVP) signal. We trained and validated machine learning models using two public rPPG datasets namely the TokyoTech rPPG and the Pulse Rate Detection (PURE) datasets, on which our models achieved the following Mean Absolute Errors (MAE): a) for HR, 1.73 and 3.95 Beats-Per-Minute (bpm) respectively, b) for HRV, 18.55 and 25.03 ms respectively, and c) for SpO2, a MAE of 1.64 on the PURE dataset. We validated our end-to-end rPPG framework, ReViSe, in real life environment, and thereby created the Video-HR dataset. Our HR estimation model achieved a MAE of 2.49 bpm on this dataset. Since no publicly available rPPG datasets existed for BP measurement with face videos, we used a dataset with signals from fingertip sensor to train our model and also created our own video dataset, Video-BP. On our Video-BP dataset, our BP estimation model achieved a MAE of 6.7 mmHg for Systolic Blood Pressure (SBP), and a MAE of 9.6 mmHg for Diastolic Blood Pressure (DBP).      
### 35.Environment-Aware Hybrid Beamforming by Leveraging Channel Knowledge Map  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08707.pdf)
>  Hybrid analog/digital beamforming is a promising technique to realize millimeter wave (mmWave) massive multiple-input multiple-output (MIMO) systems cost-effectively. However, existing hybrid beamforming designs mainly rely on real-time channel training or beam sweeping to find the desired beams, which incurs prohibitive overhead due to a large number of antennas at both the transmitter and receiver with only limited radio frequency (RF) chains. To resolve this challenging issue, in this paper, we propose a new environment-aware hybrid beamforming technique that requires only light real-time training, by leveraging the useful tool of channel knowledge map (CKM) with the user's location information. CKM is a site-specific database, which offers location-specific channel-relevant information to facilitate or even obviate the acquisition of real-time channel state information (CSI). Two specific types of CKM are proposed in this paper for hybrid beamforming design in mmWave massive MIMO systems, namely channel angle map (CAM) and beam index map (BIM). It is shown that compared with existing environment-unaware schemes, the proposed environment-aware hybrid beamforming scheme based on CKM can drastically improve the effective communication rate, even under moderate user location errors, thanks to its great saving of the prohibitive real-time training overhead.      
### 36.Plotly-Resampler: Effective Visual Analytics for Large Time Series  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08703.pdf)
>  Visual analytics is arguably the most important step in getting acquainted with your data. This is especially the case for time series, as this data type is hard to describe and cannot be fully understood when using for example summary statistics. To realize effective time series visualization, four requirements have to be met; a tool should be (1) interactive, (2) scalable to millions of data points, (3) integrable in conventional data science environments, and (4) highly configurable. We observe that open source Python visualization toolkits empower data scientists in most visual analytics tasks, but lack the combination of scalability and interactivity to realize effective time series visualization. As a means to facilitate these requirements, we created Plotly-Resampler, an open source Python library. Plotly-Resampler is an add-on for Plotly's Python bindings, enhancing line chart scalability on top of an interactive toolkit by aggregating the underlying data depending on the current graph view. Plotly-Resampler is built to be snappy, as the reactivity of a tool qualitatively affects how analysts visually explore and analyze data. A benchmark task highlights how our toolkit scales better than alternatives in terms of number of samples and time series. Additionally, Plotly-Resampler's flexible data aggregation functionality paves the path towards researching novel aggregation techniques. Plotly-Resampler's integrability, together with its configurability, convenience, and high scalability, allows to effectively analyze high-frequency data in your day-to-day Python environment.      
### 37.A Deep Learning Approach for the Segmentation of Electroencephalography Data in Eye Tracking Applications  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08672.pdf)
>  The collection of eye gaze information provides a window into many critical aspects of human cognition, health and behaviour. Additionally, many neuroscientific studies complement the behavioural information gained from eye tracking with the high temporal resolution and neurophysiological markers provided by electroencephalography (EEG). One of the essential eye-tracking software processing steps is the segmentation of the continuous data stream into events relevant to eye-tracking applications, such as saccades, fixations, and blinks. <br>Here, we introduce DETRtime, a novel framework for time-series segmentation that creates ocular event detectors that do not require additionally recorded eye-tracking modality and rely solely on EEG data. Our end-to-end deep learning-based framework brings recent advances in Computer Vision to the forefront of the times series segmentation of EEG data. DETRtime achieves state-of-the-art performance in ocular event detection across diverse eye-tracking experiment paradigms. In addition to that, we provide evidence that our model generalizes well in the task of EEG sleep stage segmentation.      
### 38.A two-stage approach for a mixed-integer economic dispatch game in integrated electrical and gas distribution systems  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08629.pdf)
>  In this paper, we formulate for the first time the economic dispatch problem of an integrated electrical and gas distribution system as a game equilibrium problem. Specifically, by assuming that electricity and gas prices depend linearly on the total consumption and by approximating the non-linear gas-flow equations with a piece-wise affine model, we obtain a potential mixed-integer game. To compute an approximate generalized Nash equilibrium, we propose an iterative two-stage method that exploits a problem convexification and the gas flow model. We quantify the quality of the computed solution and perform a numerical study to evaluate the performance of our method.      
### 39.A common lines approach for ab-initio modeling of molecules with tetrahedral and octahedral symmetry  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08623.pdf)
>  A main task in cryo-electron microscopy single particle reconstruction is to find a three-dimensional model of a molecule given a set of its randomly oriented and positioned noisy projection-images. In this work, we propose an algorithm for ab-initio reconstruction for molecules with tetrahedral or octahedral symmetry. The algorithm exploits the multiple common lines between each pair of projection-images as well as self common lines within each image. It is robust to noise in the input images as it integrates the information from all images at once. The efficiency of the proposed algorithm is demonstrated using experimental cryo-electron microscopy data.      
### 40.Bio-inspired Intelligence with Applications to Robotics: A Survey  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08544.pdf)
>  In the past decades, considerable attention has been paid to bio-inspired intelligence and its applications to robotics. This paper provides a comprehensive survey of bio-inspired intelligence, with a focus on neurodynamics approaches, to various robotic applications, particularly to path planning and control of autonomous robotic systems. Firstly, the bio-inspired shunting model and its variants (additive model and gated dipole model) are introduced, and their main characteristics are given in detail. Then, two main neurodynamics applications to real-time path planning and control of various robotic systems are reviewed. A bio-inspired neural network framework, in which neurons are characterized by the neurodynamics models, is discussed for mobile robots, cleaning robots, and underwater robots. The bio-inspired neural network has been widely used in real-time collision-free navigation and cooperation without any learning procedures, global cost functions, and prior knowledge of the dynamic environment. In addition, bio-inspired backstepping controllers for various robotic systems, which are able to eliminate the speed jump when a large initial tracking error occurs, are further discussed. Finally, the current challenges and future research directions are discussed in this paper.      
### 41.Thompson Sampling Achieves $\tilde O(\sqrt{T})$ Regret in Linear Quadratic Control  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08520.pdf)
>  Thompson Sampling (TS) is an efficient method for decision-making under uncertainty, where an action is sampled from a carefully prescribed distribution which is updated based on the observed data. In this work, we study the problem of adaptive control of stabilizable linear-quadratic regulators (LQRs) using TS, where the system dynamics are unknown. Previous works have established that $\tilde O(\sqrt{T})$ frequentist regret is optimal for the adaptive control of LQRs. However, the existing methods either work only in restrictive settings, require a priori known stabilizing controllers, or utilize computationally intractable approaches. We propose an efficient TS algorithm for the adaptive control of LQRs, TS-based Adaptive Control, TSAC, that attains $\tilde O(\sqrt{T})$ regret, even for multidimensional systems, thereby solving the open problem posed in Abeille and Lazaric (2018). TSAC does not require a priori known stabilizing controller and achieves fast stabilization of the underlying system by effectively exploring the environment in the early stages. Our result hinges on developing a novel lower bound on the probability that the TS provides an optimistic sample. By carefully prescribing an early exploration strategy and a policy update rule, we show that TS achieves order-optimal regret in adaptive control of multidimensional stabilizable LQRs. We empirically demonstrate the performance and the efficiency of TSAC in several adaptive control tasks.      
### 42.Factorization Approach for Sparse Spatio-Temporal Brain-Computer Interface  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08494.pdf)
>  Recently, advanced technologies have unlimited potential in solving various problems with a large amount of data. However, these technologies have yet to show competitive performance in brain-computer interfaces (BCIs) which deal with brain signals. Basically, brain signals are difficult to collect in large quantities, in particular, the amount of information would be sparse in spontaneous BCIs. In addition, we conjecture that high spatial and temporal similarities between tasks increase the prediction difficulty. We define this problem as sparse condition. To solve this, a factorization approach is introduced to allow the model to obtain distinct representations from latent space. To this end, we propose two feature extractors: A class-common module is trained through adversarial learning acting as a generator; Class-specific module utilizes loss function generated from classification so that features are extracted with traditional methods. To minimize the latent space shared by the class-common and class-specific features, the model is trained under orthogonal constraint. As a result, EEG signals are factorized into two separate latent spaces. Evaluations were conducted on a single-arm motor imagery dataset. From the results, we demonstrated that factorizing the EEG signal allows the model to extract rich and decisive features under sparse condition.      
### 43.High-Speed Accurate Robot Control using Learned Forward Kinodynamics and Non-linear Least Squares Optimization  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08487.pdf)
>  Accurate control of robots in the real world requires a control system that is capable of taking into account the kinodynamic interactions of the robot with its environment. At high speeds, the dependence of the movement of the robot on these kinodynamic interactions becomes more pronounced, making high-speed, accurate robot control a challenging problem. Previous work has shown that learning the inverse kinodynamics (IKD) of the robot can be helpful for high-speed robot control. However a learned inverse kinodynamic model can only be applied to a limited class of control problems, and different control problems require the learning of a new IKD model. In this work we present a new formulation for accurate, high-speed robot control that makes use of a learned forward kinodynamic (FKD) model and non-linear least squares optimization. By nature of the formulation, this approach is extensible to a wide array of control problems without requiring the retraining of a new model. We demonstrate the ability of this approach to accurately control a scale one-tenth robot car at high speeds, and show improved results over baselines.      
### 44.Time Reversal for 6G Spatiotemporal Focusing: Recent Experiments, Opportunities, and Challenges  [ :arrow_down: ](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.08419.pdf)
>  Late visions and trends for the future sixth Generation (6G) of wireless communications advocate, among other technologies, towards the deployment of network nodes with extreme numbers of antennas and up to terahertz frequencies, as means to enable various immersive applications. However, these technologies impose several challenges in the design of radio-frequency front-ends and beamforming architectures, as well as of ultra-wideband waveforms and computationally efficient transceiver signal processing. In this article, we revisit the Time Reversal (TR) technique, which was initially experimented in acoustics, in the context of large-bandwidth 6G wireless communications, capitalizing on its high resolution spatiotemporal focusing realized with low complexity transceivers. We first overview representative state-of-the-art in TR-based wireless communications, identifying the key competencies and requirements of TR for efficient operation. Recent and novel experimental setups and results for the spatiotemporal focusing capability of TR at the carrier frequencies $2.5$, $36$, and $273$ GHz are then presented, demonstrating in quantitative ways the technique's effectiveness in these very different frequency bands, as well as the roles of the available bandwidth and the number of transmit antennas. We also showcase the TR potential for realizing low complexity multi-user communications. The opportunities arising from TR-based wireless communications as well as the challenges for finding their place in 6G networks, also in conjunction with other complementary candidate technologies, are highlighted.      
